Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Sauce Hockey.
We all know that hockey is more than just a game. It's a culture and a way of life.
The best players carry that swagger off the ice and are definitely known to have a bit of fun in the process.
Sauce Hockey is a full line of apparel that tells the
hockey story from every level. Whether you're a savvy veteran that's been around the block or a
local legend playing beer leagues with the boys, Sauce Hockey has the threads for you. Sauce has
the sickest lids around to make your hockey flow pop and they even got you covered in the polo
department. Their t-shirts are soft for the puppy ears and feature fresh designs that will definitely
help you off ice plus minus if you catch my drift. You'll even find barbecue sets made of broken
twigs and other accessories like their boxers and socks, which are also A+. To make matters even
better, the beauties over at Sauce Hockey are giving us an exclusive 30 off with the discount code CHICKLETS. You heard that right.
30 off with the discount code CHICKLETS.
Sauce has also made the best t-shirt of the month club out there,
which sends you an original design from a part of the history of hockey.
For only 30 or less than a 24-pack of Molson,
you can get a piece of hockey history delivered right to your door.
The club has featured story barns such as the Met Center, the Yale Whale, the Ralph,
and recently did a tribute to Herb Brooks, which is still available on the website.
Oh, and did you know?
One of our favorite reoccurring guests, Commie, Mike Commodore,
has partnered with Sauce to produce his exclusive in-one apparel featuring tarps, sweaters, and buckets,
donning the legend himself.
I just got mine, so make sure you get yours.
So make sure to head on over to SauceHockey.com
to get in one and take advantage of 30 off
by using code CHICKLETS.
That's S-A-U-C-E-Hockey.com, code CHICKLETS.
This episode is also brought to you by DraftKings.
Hockey season is in full swing,
but it's not too late to get in on the action with one-day fantasy hockey at DraftKings.com.
Tonight, you can play free with your first deposit for over five grand in total prizes.
With DraftKings, there are many ways to play this, so choose between public contests with
big cash prizes or private contests where you can face
off with a group of your friends. DraftKings also has beginner and casual contests where you'll play
against people of similar skill level. All you have to do is pick your team and start racking up
points for goals, assists, shots, and even more. The best part, you get to draft a new team each
day. My fantasy hockey team already screwed. Half my team's injured.
Best part about DraftKings, you can pick a new team every day. The only thing better than that,
winning cash doing it. And there's no better way to put your hockey knowledge to the test
than DraftKings. So hurry to DraftKings.com slash Barstool to sign up and play free with your first deposit for your share of over 5,000 in total prizes.
That link, again, is DraftKings.com slash Barstool
to play for free with your first deposit.
Only at DraftKings, the game inside the game.
Minimum 5 deposit required.
Eligibility restrictions apply.
See DraftKings.com for details.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 56.
What up, what up?
What up, what up? Timu Hartakainen.
You guys know who he is?
No.
I always say Andre Tippett.
Different sport.
Yeah, you got to go hockey for this hockey podcast.
Timu Hartakainen.
I don't know if I'm saying it right.
Played in Edmonton with me.
Played in the KHL.
Finnish guy.
Tough player.
Couldn't skate very well, but really good.
Hello, gentlemen.
And who's here?
Very special guest.
The Arizona Coyotes were in town.
They brought a particular individual with them.
He's a special person.
You know him as BizNasty2.0 on Twitterland.
Welcome to the show, Paul Bissonette.
Live in studio.
Dude, what do you think of our studio?
It's amazing.
Isn't it unreal?
I was kind of rattled you kicked me off the couch.
We're not drinking right now.
I know.
Yeah, I know.
But, well, it's like what?
You have a game to work tonight.
But I was mad when you kicked me off the couch, but this barstool is extremely comfortable.
And that's not a, I didn't say that because we're on barstool either.
You're saying that because you were on a comfy couch and we said, no, you have to sit on
the chair right there and stare at us.
But it's comfy.
Because it took my wife about 9,000 trips to the fucking store to pick them up.
Oh yeah, exactly.
Take that one.
Yeah.
Welcome to our state of the art studio-art studio here in lovely South Boston.
What do you think about, so for people who don't know,
Biz this year is doing the radio for the Radio Color.
Radio Color, right?
For the Phoenix Coyotes, who got off to a really strong start.
No, I'm just kidding.
No, they've picked it up, though.
They've picked it up.
500 in their last 16 games, I believe. And as you're on the road and you're traveling, like, just kidding. No, they've picked it up, though. They've picked it up. 500 in their last 16 games, I believe.
And as you're on the road and you're traveling,
can you give us, you know,
you got any good road cities,
your favorite ones to go to as a broadcaster
as opposed to being a player?
Well, we were fortunate enough,
at the beginning of the season,
before it got really cold,
we spent five days in NYC in the same hotel.
Yes, big difference.
Huge difference.
You're not bouncing.
Basically, you can go in, you can put your clothes in your closet, and you're there.
Exactly.
I don't like knowing I have to leave the next day for another hotel.
For the only time ever, I unpacked my bags, hung up my stuff.
I even put my underwear and socks in a drawer in a hotel.
Yeah, yeah.
That's crazy.
And then you know I got five nights where I don't even have a game either.
Oh, and NYC.
So we went out for some nice dinners, and it was an awesome time.
So what's obviously the biggest difference probably as doing this as a color guy?
You must have just way more time because you don't have to practice.
You don't have the meetings.
You don't have the rigors of having to deal with the NHL road schedule.
How are you feeling all that time?
What are you doing?
No waste time.
Are you doing anything productive?
Like, say, in New York City,
will you go to museums?
Are you a museum guy?
Yeah, what museums you go to?
This seems like a culture thing.
Yeah.
Well, to be fair wit,
there's a good club called Museum.
It's open Tuesdays.
Unreal.
What do you do?
But you laughed.
I went and saw the, not a museum, but I went and saw the.
No, the.
Empire State Building.
No, the one that fell down.
Oh, Freedom Tower.
Freedom Tower.
Sorry, Christ.
I was drawing a blank there.
But I went and did that.
But the best part about it is i was never shy to chase
it on the road even when i was playing so now i can do it and not have to get my body up in the
morning to practice and then obviously end up playing a game and how about like basically
you're on the road now with flashing green lights every night yeah you you get what do you get one
flashing green light a year and then a couple
yellows and like maybe a red that you run but this time right and then and then typically the green
light you'd get when you were playing was in like buffalo and you'd be like christ we got that night
in columbus yeah that big one we had and it was like it was like a tuesday it was just people
like ah tuesdays nothing really going on on ts. Oh, Tuesday in Buffalo? There's a rib joint down the street.
They only take cash, and they close at 11.
No, that's a great question, though.
It's been great.
The only problem, though, is the Coyotes set a record for most road games
within the first, I believe, 60 games of the season.
This year?
When this road trip is up, we play here, then Columbus, Chicago.
We would have played 21 road games in the first 60 days of the season.
So not only is it almost a game every other day, it's they're all on the road.
So was there something going on or is that just totally random?
Well, the league schedules it like that because we get the snowbirds in the wintertime.
So for ticket sales, it makes more sense for us to not compete with football and of course wait
till snowbirds come in order to sell tickets that makes sense i didn't even think of that so now
we have a huge home stretch coming up where we're the holidays and i mean the great home ice
advantage there is just can we celebrate the best question that ra has ever asked me and i've been
on the show like 12 times yeah that was a really good question we told i gave it to him before the
episode but that's weird because it kind of like kind of like rigs it almost against the coyotes
in a way because you know this they got to kick the season off and like you know obviously you
want some home games and theoretically you're going to win more at home but but they're saying
that there'll be more people at the games so if you do start with nobody in the crowd maybe
thinking right i mean yeah the fans must go up a little but going to where ra's going is yeah if i was playing under these circumstances it's completely ridiculous yeah
if i if i told you our schedule your jaw would drop that's how crazy it is and it did i mean
we started out we didn't want a regulation game for 20 games i mean i was watching and i i didn't
know if they were gonna end up getting one but now But now, like you've said, I mean, in fairness, they've had games where they've looked really good.
Tonight, I'm sorry, I always say tonight.
This is Thursday.
I'm going to pound the Bruins, see how that goes.
But I do not think they're a team, like, at the beginning of the year that looked horrendous.
Now they look like they could compete.
And they have guys like, I like, what's his, Perlini?
Oh, Perlini's good, yeah.
Perlini. Sniper. I like that guy's his, Perlini? Oh, Perlini's good, yeah. Perlini.
Sniper.
I like that guy.
He can skate.
Is he American too?
No, he was actually born in Cardiff, Wales,
where I played in the EIHL.
He's from England?
Well, his dad was playing in that league.
Really?
Yes, so there's the connection.
There's the connection.
I just watched a segment on that.
It was like CBS Sunday Morning.
You don't watch that.
No, no.
It's a good little show.
No, Whit's still sleeping then.
It's like a news show, but it's like a real mellow news show.
When you're just waking up, it's like perfect.
But they did a segment on that, and I was thinking of you too
because we told you crazy kind of stories.
By the way, that was the longest answer ever to say,
no, I don't go to museums on the road too.
Well, no, but do you go to the rink for pregame skate?
I wanted to ask that.
On the road, yes.
I think I've missed. Well, I didn't go today because I was doing this,
and it was an optional.
Most of the time you go get an interview or just kind of chill?
No, I don't interview the players.
I just go to see what the lines are going to be.
And Bob Heat House, who's been the main guy, he prepares like a crazy person.
I'll read the game, and I'll make comments,
and then he'll back it up with statistical data and make me look like oh that's actually what a team what a what a uh team was a teamwork
yeah great teamwork what a partnership i told him i said any contract i asked for with the coyotes
moving forward i said i wanted him like you're a part of my you're with me no matter what loyal
that's awesome yeah what about um in terms of like when you go in the locker room because you're
going to check out the lines,
is it hard to not bird watch to make sure you're not looking?
Because guys will be like, dude, you know they'll be on the reporters.
That guy's always checking out hogs.
First of all, I don't go in the locker room.
I don't.
But to get on the hog talk,
some guys might listen to this and maybe never listen to the show again, but I don't really care.
People are turning it off right now.
I remember certain guys I've played with by what their cocks look like, and I wouldn't even be able to tell you their first and last name.
And tell me if it's true or not.
Speaking of that, we had our son Ryder.
He was circumcised, and we actually were saying right away, I said,
I'm not having a kid with some covered wagon walking around the locker room.
I know.
I used to get killed for that.
He was in his anteater rolling around Pittsburgh.
Yans used to call me Snuffleupagus and stuff.
He used to tell me to donate the rest of it to like
victims who did like miss skin to help
them out and I'm like come on
man oh you're like Keith lay off
by the way welcome back Wits
we just regatta we go so excited
that's selfish that he did it
in season I know guys would have showed
up but no we didn't you know we didn't
you know to miss an episode
is just like a sly listen
I tried leaving and she's like, get over you and not leave.
No, I'm just kidding.
Hey, true story.
I think was Daryl Sutter coach in Calgary before he went?
Was it Daryl?
Daryl.
No, Daryl Sutter was in L.A.
Yes, yes.
Before that, was he ever?
No, Brent Sutter was coaching Calgary.
Okay, was it Brent Sutter?
Yeah.
Daryl coached them in 04 when they lost to the Bay.
Oh, right.
Oh, okay.
So, two Sutter brothers coached the Flames, right? Brian did too? Yeah. Darryl coached them in 04 when they lost to the Flames. Oh, okay. So, Tussauds brought his coach to the Flames?
Right?
Brian did, too.
No, Brent did.
So, to rewind, I heard stories when Darryl was there that he would legit hold a grudge
on guys who had kids during the season.
He's like, you fucking mother...
He's like, you're going to miss a game.
Congrats, but are you kidding me?
You're going to miss tilt?
I told you to pollute. Pollute, eh? Coach. He's like, you're going to miss a game. He's like, congrats, but are you kidding me? You're going to miss tilt? I told you to pollute.
Pollute, eh?
Coach, kid's coming out any minute.
He's like, wait, wait.
I'm going to wait to write down the lineup.
You're going to let the boys down just so you know.
But go watch your kid get born.
Yeah, hey, hey, man, good luck.
I hope the kid's healthy, but we're struggling on the power play.
But kind of like in a joking way.
So anyone who's listening to the story, don't take it seriously and then write an article bashing daryl sutter
say he's like anti-life or something he just did it funny but i will say that for my season now
is golf so when i found out she was pregnant i immediately thought i was like nine months from
now oh and in november i'm like golf's over this is the best time to have a kid so i'll be trying
to just plant the seed every day just the beginning pregnant just at the beginning of March every year.
I won't miss any golf.
But it was awesome.
It's good to be back.
Pull out, eh?
No, I'm going to stay in now, guy.
So back to the lecture at hand.
I just tied my foreskin in a knot.
Anyway, sorry.
All right, sorry.
All right, puked.
Vegas has had a really nice start there in the playoff hunt.
A lot of people didn't see that coming.
But I think it's something that people really didn't talk about ahead of time.
Well, maybe in Arizona and Vegas they were.
But we should have a nice little rivalry in the desert.
I mean, the two cities are close.
You know, L.A. and Anaheim have obviously paired off.
And, of course, well, Seattle might have a
I mean, San Jose might have a dance partner with Seattle.
We'll get to that in a minute.
But as far as, you know, having a rivalry, that's something,
I don't think Arizona really had like a natural rivalry.
And now I think that's something that, that could be good.
I mean, if the coyotes can get back to that level,
they were five years ago in Vegas, you know, keep surprising people.
I mean, you can never have too many rivalries.
And I think that's a, that's a budding one.
It could be very budding one, but I think that that's something to keep an eye on
in the future yeah and and well i guess we should first touch on how good they are yeah are they
like are they this good they're very very good very you said that to me when you just said that
i didn't say anything right away it's before recording i was like really like you think that
i i mean every time i've seen them play, they've been impressive.
Yeah.
And we've slowed down that much, really.
No.
And they have so many.
They have two things going for them, I think.
Well, one, they got to pick up all solid D.
Anytime you have a good back end, you're going to have a decent team.
And that was evident when we had our playoff runs and we made playoffs
three consecutive years
in Arizona.
We were projected
by the hockey news
to finish 14th,
14th,
and 15th
in those years
in our division
or conference.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But we had a good back end.
We had Oliver.
We had Yans.
We had Derek Morris.
We had a chance to win.
Yeah, exactly.
And that's what they do have.
And also,
Fleury,
I mean, he hasn't been playing. That's the biggest miracle of all
is that they've done this with five.
They had a kid playing from
Pam Loops, right? I think a
WHL player who
going into the year, you're told, he probably didn't
even want to get in the first game. He was brought up
to back up in. But the fact that they've had to
play all these guys and they've still won is just
insane. So when they get Fleury back, he's's skating now i saw some video um that could be actually
like they're maybe they won't go anywhere and like william carlson like where did this come from
right and and that that was going to be my second thing that they have is they seem to have got a
lot of like borderline second uh second line guys maybe even third line guys. But let's be honest.
They're essentially the NHL rejects.
Each team didn't think they were good enough to be on their team anymore
and not protect them.
There's no other way to put it.
So these guys not only have a chip on their shoulder
and they have something to prove.
Yeah, but that's the same thing.
Now, I mean, now you've got all these guys trying to prove something
that we're good players, and now they're getting even more minutes
because they're all more relied upon than the teams they were at. Well, now you're starting to see some of these guys trying to prove something that we're good players and now they're getting even more minutes because they're all more relied upon than the teams they were at well now you're
starting to see some of these guys flourish yeah march of soul we knew he was a good player did we
know he was this good no same with smith from florida who they let go and he had he was but
he was like really he was great and then he struggled in boston and then yeah florida though
letting him go that's another one like hey go go ahead. We don't want to pay you.
And it's just now that you not only do you get the chance, but you get the confidence, right?
So as a player, everyone says it in any sport, confidence is everything.
So these guys know, all right, well, I'm not going to get taken out of the lineup for a mistake.
I was never even getting close to power play minutes. Now I'm getting those.
I can kind of do something with it.
And, I mean, just the fact that they had to start the way they did with what happened in Vegas.
Then their crowd's been amazing.
And then they had all the injuries, and they're still doing this.
It shows how stupid the Panthers are for firing Gerard Gallant.
Okay, well, yeah.
I didn't even mention the fact that that Vegas strong game was their first home opener.
Well, it was their home opener.
Yeah, that was against you guys.
And it was against us.
Yeah, Max Fett.
It was insane.. It was insane.
That scene was incredible.
Then they came out buzzing.
4-0 first period.
You wondered then,
is it just because it's Arizona? 84 Oilers couldn't have stopped them that night.
They were buzzing.
Shout out to Frankie Borelli of Barstool Sports.
I don't know if you know him.
He's Dave's right-hand man
at Barstool. He tried saying the other day that Wayne Gret. I don't know if you know him. He's like Dave's right-hand man at Barstool.
He tried saying the other day that Wayne Gretzky wouldn't make an NHL roster.
We don't have to get into it, but it was a very
it was like give your head a shake, Frankie.
Really kind of disgusting take on the game's greatest player ever.
But now saying that, people get really upset when you say guys like,
for instance, Crosby, I think is better than Gretzky.
And the disrespect.
People get rattled to that.
It's different though.
I get how much he dominated the game back then,
and it was far superior than others.
But if you're doing what Crosby's done with the goaltending and the defenders,
the positions have gotten more athletic now from the back end.
Whereas, do you think that Gretzky would have half the points he had back then
if goaltenders were as good as they are now?
No, no.
But it's such an impossible argument, the whole thing.
Because it's a great argument because you can have it for fucking hours
with your buddies and have all these different opinions.
But it's impossible because we just don't know.
Like give Gretzky the current equipment that Crosby has.
True.
All I know is the fact that I played, I'm with you.
It's because when I played, I'm like I can't imagine somebody being better at hockey than Crosby was.
Like when you saw him do something, you're like there's no way somebody could be better than that.
Well  Now people are  but in 20 years man but here's this would you i've seen mcdavid and crosby live
in the flesh on the ice skater than both i would say mcdavid's even more athletic on skates than
crosby i feel like crosby's a little bit more controlled and in 10 to 15 years there's gonna
be some kid and they're like well i mean look at look at Austin Matthews. Yeah, he's like with McDavid I think.
But in 10 to 15 years, there's going to be somebody, dude, this kid is better than McDavid.
This kid might be better than Matthews and it will always be like that.
I love that though.
I'm all about the McDavid hype.
Which is incredible.
By the way, if it's not my kid Ryder, I'll be beating him if he misses the net in practice.
Every bogey he makes
in golf no no supper uh i'm gonna be this i'm gonna be a psycho father uh hell what is it a
helicopter parent run home you you missed the net on that breakaway they call them helicopter parents
i think so isn't that what a helicopter parent they're up their ass they're up their ass
so it's like hovering oh okay you want to watch TV? You can do the hypotheticals.
Yeah, they're fun and the bullshit.
But like Biz said, the biggest difference,
and it's so noticeable when you watch the old clips,
is the goalies, man.
It's like zero technique, man.
And it's not the biggest, slowest guys on the point anymore either.
You've got to be able to move.
Yeah, Larry Robinson was a pretty pretty nasty defenseman in his day.
He was
offensive and defense.
Guys who were completely hung over every game.
Buckled.
Going out and pregame
skate was made to have them
sweat out the door. That's a known fact.
Smell like a Swanson's
sole. Is pregame skate
with Arizona? Do they do it? it i figured a lot of teams now are
like completely done with them yeah i mean i think uh i want to say columbus columbus is very anti
especially last season maybe they change it i think it has a lot to do with how the team's playing too
if you're playing well and you weren't pregame skating the coach is going to run with that
whereas if you're not skating and then you run an 010 run yeah you're skating pregame skating, the coach is going to run with that. Whereas if you're not skating and then you run an 0-10 run,
you're skating pregame skate.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, the other day, more NHL news,
Calgary took a tough loss at home to,
oh, this is going to drive me nuts.
Winnipeg?
No, I don't think so.
But they were about to get on the plane to go to Toronto
and the no skate travel day got changed
to the old 80- minute skate in Calgary
where all of a sudden you're just
getting carved and we heard about a
bag skate of battle drills and
all that for the Detroit Red Wings when they lost
10 to 1. 10 to 1
to the Montreal Canadiens last week.
Speaking of carved, boy
Matty Kachuk has another hearing
with the DOPS. This guy is unbelievable.
I mean to call it a spear is trying to do it justice to a real spear.
Yeah, I have an opinion on it.
Yeah, he was more like raking.
He did a little like if you're raking the leaves.
He gave a little bit of a rake with the stick.
Still did it from the bench.
Still illegal.
But he's probably going to get at least a game out of it.
What do you  I'd like to hear you stand on this.
And it's an in-depth opinion.
what do you i'd like to hear you stand on this and it's an in-depth opinion i feel that because of social media the world has became became so soft where anytime one little thing like that
happens nobody was hurting it was a stupid dirty little play and i'll agree with that
whereas there's there's nothing to talk about anymore back then regular season games were fun
because you never know when it was going to be a bench brawl nowadays if there's a fight it's it's in it's like oh my there was a fight at the hockey game
last night i know viral and i get i don't want guys suffering later in life because of concussions
and blah blah blah but but he he gave him a little spear now he did it the other game they're going
to give him probably i guess three four games this time no way no way he's going to give him probably, I guess, three, four games this time. No way. No way. You think he's going to get less?
I didn't even think he might
necessarily. Does he definitely get a game for that?
Oh, yeah. It's not that bad.
He got a prior. It's fresh to the memory.
The prior thing will kill him.
But, Biz, in a way, you're right because
for example, this was totally
on accident, but I speared
Ovechkin in the balls at the end of a period.
The Robles?
I ended up getting fined for it.
I didn't get suspended, and he was down screaming in pain.
But this was like 2007.
Guaranteed you would be getting a game.
It would have probably gone viral now, like Ovechkin getting speared.
You have death threats, man.
You wouldn't even be alive right now
if this was
now
yeah KGB
you wouldn't even have a kid
because you'd be dead
so
but my thing about
Kachuk is like
I actually love
like a guy playing
the way he does
love it
what an awesome
teammate to have
as crazy as it sounds
the guys must love
playing with him
because he's good too
and he's just a rat.
There's no other way to put it. If he
took offense to that, I don't really know what to say
because that's how he plays. He's a very
effective player by being a pain
in the ass and being skilled. There's always going to
be room for a guy like that who
can play a little bit. Especially if
they can play.
But he's just, he's got to reel it in
a little. Having said, I don't he's got to reel it in a little.
Having said,
I don't even think it necessarily should have been
in his suspension.
Like you said,
it wasn't a spear.
It was a jab,
but he's on the bench
and it's so stupid
to do that then.
And like you said,
this isn't an insult.
I watched him play
and I wanted to kill him.
Yeah, that's amazing.
That's a compliment.
That's a compliment.
He was a factor.
He's the guy where
he doesn't have any points in the game,
but you're talking about him after the game.
And he's relevant.
And like you said, he's a great little player.
And he probably learned it from his own man or old man.
And more guys should play with an edge like that
because it just adds another dimension to your game.
Don't let these PC writers tell you that,
oh, that's dirty.
There should be no players in the game like that.
It's like, are you kidding me? have you ever had to feel one bit of anxiety while being on the ice while 20 000
people are looking at you yeah and and and dying on your every move no they don't know what it's
like they sit in their their cubicles and write that sure have your opinion but that guys like
that are needed in the nhl and they will always have a place. And I can honestly say that when I would be playing,
a guy like that, I don't care who you are.
On the back of your mind, you're like, where is he?
If he's on the ice, where is he?
What is he doing?
You know you make a breakout pass.
You know someone like that's on the ice.
And that affects players.
I mean, there's no other way of putting it
because it's in your head.
And the fact that some people don't like it,
that'll forever be a valuable player in the NHL.
Someone who's good and is a piece of shit.
And it's pretty much how he plays.
He's a piece of shit.
Rafi Torres kept getting jobs.
I play with him.
I thought he was one of the best teammates I ever had.
Another guy who maybe took it over the line a little bit.
The head shots there kind of, you know.
Kachuk had a head shot though on Doughty.
Yeah, the elbow, yeah.
And I'll say this though is, as you just mentioned,
it's in your subconscious.
You may not think it's
Where is Rafi?
You may not think you're affected by it.
You are.
But now you're  where's Kachuk?
Is he going to spear me after this whistle?
It's an element of, like, psychological warfare to it in a way, you know?
And someone on Twitter said, oh, what would his father say about you
saying to call his kid Claude Lemieux?
I'm like, well, first off, I don't assume his father listens to my podcast.
Wait, wait.
Keith could check this in my podcast.
I go, second, he probably wouldn't care because Claude Lemieux won four cups in a cunt's might.
So that's probably like, I don't think he'd really take it personal.
Plus, if he watches his kid play hockey, yeah, it's a pretty apt comparison.
I just think this kid I grew up playing with, Brian McConnell.
We started playing together when we were 12 years old.
We then went to high school, went to the USA program, went to BU together.
He was a Calgary Flames draft pick.
He was a dirty, dirty hogbear.
From the time we were 11, he would spear and run guys over,
and I forever was like, oh, McConnell, fuck, that guy's psychotic out there.
And I'll always think back.
Players like that will forever be effective because if you can play and act like that,
you are a wild card.
And you know what's crazy is how this kind of conversation maybe started randomly.
Another main guy that I can think off the top of my head is Derek Dorsett,
who was exactly that type of guy.
Yeah, so that's great you brought that up.
For those of you who don't know, Derek Dorsett of the Vancouver Canucks, pretty much, you know, he got the worst news any athlete can hear, and that is that he's advised to retire his health.
I think it's like cervical neck fusion or I don't know.
Yeah, cervical fusion surgery or something in his vertebrae where i think you
know they probably told him listen you can get hit and be paralyzed right that's what i'm kind
of guessing yeah i didn't involve but i didn't know so you don't you don't know in person you
just remember playing against i remember him being a tough speaking of people tough to play against
well so he he met a girl from ohio and i used to date a girl who was from ohio and so we actually
ran into them a few times and that's where she communicated with her and i used to date a girl who was from ohio and so we actually ran into them a few times and
that's where she communicated with her and i found out he was a nice guy now my first impressions of
derek dorsett was when he i hated his guts he was like a matthew kachuk yeah the guy you want on
your team but i had to play against him he played for syracuse they had a little bulldog they had
kanopka they had uh nasty marassi Marasti. Juiced up.
Yeah, juiced up.
And then Dorsett and then one other guy.
Long story short, it was like you were playing back in the 70s
where if you got up a few on a team and it was late,
you were like, hey, let's keep this one tight
or it's going to turn into a gong show.
You're like, listen, if we're up 2-0 early,
let's not even make it 3.
Don't even make it 3 early.
Do not make it three.
You're on the bench.
Well, no, but we did want to mention him because he really kind of is a seventh round pick by Columbus.
Totally just became a better player every year.
It seemed like this year he had seven goals through 20 games.
Best start of his career.
So our thoughts are with him because that's something that's so hard.
I wonder though, later in life I'm convinced that if an injury ends your career, it's horrible.
But it's almost easier to take for some people because you couldn't do it anymore.
Physically it was impossible to do anymore.
Whereas a lot of guys who retire, they still feel like they can.
And when you have somebody else saying, listen, no, you're not good enough anymore,
it's tougher as retirement comes.
Now, I was someone kind of both a little bit.
I really couldn't play.
I was the same here.
But I really wasn't that good anymore.
But I also had injuries that made it definite.
And forever, since the past two years
since I retired,
it's easier in a sense for me.
But you also got to go
sort of in your own terms too.
Yes, I know.
You went and got back
to the NHL.
That helps a ton, right?
That's why his isn't even,
I'm not even close to him.
I would say you got closure, right?
Yeah, yes.
And he had a sudden,
it's like a sudden,
it's not your fault.
It's sudden death.
It's not your fault, Ryan. It really is, though. It's not your fault. It really is. Fuck you, man. Not you, yes. And he had a sudden... It's Ryan, it's not your fault. It's sudden death. It's not your fault, Ryan.
It really is, though.
It's not your fault.
It really is.
Fuck you, man.
Not you, man.
Not you.
So I kind of had a similar experience with both,
whereas when I didn't get a re-up by Phoenix,
I went to St. Louis' camp on a PTO,
and I couldn't get a job after that.
They released me.
We had a great time at camp,
and then I sat on my couch for a month and a half.
I was full on depressed.
I could barely get off the couch.
I felt like I was weak.
I felt something was wrong with me.
We were texting all the time.
Right.
I was like, I'm going to Russia, dude.
I'll trade spaces with you.
Yeah.
Well, we were both in tough places, right?
Would you play with stuff like this?
I got a second chance and got to go out on my own terms.
I ended up winning a Calder Cup, got to play two or four years in the American League.
And my last year in the American League, I tore both my ACLs in the same season.
That's amazing, by the way.
Well, yeah.
It's got to be some sort of record.
What are the chances?
But like you said, it put me a lot more peace because it forced me out.
Yes.
And then I was at peace with it.
I got to live.
Whereas if it was before where I would have just been shunned and it's like,
I'll see you later, scrub.
I was devastated.
Yeah, I know.
But back to Dorsett.
Just a guy that made himself that impactful of a player after, you know,
being someone that was not ever  no one ever planned on him playing in the NHL.
You pick someone in the seventh round, you hope it works out.
But by the way we talked about K chuck and you just said this by playing like a prick he made
himself an nhl player well that's why i wanted to get into it so i had to fight him a few times
when we were in the minors now he was a he was a decently skilled player in junior based on his
stats he put up some decent numbers yeah with a ton of pims always but but what most of these kids especially
nowadays don't understand is okay you might be have a sick toe drag and junior but when you get
to that next level your skill don't mean shit you're a plug dude because the high elite the
high elite skill in the nhl is fucking banana land i i i was just quote unquote skill guy in the east coast hockey league
and in junior yeah fuck my skill no seriously i know i biz when we when i was playing and we'd
skate in the summer and there'd be guys in a summer skate that maybe they're playing in europe
maybe they're playing in the minors and they're so skilled right in a high level summer like pros
and college guys skate these guys would be so good.
And I remember people would say, why don't you think that guy makes it?
I'm like, well, for him to make it, you'd have to be a top two line guy in the NHL.
And it sounds kind of hard-o, but you have no idea the top six forward skills in the NHL.
It's fucking nuts.
You're watching a guy skate around and hang him, toe drag someone.
It's not even on the same planet.
I wouldn't even have nightmares
about fighting guys the day of games.
I'd have nightmares about
potentially getting caught out there
in a line match
with Patrick Kane and Taze buzzing around
like it's a fucking SWAT team
kicking your fucking door
and then they throw the fucking gas bomb in there.
You're like, what the fuck?
You're sprinting for the bench.
And there's 18 hundred and what is
there 186 top six forwards in the nhl so in the world the top 108 186 skilled players in the world
like so you don't understand that like yeah you're ripping up junior and you're but there's some guys
that have no chance at that next level and where i wanted to go with that was dorsett was smart
enough where he was a little guy he probably had some
skill in junior but he was like you know what in order to get to that next level i gotta fucking
i gotta add an intangible so he would get his face caved in even i wasn't even toughest guy i was
just starting to learn how to fight regularly and i'd be beating him up but you know what next game
he'd come back again like you look he's like He'd be smiling at me, and I wanted to knock the grain off his face.
But that's why he made it.
And not enough kids these days, I would say a lot of these millennials,
they don't want to do that.
They don't think they have to.
And it's just the overall culture is so much softer.
If something's not working out with a team or a coach,
they ain't battling through it.
They're calling their age and their parents
to get the fuck out of there.
They're calling their mom.
Ryder will be calling me.
My first year junior...
It's okay, son.
You're the best.
My first year junior,
I showered in a cold shower
because the rookies weren't allowed to shower
in the good showers.
Am I complaining about that now?
No.
That made me a fucking tougher guy
regardless of how small that was.
And you add up all those little things where they used to abuse me with. Yeah, you got to grind it out. It made me a fucking tougher guy, regardless of how small that was. And you add up all those little things where they used to abuse me with.
Yeah, you got to grind it out.
It made me a fucking man.
You got to grind it out.
I remember thinking that when I got tortured as a rookie in the NHL, which definitely doesn't happen the same anymore.
No.
And by the way, when I got it, it wasn't even close to how it was in 89, I bet.
But when I got tortured that year, all I remember thinking is I can't wait to be like a veteran in the NHL because that's what it is.
You got to deal with it.
You got to take it and you just have to deal with the shit and then it will be your turn someday.
And I'm sure if someone would be listening being very anti-bully, maybe they got bullied growing up.
And what I have to say is like, yeah, I'm not for that either.
There's definitely a line you have to walk.
You're for bullying back though if someone says something. Push back
a little. I think kids are so
non-confrontational because they don't
even know how to talk to each other. Everything's through fucking
text messages. Someone says something
and they shit their pants.
No, you piss off.
It's like, oh, I got bullied.
It's like, well, no, you didn't stand up for yourself.
I'm not talking in a physical confrontation.
I'm talking if you're 8 or 10 years old.
Just fucking stick up for yourself.
Well, you can make an emoji now to speak for you.
That's what they'll do.
Exactly.
Yeah, exactly.
Right.
It's like the new sign language.
In most cases, I feel like these kids are being told that they're being bullied as opposed to like,
oh, no, they're just being hard on me because I'm a young guy.
Yes.
Exactly.
That's fair. But we keep kind of just going away from dorset but long story short is i would say that's
a lesson that a lot of these young guys have to learn is if you genuinely want to make it to that
next level and you do have you think you have enough skill if you're having a hard time get
there just add something if you want it that bad you're going to put that mask on you think i
wanted to fight 32 times a year no i thought i was the fucking best defenseman in the world i was
east coast all-star defenseman running the five on three running the five on three john were you
johnstown or wheeling yeah we're you're trying to get on the story that ned haven told you about
when we were five on did i ever bring this story up on that let me finish the last thought yeah yeah yeah yeah this is what is is if
you don't want to fight or if you don't want to be physical and run around and have to compete your
balls off every night to keep that spot tom wilson's on tv yeah example of that you're you're
probably not going to make it and it's no one's fault but your own i'm sorry you just weren't
good enough skill wise to be that top sick yeah add a fucking intangible to your game yeah and if you yeah and if you really want it you will and it could be
being a shot blocker or being unbelievable on face-offs it's not easy it's not easy to be like
all right all of a sudden i'm gonna be a pain in the ass i'm gonna get beat up i'm gonna have to
fight it's not easy but you don't want to make it you guys should have dorset on and ask him exactly
how how much shit he had to put up with for that first year
pro he had because i know he was getting a shit kicked out of him and he would get up and laugh
and his face would be full of scars he'd still be laughing and i bet you he went to bed with
anxiety and took his pregame after anxiety but he wanted to get the nhl and he did and i'm i would
i would love to be friends with that guy i don't know him well but i'd love to have a beer with
him is there no bigger fucking hot guy statement from Joe Sixpack than,
like, oh, I could fucking, I could play with these guys.
Like, looking at, like, either, like, an NBA game or just some professional level.
I couldn't even, like, I wouldn't even give him the time.
If you gave me six months, dude, like, to get in shape, dude,
I could definitely go 12.
Like, it's like, just shut up, dude.
I was going to make it, but then I rolled my ankle
in high school.
Like, oh, man,
this one coach didn't like me,
and then I knocked my girl up.
It's like, yeah, exactly, dude.
That's Witt's excuse now.
Dude, I swear to God,
I set my alarm.
If my alarm went off
that one day,
it was my tryout, dude.
I had it.
It was in the bag, dude.
It's like, yeah,
all right, put it on tape, buddy.
I'll listen to it on the ride home.
So to go back to that
fucking neat,
this is East Coast hockey league story. No, actually, I'll listen to it on the ride home. So to go back to that fucking meat, this is East Coast hockey story.
Actually, I had a question for you about this.
So were you becoming a fighter at this point?
No.
No, not even yet.
Well, I would always fight about six to ten times in junior.
I always had a few screws loose.
I wasn't the defenseman that was playing 30 minutes.
Wherever a guy slashed me, I'd laugh at him.
You tilt anyone pretty much at any time.
You weren't doing that role of 30 a year.
No.
At this point.
No.
Yeah, because you're still playing D.
So my buddy I brought up on this story,
on this podcast a lot, Ned Haverin,
is playing with Biz.
Is it Wheeling?
Wheeling, West Virginia.
Wheeling, West Virginia.
And Ned is getting the chance to be on a five-on-three
against for the first time, I think as a pro maybe.
So he's like  they're snapping around the box.
Biz is on the left point.
He's the defenseman running the  or maybe the top of the umbrella.
Let me mention this is a very chippy game and emotions were high.
Okay.
So granted.
All right.
Either way.
Biz is on top of the umbrella.
They're snapping it around.
They make one through the seam pass
And Ned gets it
So he can actually shoot
You know
He can shoot after a through the seam pass
But instead he lays this beautiful
No look draw pass
To where Biz is just walking into a one timer
Ned doesn't hear any noise
Of the stick hitting the puck
And turns around
Biz has let the puck go on its own
Because he's squared off
With somebody at center ice
on a five on three me and lane manson he was 6 10 holy 6 10 was he really yeah i played in the
western league he was a mutant and you're like i don't give a fuck yeah and and this game was
there was slash it was the east coast league hockey east coast hockey the guys were baseball
swinging each other.
It was like a fucking medieval times dinner and tournament game.
Guys didn't even have sticks.
They had swords.
Cable guy.
Yeah, cable guy.
So we were fucking eyeing each other while we were snapping the puck around.
And finally, he fucking shimmy-shaked me.
Mid-513, shimmy-shaking a guy.
That's so cheese toast league.
It's unreal. And it's funny because Ned was a role guy with who bu yeah bc or bc and he never really got on the five on three he said it was his
it was so fuck this guy's playing power play he's licking his chops and i ruined his five on three
experience he thinks he's just getting the easiest apple of all time giving you a one t on the ladies
t so i'm donnie broick and Lane Manson at center.
I couldn't even get to him.
He was 6'10".
He was like fighting Manute Ball.
The Wailing Nailers, is that what's the name of the team?
The East Coast Hockey League was my fun.
That and the English League was my funnest time.
Did you know I got suspended in the East Coast Hockey League
because there was this little rat who played for the Reading Royals?
What was his name? We're going to have to look it up Coast Hockey League because there was this little rat who played for the Reading Royals. What was his name?
We're going to have to look it up on Hockey.
And I wonder where the fuck he's living now.
So probably in 6'100 after I beat the fucking wheels off him.
Anyway, he was a rat, and he would come after me,
and he would try to run me when I was playing 35 minutes a fucking night
in the East Coast All-Star two times.
No big deal.
35 minutes a night.
Thank you.
So I would get
so fed up i fought him so i fought him twice and i beat the wheels off him and i actually i think
he threw his shoulder out the second time i beat him up and it was in reading we were playing a
back-to-back with them so the next game for warm-up i came out with the team wrestling belt
that we would give to player the game i came on the ice during warm-up
i skate around one lap i go right to center ice facing their team stretched at center ice
with a heavyweight belt on my fucking shoulder we ended up fucking beating that beating in that
game and i he wouldn't fight me because he'd fucked up his shoulder but of course it's the east coast league they didn't have enough players so we had to play i ended up fucking beaten in that game. And he wouldn't fight me because he'd fucked up his shoulder.
But of course, it's the East Coast League.
They didn't have enough players, so we had to play.
I ended up getting suspended by the league and fined 150.
I had to write a check to the league for 100.
They're like, no cash, money orders, and food stamps are we will accept.
Glenn Patrick, who was my favorite coach ever.
I'll tell you another story after this about him
but he went to bat for me he's like that's ridiculous but they'd sent in the tape so it
was i couldn't argue it having the belt that's making it a full-blown circus this is how awesome
of a coach he was he was so old school too we had a sleeper bus with a water cooler and there was a
bunch of ice in it and his son curtis pat, was filling it up with the water so they would be cold for after the game.
And he's like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
And he opens up his briefcase.
He did not have one sheet of paper in his briefcase.
There was 12 Maddie lights.
He goes, put these ones in at the bottom so they're colder.
Dude, I heard stories that when he was coach of Wilkes-Barre in the AHL,
guys would come in.
Guys would come in to the  in Wilkes-Barre, you have to  I don't know if it's still the same.
You have to walk through the gym.
Basically, you'd walk into the ring.
Coach's office would be up to the left.
You'd take a right into the weight room and then the locker room.
Guys would walk in.
And now with Terrians there and all these other coaches, you walk in.
You see the coach.
You see the door open.
You see who's coming in when.
The coach is at the desk.
Hey, what's going on?
You go in the weight room and say hi to the coach. They didn't see the door open. They didn't see who was coming in when. The coach is at the desk. Hey, what's going on? You go in the weight room and say hello to the boys. With
Glenn Patrick, apparently, you'd take a right into
the gym and he'd be sitting, arms
out extended in the hot tub.
What's up, bud?
How you doing this morning? What's up, coach?
And there is a little bit of a level
of unprecedented
professionalism.
Jesus Christ.
In professionalism?
Yeah, but guys loved him.
Guys loved Glenn Patrick.
Oh, they would go through a wall.
And Craig Patrick was the best guy, 1980 Olympic assistant coach.
So he drafted me.
He drafted me too.
Yes.
No wonder he's out of the game.
No, no.
He's a legend.
So another big story.
Well, it's not quite an NHL story yet, but Seattle voted to redo the Key Arena,
which is the place where the Seattle Supersaunders played.
And, you know, they want to have it so we can have a hockey team there.
You know, basically, I'd say probably the frontrunner to get the next NHL franchise.
And obviously, the NHL and the NHL owners are going to want that franchise fee.
If they're a new franchise, they're going to have to cough up their say
and upwards of 600 million to 700 million now.
21 million a team, I think it would be, or something like that, right?
Yeah, whatever.
So the owners just get 20 million?
They said it could be upwards.
I heard Bobby Mack was on TV the other night.
It could be upwards of 600 million.
Bob McKenzie for anyone who doesn't know that.
Dependent on the dollar and all that shit and when it
happens. But yeah, you just take that number
divided by all the member teams.
Well, 31 of them right now.
And now they're just pocketing it. Which is crazy
because, I mean,
you said, I think it's 500 million for
an expansion. Yeah, I think it's right.
Well, that's what it is. But Bobby Mack was saying
it might go up. It might be more than that.
How would you possibly make that money back as a team like you yeah i think what it's
basically an owner saying it's like joining a country club like you're like paying a fee
yeah you're paying a fee to these other rich rich a-holes to be a member i think it's a no-brainer
um i think it's a no-brainer because they need a 30-second team. Right now it's 15-14. So the new team is a no-brainer.
15-14.
Right?
Yeah.
16.
What is it?
16-15?
82-82.
246 toothpicks.
Never been a math guy.
Won't lie about that.
Except for your 401K.
Yeah, exactly.
No, somebody else counts that for me.
I don't want to stay up all night counting.
One more in the West.
They do need one more in the West to even it't want to stay up all night counting. One more in the West. They do need one more in the West to even it off.
So Seattle would be a logical spot.
It's been long-rumored.
Kansas City is another city that gets mentioned.
Houston as well.
Yeah, Houston makes a lot of sense.
They're another city, I should say, that's getting mentioned.
I think just because they're a big city, they think they can accommodate it.
But basically, if Seattle's got an arena,
if there's a guy who wants to spend the money,
then that's where the NHL will put a team.
It makes way more sense to do Seattle.
Also, too, as fans, we like to play like it's a chess game.
Move this team here.
Or if you just move this team here.
But they were pretty adamant that Carolina is up for sale.
Peter Kamanos, who's owned them for a long time,
that basically he wants to sell the team.
He wants to make sure that they keep that team in Carolina.
So I know a lot of people speculate like they should be in Quebec,
and that's why everyone wants a squad up there now.
But it doesn't sound like the Hurricanes are going anywhere anytime soon.
There you go.
Just a little, I don't know.
So we should see what happens.
But, yeah, I mean, it's like we said on the show before,
it's inevitable, 32 teams, which makes sense.
31 doesn't make sense.
15, 14.
I just hope they don't give us some goofy-ass name.
Should be the Seattle Thunderbirds, the old WHL team.
If there was a Seattle.
They're still there, are they not?
Yeah.
I feel like they'd be gone by now.
When they named sports teams back in the 90s
and designed them, it was so cheesy.
The reasons.
They would call them the Seattle Grunge back.
If the NHL named them back then.
Yes.
I'm glad they didn't get them in the 90s.
I'm glad we have Gary now naming teams.
I guess he doesn't decide.
Seattle Thunderbirds are still a team.
A legendary team, I guess.
Sorry, Thunderbirds. So, Biz, what would be your normal. A legendary team, I guess. Well, sorry Thunderbirds.
So Biz,
what would be
your normal routine?
You're on the road
to come to a city
like Boston.
Obviously,
you came to do the show
with us.
Thanks again for doing it.
But what would you
normally do?
Would you go out gallivanting,
walk around the city,
take some sights in?
Museum.
Isabella Stewart Gardner.
I have no idea
who did the robbery,
but good museum.
Certain people
are sightseers
I'm more
I'm more of a culture guy
As the people
I want to go to
A good restaurant
In that city
I want to go talk
To maybe some locals
That you know
They could fucking
Tell me a story
That I would have never known
Maybe even if it's
About the city
Or just
I'm more of a
Going to a pub guy
Sitting down having beers
Telling stories
I don't really give a fuck
That that building
Was built then I respect that And I respect the architecture About it. I don't really give a fuck that that building was built then. I respect that
and I respect the architecture about it, but
I don't want to sit around here and stuff. You'd rather hear about a fight that
happened outside the building one time or something like that.
I mean, or just how a guy is like,
oh, I knocked out my wife behind that building.
It's just like, oh, gee, were you Ryan Whitney?
We got lunch earlier and he's looking at
his phone and he's like, so what is the
estimated amount of people in the city of Boston?
Is it 700,000? Is it 3 it three million was it 700 000 yeah but i meant as in the area like because it's
a pretty big city there's 4.7 million in the in the general area the metro boston area yeah that's
the met that like includes like okay well however whoever designed the metro 700 000 in downtown
boston the city the city itself is like 700,000.
100,000 rockets.
Yeah, which includes High Park, Eastie, the whole city.
Okay, switching quickly because I didn't want to forget about this.
We've talked before about Biz's documentary, mockumentary that he spent filming in Vancouver.
He sent it to us.
Not everyone's able to see it right now.
When is the general populace going to be able to see these
outstanding videos? Well, I know that you worked
last night. You weren't able to watch the entire thing.
What did you think?
Out of 10, what would you give
it based on what you expected?
It blew
my expectations out of the water.
It's funny.
I don't think I laugh.
I don't think I'm that easy of a laugh
when I watch TV shows
but I was laughing
I was laughing out loud
at
at that
like
the first episode
especially
and then the episode
with Morgan Riley
when the helicopter
goes to Lou
and Shane
like
let's just
let's just leave it at that
it's
people will love it
I guarantee
people will think
it's so so good The cinematography too.
Amazing. A plus cinematography.
Tell us, when can we see it? What's going
on? I did it with a company
called Victory. It's a social media
platform. To be honest,
it's been a nightmare.
They initially cut us a check for
35,000 to do this thing.
Based on production value. I would say it costs a lot
more than that.
People who professionally we talked to have said that it probably would cost about a quarter to a million to do that.
If you wanted to do it legally with like permits and all that,
we did it completely.
Gorilla style.
Yeah.
Gorilla.
Yeah.
It was me and a friend.
We wrote it.
Yeah.
Phil talk is right.
Uh,
wrote it,
produced it. We hired a little staff a little staff we we we did this thing
and it's a five episode series that goes around british columbia to the the main areas and cities
and we've been fortunate enough to incorporate 17 past and present nhl guys big names too some
hall of famers some some of the best in the game at this point. Of course, some of the characters that maybe some people do and don't know.
And whether they had small roles or big roles, we were able to kind of give them a script, sort of like Curb Your Enthusiasm.
It's funny.
And we've tied all the episodes together based on that I'm starting my media career and I want to come in with a bang.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Which you do.
But when can we see it?
Right. I want to come in with a bang. Yeah, yeah, yeah, which you do. But when can we see it? Right, well, now we're waiting for the music to be licensed, but the company has been having some financial trouble.
They're probably not going to be able to afford to license the music.
So hopefully we can work out a deal with them
where we end up just putting it on YouTube
and not making any money off of it.
Either way, it has to be out there but i hope you make
some money people need well yeah but what right now i put 20 in my own 20 grand of my own money
into it but i just at this point i work so hard on it with this guy we know it has to be seen
that took us four months of our life to do that i was stressed out i lost weight like it was
no i'm dead serious yes because you wanted to look good in the fucking speedo if only we know
of a major multimedia company that we could talk to maybe barstool sports i mean that would be great i just
think that i this was my gift to hockey fans because i feel like they starve for content
with nhl guys and nhl guys are some of the funniest guys but they're so shy yes yeah and i i that's
funny like i didn't know anything about Brendan Gallagher,
and he was making me laugh out loud.
It was good TV.
Shea Weber, how quiet is he?
I mean, there's some big-time guys on there.
And like you said, in terms of
Well, we can list them off.
Seth Jones was in it.
Shea Weber.
Gallagher.
Shane Doan.
Boyd Gordon was in the beginning.
Boyd Gordon.
Brendan Dillon.
Jason Garrison.
Yeah.
Scotty Upshaw.
Morgan Riley, you say?
Morgan Riley was in it.
McDavid?
A couple can't.
So we need people.
Connor and McDavid may or may not be in it.
Oh, really?
McJesus Hall.
McJesus.
All right.
Well, we're going to keep an eye out for that.
Hopefully it gets figured out soon because it is, I will say,
like must-watch TV for hockey fans.
I appreciate it.
I wouldn't lie to you, Biz.
Maybe we can, hopefully Barstool can throw it out there.
Yeah, absolutely.
We'll see what's going on.
Time for our weekly segment, All Right Hamilton.
And All Right Hamilton was brought to you by Warrior Hockey.
Warrior equipment is currently used by over 250 NHL players. Over 200 NHL players
currently use Warrior Twigs. 190 NHL players wear Warrior gloves. Top NHL players currently
using Warrior sticks include Brad Marchand, Nick Backstrom, Blake Wheeler, Johnny Goudreau,
Eric Carlson, and Jonathan Quick. Warrior actually sent me and Witt over a couple sticks and
oh my god I'm in love the Covert QRL
SE stick in white thing is amazing it features a new white black and orange graphic made popular
by players like Joe Pavelski, Dustin Bufflin, Patrick Eves, and Blake Wheeler the Covert QRL
SE features the same lightning quick release in technology as the as the Covert QRL stick were
released in 2016 and the look and QRL stick were released in 2016.
And the look and graphics are inspired by the sticks used by guys like Joe Pavelski,
Dustin Bufflin, and Patrick Eves.
It is a limited release and is available from Senior 100 Flex, Danatyke 20Fex. Now, my personal favorite, the Alpha AK-27 stick in gold.
It features an updated version of the classic Warrior AK-27 graphic
that Alex Kovalev used with the Montreal Canadiens circa 2007 when he was absolutely
lighting it up. The Alpha AK-27 is based on a pro construction that Warriors offered in Europe
since 2015. The stick is 40 grams lighter than the current alpha qx pro stick it is a limited release
and is available from senior 100 flex down to junior 40 flex and i think anyone that remembers
that absolute beauty alex kovalev remembers him with an ak-27 so go to warrior hockey and check
out all their equipment it's the best out there All right, Hamilton is also brought to you by Rough and Rowdy. If you've been following Barstool for a while, I'm sure certain
events stick out in your mind. Everyone has their personal favorite moments and there's probably not
that much overlap among them due to the pure volume of content put out over the years.
But one event is on everyone's list. It's on there because it's like nothing else anyone has ever seen before.
That event, of course, is rough and rowdy.
On December 15th, step back into the ring
with the natives of West Virginia
as they settle ruthless personal feuds,
slight disagreements,
or just want to prove that they're the best brawler
in the backwoods.
Remember the thrill you got from a fight back
when you were a kid?
Take that, put it in front of thousands of rednecks
thirsty for blood, and lace up the gloves for the most unique production that
will ever grace your screen.
All commented by El Prez Dave Portnoy.
In the main event, Barstool's own Dylan Tech Stone will look to avenge his debut loss at
the Rough and Rowdy against first-time competitor and pardon my take producer, Henry Lockwood.
Tension has been building for almost 12 months between these two fighters.
And there's so much bad blood between them, I don't even know if it'll last a round.
And personally, I would probably bet my life on Hank in this fight.
There is absolutely no way the situate southpaw goes into the ring and loses to Tex.
And look, I got nothing wrong with Tex.
Tex is a great kid.
He was extremely nice to the Spittin' Chicklets guys when he went down there.
But there is absolutely no way Hank loses this fight.
Team Hank, let's go.
Now, I know what you're thinking.
Times are tough, and you don't know if you could afford the usual 99.99 price of a boxing pay-per-view right around the holiday season.
But we've got you covered.
Rough and Rowdy 1 is available for only 9.99.
It's one-tenth the price of the biggest fights in the world, but ten times more exciting.
You do not want to miss this.
RoughandRowdyBrawl.com.
These are skits specifically to visit biz if I'm not mistaken.
Yep.
All right, so Chase McCann asks,
did either of you fellas ever bingo on your own net and how rattled would you be if a teammate scored on your own net?
All right, Hamilton.
I scored on my own net in double overtime of the Hockey East Championship game.
What?
Like deflected in or off?
Like you shot it in?
It was deflection.
I think it was Tyson Toplitsky, his name was, defenseman.
Drove wide, threw a backhand like sauce towards the net, hit my stick and tipped shelf.
And the garden was packed.
It was so brutal.
And then the next year, we went up to play UNH.
There was two dudes in the front row student section
with UNH Whitney jerseys on, wearing them backwards.
So I actually got a kick out of that one.
That was my, yeah, I had a horrific football.
See, I don't see that as, are you talking about?
Like sniping one?
Kind of like the other night in Edmonton?
Yeah.
Yeah, I've never yeah yeah that was bad
i've never had one yet there was a guy a few years ago who legit off the face off was trying to
rim it around and he took a bomb right in his own net in the nhl in the nhl there's really i want to
say it's happened a few times and of course the i don't even happen with the bruins it happened
with the bruins one time really i i always get get a kick more out of when the goalies pull
and you try to throw in sauce to the D
and you snipe on your own net that way.
That one is...
It's a slow death.
It's a slow death.
It's 200 feet of, are you shitting me right now?
I'm catching a minus and I'm not getting a point.
That Bruins did that, I remember, a couple years back.
I didn't remember that.
It doesn't happen too often, but it's...
How about the one with Edmonton when the guy...
It was like the conference finals, and the guy banked it off.
Steve Smith, he coached me.
Yes.
My D coach in Edmonton, he, against Calgary, game seven overtime,
banked it in off...
I don't know if it was Grant Fhrer, but it was a goalie.
Shot it, like, yeah, that was...
Might have been Bill Radford.
He's the man, too.
Smith, he's a great guy. He had a hell of a careerie. Shot it. Yeah, that was... Might have been Bill Radford. He's the man, too. Smitty's a great guy.
He had a hell of a career.
That was terrific.
Could you imagine if you did that in today's age,
how roasted you would get on social?
Oh, dude.
You'd be like Buckner.
By the way, how about Buckner moved to Idaho
before social media?
Imagine it now.
Oh, man.
Same with Bartman.
Don't let shit down.
All right, what do we got next?
Sorry.
That's all right.
We come off the rails a lot on this show.
We could just sit here for five hours.
Now I got a kid.
Not a big deal.
All right, Matthew Lashbrook asks,
if a team offered you two sheets a year times four to come out of retirement,
but you had to Donnybrook Big Z one time a year, would you do it?
No turtling either.
All right, Hamilton.
Yeah, what do you mean?
Look at my face. God, Biz would do it? No turtling either. All right, Hamilton. Yeah, what do you mean? Look at my face.
Oh my God,
Biz would do it for free.
I 100 would do it.
Twice a year you have to fight him?
So eight fights against Chara
for eight million?
Well, keep in mind though,
you're going to have to deal with
also going back to social media,
the online abuse
that you got a contract.
The bullying?
What a bum,
like dumbest contract.
They signed Whitney to fight Chara?
That's going to be fun TV.
Actually, if you hate me, you just get to see me get my head punched in.
I mean, I would do it if I had to fight him every night for that money.
I think about Chara, too.
I mean, unless he, like...
I'd let him dip his knuckles in razor blades.
He goes easy on you.
Unless you really piss him off.
Like, Chara doesn't, like, pump you.
I know. Right, but it was a hypothetical, off. Jara doesn't like Pumbia. I know.
Right, but it was a hypothetical, Ari.
Like, fucking roll with it.
It's like, yeah, man, I'll do it because I know he's going to take it easy on me.
He'll throw a couple punches.
Yeah, Ari's going into the real life where it's like, hey, I'll take one and he'll just be like, let me down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like, you beat me, dude.
I would legit let it be like Bloodsport where he gets to dip his knuckles in glass and come out and cut me up.
Would you let somebody snap both your arms
while you're awake?
I'd let him cut the foreskin off my dick
with his fucking blade on his skate
for fucking 2 million a year.
For 200 a year.
Dude, I played in the American League.
Of course I would fucking let him do that.
Oh, my.
All right, what else we got?
All right, so it says,
Biz and Wit, have you ever been chirped hard by a ref or a liney?
All right, Hamilton.
Whatever what?
Have you ever been chirped hard by a ref or a linesman?
No, I would always give them water bottles.
Yeah, they were like my buddies, I hope.
Actually, I yelled at one about an offside call.
He missed an offside, and I screamed at him.
And Recchi, after, was like, that guy's been a ref for like 20 years.
Go apologize to him after the game.
And I had to go apologize to him.
But I wasn't like chirping him.
I was more just like he missed a call type thing.
I was always sympathetic.
I was always sympathetic towards refs and all the bullying they had to do with,
especially the guys that play a lot
and and especially even more so centerman if they drop the puck wrong centerman from all game
fuck yeah you fucking your wife's probably fucking 20 of the players like you're just like holy shit
like jesus all he did was drop the puck side with just feeding him his lunch yeah so i would i would
go the other way the only ref i was pissed off about was the one who gave me a 10 game suspension when he said
i came off the bench to go who was that it was in pre-season when domi was changing and then i came
on and he was a young guy and he saw this line brawl start so he was like oh shit i better get
in there i don't want the guys to hate me for not yeah yeah so we had too many guys on the ice and
they said i jumped on so So I ended up fucking-
Low-hanging fruit right there, dude.
So I was going to lose 70 grand, but we fought it, and they said, okay, will you settle for
three, or do you still want to take it to Arb?
And I said, fuck it.
And I lost.
It cost me 10 grand.
Your penalty was to have to pay the 20 grand for your mockumentary.
Give me a yo.
Hey, that's a
sense of subject.
Is that it?
No, it's unreal.
I was just kidding.
Is that it, Mikey?
Any more?
Yeah, we got one more.
Crooksy wants to know
about your music video cameo
while playing in Wheeling.
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, that's a great video.
Wow.
Oh, I would actually,
I haven't seen,
I'm going to watch that tonight.
I forget what the name of it is.
MySpace Love Ship?
MySpace Love Ship.
That was when social media started.
And that was all Curtis... Curtis Patrick.
Two mentions for Curtis Patrick today.
Glenn Patrick's son is extremely talented.
He would play the keyboard.
He could play any instrument.
And Ned's in that.
Ned's in it.
We incorporated the whole team.
It all came back together this episode.
It did, didn't it?
Holy shit.
So wait, East Coast League made a team video?
They made a legit music video joke about a guy.
There's one girl in the video, right?
It was about people finding love on social media, which was insane to think about back then.
And it was MySpace.
And it was MySpace.
But that's all that happens these days.
That was a really funny video, dude.
You're a one in a million if you didn't meet your old lady on social media.
Did you meet?
What dating app did you meet your girl on?
It was FarmersOnly.
Farmers.com.
That's not nice.
No, it was...
What's the one that cracks me up?
Is it only for Jewish people or something?
J-Date.
J-Date.
J-Date, yeah.
Yeah.
Black Planet.
What's the one for a lot of black people meet on it?
Vince Wilfork met his wife on it.
Is it Black Planet?
Really?
Yeah.
Vince Wilfork met his wife on one.
Isn't it like black people dating or something like that?
It's not that simple.
What if there was like a whites only?
Would that be?
It wouldn't fly.
It wouldn't fly.
No, that would be shut down, right?
There's no whites only dating apps.
But there's a black only, right?
But there's black.
I don't think it's called blacks only, but it's a black dating site.
And Vince Wilcox met his wife on there.
I could be making that up, but I'm pretty sure.
What if Napoleon Dynamite's brother wanted to jump on there?
So how about I never...
I was out of that game, but now I've been told that one of the apps is just to whack
and one of the apps is to get a girlfriend.
Well, Bumble has...
So I've never done these, surprisingly.
A lot of people thought I'd probably...
And even when I was big into Twitter
and Instagram, I wasn't getting a ton of kills off that.
You don't want to be throwing your name
out there. But I ask a lot of questions because I'm
very interested in what these guys are up to.
Yeah, same here. I ask Grinnellian shit and I don't know anything about them.
So Bumble is the girl has to accept you
which makes it a lot more classier and if you're
A scrub you're
Straight up gamer yeah
Like fat ugly guys
I'm just gonna drill this slop tart tonight
Never talk to she's like a
10 she's like involved with the community and shit
I don't want anyone to know
I like disgusting man oh like huge
Bushes and fucking saggy
Ball sack anyway sorry keep going It's I don disgusting, man. Oh, the huge bushes and fucking saggy ball sack.
Anyway, sorry.
Keep going.
It's, I don't know, man.
I can't imagine just meeting someone you never, like, talk to and just, I don't know. No, it's fun.
It's fun.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah, maybe you get my fucking applause.
I mean, if you're young or not even, if you're single and you're waffled and you get on one
of those, that is unbelievable, I would say.
Late night, they're bad news.
Leave the bar and you have that?
Like, are you kidding me?
Like, that's just, it just adds another element.
Definitely makes people lazier in clubs and bars, though,
I bet you, talking to people,
because they're just like on that the whole time.
Well, that's life to where it's gotten.
Think about professional athletes, too,
when they go city to city.
It makes it so much easier for them as well.
They don't even have to go to the bar.
But it does open you up for a lot of problems
on the other side of that.
It opens you up for getting embarrassed.
Screenshots.
Yeah, unless you're Tiger.
I mean, Tiger looks great now after that came out.
Actually, you know what?
Surprisingly, a lot of women have been very negative to how much.
Other women blowing guys up?
No, no, no.
Towards the Tiger thing, women have been like,
oh, whatever,
all you people are back on his team
because he's playing well now.
What a scumbag.
Where I'm like,
wait a minute,
the guy had a sex addiction.
And I'm not sympathizing
the fact that he cheated on his wife,
but he didn't kill anybody.
The only thing he did
was he got married.
He didn't rape anyone.
He cheated.
He fucked up.
He's a shitty husband,
but that doesn't affect me,
what he did.
He didn't do nothing to me.
He didn't do nothing to you.
I don't give a fuck that he cheated on his wife.
That's between him and his wife.
Right.
Exactly.
Man, he was like a pill popper, and he was on a downward spiral.
I'm happy that he had his life back.
Team Tiger right here.
He didn't even get to live as a kid.
He had a drill sergeant as an old man, and he was like like the who's the football player the robo guy
he was like that as a golfer but he actually panned out yeah that's very true so uh well
um no i mean i'm trying to think oh i wanted to say quickly uh i mean the show shows the
dui thing ain't cool because you're putting other people at least but he i mean i guess
it doesn't matter if you can't see straight yeah it doesn't matter how you can't see if you can't i don't
sympathize him for that but he had an issue he had a problem like hopefully he resolved the ambient
um sexist show talk show i was tv show news uh qb1 on go90.com you guys heard of this no the
fuck is this uh website i don't know where the website came from Go90.com
They did a 10 part
10 episode
They're all half hour long
They followed the top
Two
Three of the top three
High school quarterbacks
Their entire senior years
Last year
And now
One of the guys
That they followed all this year
Is Jake Fromm
The starter at Georgia
Dude it's unbelievable
These kids are rock stars
In high school
And it's following them around
Really?
Dude I started I watched last night The first three episodes It's really. These kids are rock stars in high school, and it's following them around. Dude, I watched last night the first three episodes.
It's really good.
The one kid, Tate Martell, I think, from Vegas, never lost a game in high school.
He's at Ohio State now.
You'll hear about him.
I just love seeing, like, I've always imagined, like, Texas high school football.
This takes place in Vegas, Georgia, and the other kids in Pennsylvania, but big-time high school football gets me going.
Oh, yeah.
And to see these kids, like, it's not real life
as a senior in high school walking around class,
and they have it all videoed.
Well, we mentioned, like, the storylines,
like the McDavids and the Matthews.
Like, I loved hearing that stuff.
The thing about all these studs,
like, let's say even Aaron Rodgers,
well, we never knew what it was like
when he was in high school because we just didn't...
It was before.
There's so many outlets now where you get to find out, and i would be so interested to see how these kids came up
yeah because it just didn't happen overnight i know and i love those stories and also speaking
to austin matthews nhl network has a show at three o'clock saturday so that's december 9th
i think it's about like it looks like it's about austin matthews life they have clips of him in
switzerland so yes check that out that's pretty cool which channel is that first show what like it's about Auston Matthews' life. They have clips of him in Switzerland. So check that out. That's pretty cool.
Which channel was that
first show?
It's on Go90.com
and it's called QB1.
Okay.
And it's 10 part,
awesome,
year long,
falling on these kids around.
And this is why
I find ESPN
is done.
It's because they
haven't adapted it.
Not done because
it's still on everyone's TV
but it's just different.
They're arguing about
race every day on television and everything gets turned into a racial thing,
and it happens on every single show.
Whereas all these other production companies are now going to find that raw action, like
shows like you just described.
Like BusinessBC.
Sure.
No, seriously.
Okay, sure.
Different type stuff.
But there's way better content now that's just online.
People only watch ESPN when there's
games on, live games.
Yeah, they drew people with sports and then they've gotten
away from sports.
Barstool should get more into the docs.
I think they've started to, actually.
They're getting into
that type stuff. Yeah, the Bills Mafia.
I haven't seen it. This is sneaky
and geeky, but it's a history of comics
that's been on AMC, Channel AMC.
I mean, I didn't even really own comics as a kid, but I like...
Oh, not comic comedians?
No, comic books, yeah.
But it's like...
Never read one.
But it explains the history of Superman, like how everything came together.
It's really interesting shit, because basically it was an industry that wasn't respected 60 years ago,
and now it's kind of
like the main driver
of so much American
pop culture
of 60 years later.
And every Hollywood movie
crushes it.
Exactly.
That's exactly
a bunch of like
nerdy kids
drew these 60 years ago
and now they like
the pop culture of today
so it's kind of
an interesting little thing
because there ain't
a hell of a lot
good on TV otherwise.
Alright well boys
that's a long one.
Huge thanks for
the boy Biz Nasty 2.0.
Man,
I wish I could live here
and do this every day.
I know.
Yeah.
Believe me,
it'd be great.
It'd be great.
It'd be great.
It'd be great.
It'd be great.
It'd be great.
It'd be great.
Yeah,
we'd be Joe Rogan style.
Four hours every Thursday.
Seriously.
People would love it.
He talks for four hours.
You ever listen to Joe Rogan's podcast?
No,
but I've saw some of them,
but he's a smart guy.
He has guests.
He's really smart.
It's pretty good,
actually.
Seems like such a guy you'd want to grab a beer with. He knows stuff about everything. He probably smokes a ton of balls, but he's a smart guy. He has guests he's really smart. It's pretty good, actually. Seems like such a guy you'd want to grab a beer with.
He knows stuff about everything.
He probably smokes a ton of balls, too, before he does it.
Speaking of.
Yep, so last week I was...
Should I mention my metal marijuana company, Sunday Goods, while I'm part owner in it?
There you go, Sunday Goods.
Check it out.
All right, everyone check out Sunday Goods.
I'm heading home for Thursday Goods right now.
Thank you, everyone, for listening.
Biz, you're the best. We love you home for Thursday goods right now. Thank you, everyone, for listening. Biz, you're the best.
Wow, we love you all.
Peace.
Peace out.
Peace out. Real, real love Just stick around, oh yeah
