Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Sauce Hockey.
We all know that hockey is more than just a game. It's a culture and a way of life.
The best players carry that swagger off the ice and are definitely known to have a bit of fun in the process.
Sauce Hockey has a full line of apparel that tells the hockey story from every level.
Whether you're a savvy veteran like myself that has been around the block or a local
legend playing beer league like R.A. with the boys, Sauce Hockey has the threads for
you. Sauce has the sickest lids around to make your hockey flow pop, and they've even
got you covered in the polo department. Their t-shirts are softer than puppies' ears and
feature fresh designs that will definitely help your off-ice plus minus. You know what
I'm saying?
You'll even find barbecue sets made of broken twigs and other accessories like their boxers
and socks, which are also A+.
To make matters even better, the beauties over at Sauce Hockey are giving us an exclusive
30 off discount with the code CHICKLETS.
That's right, 30 off.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Sauce also has the best t-shirt of the month club, which sends you an
original design from a part of the history of hockey. For only 30 bucks or less than a 24 pack
of beer, you can get a piece of hockey history delivered to your door. The club has featured
story barns such as the Met Center in Bloomington, Minnesota, the Yale Whale in Connecticut, and the
Ralph in Grand Forks, North Dakota, and recently did a tribute to Herb Brooks, USA Hockey legend.
Oh, and did you know one of our favorite reoccurring guests,
Commie, Mike Commodore, has partnered with Sauce
to produce his exclusive in-one apparel featuring tarp, sweaters,
and buckets, donning the legend himself.
If you love getting in one, you've got to represent Commie.
So make sure to head on over to SauceHockey.com to get in one
and take advantage of 30 off.
30! No joke!
By using the code CHICKLETS.
That's Sauce. S-A-U-C-E. Hockey.com. Code CHICKLETS. Why can't we be friends? Why can't we be friends?
Why can't we be friends?
Why can't we be friends?
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode Stevie Hines.
What up, what up?
David Perron, Blake Como, current player, Steve Hines.
My dad used to say, the human Zamboni, he called him.
He said he fell over more than any player you ever watched.
Mind you, I just looked up his stats.
Nearly 700 games played, close to 200 goals.
Steve Hines made Scott Hartnell look like Oksana Bayou
while fucking staying up on skates.
Mikey Grinelli.
Oh, you agree?
He did fall over and skate?
Oh, Hines, he was a human Zamboni.
You couldn't highly read his number because he had fucking snow on his back
all the time.
But it's funny.
We do our little bit there with a player number corresponding to the episode which is going to get tougher and
tougher as we get up especially when we get the triple digits but hi steve hines he would spell
that a little different than the ketchup number when you were at intramurals in college yeah
exactly but the that was my number in college no but the bruins wouldn't let him wear not number
57 because he wanted to wear hines 57 because he was a big catch-up guy.
And we talked before.
You said Harrison.
Yeah.
The high numbers.
And we looked at his thing and totally forgot.
It's just funny the stuff you lose to the dustbin of your brain.
He was actually claimed by Columbus in the expansion draft.
That's something you do not remember.
Even Bruins fans, I would guess, wouldn't be able to tell you that Steve Heinz played for the Blue Jackets.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm pretty diehard and I able to tell you that Steve Hines played for the Blue Jackets. Yeah, I mean, I'm
pretty die-hard and I couldn't remember fucking that he played
65 games there. But yeah, he wore a Hines
57 jersey, which is hilarious. And by the way,
if you own a restaurant
or a bar and you don't serve Hines ketchup,
you're a scumbag. You're a fucking dirtbag.
We're never coming there.
They put like Hunts there.
Brian Yandel?
The worst. But the worst is
there's some takeout places around here.
You get it.
And you got like, it's like watered.
It's like tomato soup.
It's fucking disgusting.
So Steve Hines ketchup all the way.
Steve Hines ketchup.
Speaking of Bruins, obligatory mention to Wednesday night's game.
I mean, we got to mention Brad Marchand.
Took over.
Took over.
I mean, the Bruins look like crap all game.
I bet him.
He looked like, nice.
I had him puck line. Wah, wah. Me too. But at least like crap all game. I bet them. He looked like, nice, I had him puck line.
Wah, wah.
Me too.
I always take less in the puck line, so I'm like, well, you lose one.
But I told my brother, and he's like, yeah, I'll just take him puck line.
Yeah, fucking.
They were dead.
But by the end of the game, Marshawn, he did what MVP candidates do, no?
Yeah.
I mean, he's been so good.
I mean, what is he at?
He has 12 goals in 20 games.
He's over a point per game by a good margin, 25 points in 20 games.
And he, I mean, his name was thrown up.
I mean, not thrown up, thrown out in terms of like last year, MVP candidate.
And he kept turning on late in the year.
And you're kind of throwing his name out there.
And then this year, people said before the season, I think I saw John Bucciaross say before the year.
I could be making up his name.
Somebody out there said that he could be an MVP guy this year.
And that's what he looks like.
I mean, the other night,
the pass he made to Pasternak
is so filthy.
It's funny.
Watching that six on five
as they pulled Rask.
By the way, you notice
two things about goalies being pulled.
One, it's happening earlier.
I've noticed.
Yeah, the Patrick Watt effect.
Patrick Roy.
I've got to actually maybe be a big journalist
and maybe call some players that I know in the league.
And I feel like teams are now shooting for the empty net.
I feel like everyone's going for the empty net.
It used to be like if you went for the empty net, you selfish prick,
you just want a point, just chip it off the glass and out.
Now I don't know if they've figured out that mathematically
it's like you're just as likely to blow
the lead in terms of trying to lose a faceoff
or score the goal from the other end of the
ice, but I feel like teams are trying to score
more, but when they did get the goalie pulled,
Marchand has his head up
the entire time. You know that they're
trying to get it over to him, but
Krug had some unreal plays in that game too.
I think he's looked awesome, but
Marchand makes that pass.
That's just an amazing play.
Right away, Pasternak points at him.
You can tell I didn't do anything besides just put in the empty net.
Right, right.
And then the goal he scores in overtime, which, by the way, didn't even get
I saw it was on top 10 on  I don't know if it was ESPN or something.
They didn't even really show Krejci's pass.
It was a backhand saucer-like pass, head high, that landed
flat as a board, right on his stick.
Marchand reached out a little bit to grab it
and beat the defenseman.
I don't know who he beat, actually. Could have been a forward three-on-three.
Weighted out Jimmy Howard and just
shelf barred in.
Just a couple plays by a guy who is
one of the best forwards in the league.
That gets my A2-D2 description.
Beep, boop, boop, beep, boop.
See, that's current days.
I'm not a Star Wars guy, but that's going on right now, right?
We'll get to that a little later.
That's my phone.
After the AI rages.
Brand new iPhone X.
Have you seen the animojis, the emojis?
No.
My favorite things in the world.
Dude, I'm the pig all the time.
I stay true to my roots.
I'm the pig.
I did the unicorn.
You've got to get the iPhone X.
This animal will make your faces.
I can't even describe it.
Grinnell, I mean, it's incredible.
I'll do it, and I'll show it to you guys while you're on the air.
Would they knock on your for that?
Are you subsidized?
A thousand bucks is not a big deal.
Am I subsidized?
Yeah, no.
If you've had ATT and an iPhone long enough, they subsidize you.
Oh, so I had Verizon, and They said if I sent my phone back,
they'd give me 300 bucks.
I haven't done that.
I haven't got around to that.
But I think I'll try to.
Did you get AppleCare?
Did I get AppleCare?
Yeah.
It's like a two-year program or something.
But spend the extra 50 bucks
for the water protection, dude.
Because if you fucking...
You could bring this thing in the water.
Huh?
You could bring it in the water.
Fuck, really, dude?
Ray Crinelli? I don't think so.
My wife told me I could bring it in the shower. I'm like, what are you trying to get me to do?
Bring my phone in the shower, but I think
you can get water on this thing, dude.
Let's try it out. It could be completely made up.
I think they're water-resistant, but you can't...
Yeah, yeah, not submersible.
Not submersible, but you can get a little rain on them.
Either way, these animal emojis.
Fire.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh, my God.
We're on a fucking beat track.
Bad radio.
Going back to your empty net thing.
Honestly, I think you're just betting the puck line more so you're noticing more fucking
pucks that are going wide.
That could be it, but I just feel like I keep seeing it.
When there's a two-goal lead, it makes sense.
Listen, try to bury it. Put them away.
But the one-goal lead, I've seen a lot of icings this year
and guys trying to score,
and then not really looks from the coach or anything.
Yeah, and it killed Detroit last night.
You got a bad ice in the guy.
The guy was a foot from the red line.
Yeah, that was just a really bad play.
But the Bruins, I mean, they feel good.
I think they're 9-2 in their last 11.
We can't cheat for talking about the local team, but that's who we see the most.
And they're a team who, you know, not a lot of people expected much,
but they're sitting in a playoff spot, not even a wild card spot.
I mean, I don't think their division's great.
You know what else I wanted to mention?
And there was snow last night, so, you know, you say what you want,
but the crowd in Detroit is  it looks like Carolina.
It's been an issue.
The red sheets.
It's like  I know the team's not great, but Jesus Christ.
It's a brand-new arena.
Well, that's the part of it is because when you get a brand-new arena,
the prices go up, and the product's just not that great right now.
I think we saw a similar thing here in Boston.
Not the first year, but the first season at the TD Bank.
I don't know what the fuck they call it.
The Fleet Center.
The Charmette Center.
I like that one.
95-96 because I was at the last playoff game ever they got.
Oh, Jesus.
I think I was too.
95-96.
The only time I ever saw a wave in the garden.
95-96.
It was the first year there.
Within a couple of years, man, there were games I would go.
I would go cut the scalpers' throats at like 99, 2000.
I would pay 10 to go see, not the Bruins, but whoever was in town.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
You'd see a superstar.
You'd sit 12 rows up in the Lodge on a 200 seat for 10.
So, you know, the Bruins had a similar thing, but the product's just not,
I mean, not great in Detroit right now.
And, yeah, last night there's snow, and obviously that's a big, you know.
But prior to that, it's been brought up.
I said there's like a mall attached to the rink,
and a lot of people are coming in and going to the restaurants
and the attractions around the rink.
And people aren't going down to their seats.
Shout out to the Sky Dome in Toronto when you used to get to stay
at the Hard Rock Hotel and watch the games.
And then people would bang up. I never got to do it, but I always heard you did when you went up to tournaments stay at the Hard Rock Hotel and watch the games. And then people would bang up
in the hotel.
I never got to do it,
but I always heard you did
when you went up to tournaments.
And too many people
were banging in the hotel rooms.
Is that what was happening?
Oh, yeah.
They had to put a sign
in the hotel rooms.
Just doggy style as your bat
and you see some lady
on the workbench?
Like some people,
they would just, you know,
would have a standard sex in bed.
You could see it.
But then like every once in a while,
someone would have like
a broad face,
faces toward the field
against the window banging away. Oh, 100 legit. They would have like a broad face, faces toward the field against the window, banging away.
Oh, 100 legit.
They would fucking, too many people would bang with the curtains open.
So they had to put like a note in the hotel, if you're going to be intimate, please close your curtains.
Speaking of Detroit, I don't know if we've brought up Rasmus Darlene, correct?
He's going to be the number one overall pick this year.
I wrote an article on Barstool Sports about him.
You can check it out.
Humble brag right there.
Good job, Mikey.
Our college hockey
correspondent.
We'll retweet that one
out there.
If I'm Detroit,
and last night
on the broadcast,
who was doing
the broadcast last night
for NBC Sports?
Wednesday night.
I always do this.
Whoever was doing
the color
was talking about
Millberry, right?
Was it Millberry?
By the way,
people who hate
all those
It was Drager. It was Drager on the intermission. Oh, the intermission, right. And he's talking about, listen,, right? Was it Milbury? Oh, by the way, people who hate  No, it was Drager.
It was Drager on the intermission.
Oh, the intermission, right.
And he's talking about, listen, Detroit's kind of got to figure out, do they go full rebuild?
You look at a guy like Mantha and Larkin and, you know, do you want to get rid of those guys?
Probably not.
But you see what's out there in terms of offers.
But if I'm them, I look to try to  this is me sitting on a couch at Rear Admiral's place.
But I'm thinking about trying to possibly tank and getting Darlene, getting your future superstar defenseman.
You had Nick Lidstrom for 20 years.
You have this Swedish kid for 10, 15 years.
And by all accounts, from everyone I've talked to, scouts, GM, this kid is like the real deal.
They said best skating defensive prospect ever.
Ever, ever, maybe besides Bobby Orr.
But I think that if you look at that and you could rebuild with that,
and I know it's not as exciting as a forward, McDavid and Matthews,
who can kind of really score 100 points pretty quick.
Change the franchise overnight.
This is the type of guy who's going to be, by all sounds,
a two-way superstar defenseman.
So you wonder if Detroit's thinking about that.
Now, there's other teams that are probably worse off,
that are going to finish with a worse record than them.
But right now, it seems Detroit and Zetterberg,
his legendary career will be coming to an end in the next couple years.
It's where will they be then?
It's kind of a scary time if you're a Wings fan.
Yeah, they're in what I always call the Philly zone.
Death zone.
You're not good enough for the playoffs, and you're not bad enough for the lottery.
Ninth place every year in the conference.
Yeah, and you're looking here.
As of Thursday, 29 points.
They're only five points behind the Bruins for the third seed.
Yeah, but people say that, but there's nine teams you've got to hop over, it seems like.
Well, see, in this case, it would actually only be for Montreal they would have to.
Montreal, Florida.
Oh, yeah.
Because of the top three seeding system.
So it's tough for a team to say, we're only five, six points back.
Let's blow it up and sink ourselves.
And then even when you do that, you're not necessarily guaranteed to get that person you want to get.
You're not necessarily guaranteed the number one pick.
No, I know.
It's a pipe dream.
It is.
And that's like when people around here, like, say it about, again, I'm sorry to go back
to the Bruins again, but when they say around here, oh, the Bruins should blow it up.
I'm like, blow it up?
I'm like, there are a couple of players like that.
No, yeah.
They're not in blow up.
They're not in blow up sport.
No way.
It's like, no, man.
And like, nothing else we've learned the last couple of years is that, you know, we fucking,
you don't need five years to rebuild.
If you get a superstar, obviously it helps overnight, but you can rebuild on the fly.
Get a couple of different players in there and things change quick.
Yep.
Also, we forgot to bring off the start because we got on the Heinze talk.
We have a special guest today, a guy that I think is a real piece of shit, to tell you the truth.
But Tim Jackman sent me a special Christmas card.
I tweeted out.
I don't know if people follow me on Twitter or saw it.
He made a Christmas card with the dreaded picture of me having no head.
The headless defenseman.
And he said, hey, buddy, now that we're retired, we should be friends.
Merry Christmas.
Here's this card.
So we had him on.
We'll get to him in a little bit.
We appreciate him calling in.
But the other thing that I wanted to mention, and we've talked about him before,
John Tortorella
went
full torts again. The team
got smacked in the mouth by the Edmonton
Oilers, who have kind of
started picking it up, by the way.
And it came out this week that McDavid, for
a long time, was battling the flu, apparently.
I don't really know if that's
true, but he wasn't feeling at full health.
Flu shots are a scam.
But you've seen the past couple games.
He's been incredible.
He had a game in Toronto where it was maybe
one of the best games I've ever seen a forward have,
and he didn't have a point.
He was, if people got to catch that game,
they lost 1-0.
It was a great game, but McDavid,
you could tell something was going.
And then in Columbus the other night, he went
on fire, led Edmonton 7-2
victory. And Tortorella comes in
the media room.
You could play a cut of it. Mikey, you could play a cut of it.
I know you have a job to do. I'm not
answering any questions tonight. There's no sense
of me even trying to
answer questions about this evening, okay?
So, sorry about that. Have a good night.
Alright, listen. Hilarious. Okay, this is Tortz about that. Have a good night. Alright, listen.
This is Torts. He's always been that way.
It's December 9th,
dude. You lost the game at home, and you say, I know you have
jobs to do. You can't
just say what went wrong.
Are you that mad
over this loss that you're
so furious you can't even be like,
yeah, you know, this went wrong, this went wrong, I'm pissed off at this guy.
If you want to do it, whatever.
I think he's saying he didn't want to say anything
so he doesn't call anyone out, I'm guessing.
But how many times can you just be a prick to the media?
I don't get it.
And it's the same with Belichick.
People think Belichick's funny.
I don't think it's that funny at all.
I think it's annoying, personally. I don't think it's that funny at all. I think it's fucking annoying, personally.
See, I think it's hilarious.
And it's funny because I've had a media credential.
I've been on Deadline a few times.
I've had to go to coach press conferences.
And here's the thing, Wits.
You fucking don't need canned coaching cliches.
They never say anything interesting.
Like, guys who do it for a living, and I know it's aggravating them,
but to say, like, oh, this child makes our job fucking harder.
No, it doesn't, man.
Oh, I wasn't saying all this to defend media.
No, okay, okay.
I'm just saying, dude.
In general, just in a general human level.
Yeah, like, you're being a prick.
All right, okay.
I don't really care about the media.
I honestly thought when I saw that clip from Torts, I'm like, wow, he's maturing.
Because instead of, like, flipping out and saying something he'd regret
and being an asshole to someone in the media, because he's not mad at the media person.
He's mad at the game, but he's going to take it out on the media person because it's easy for him to do.
I think that he knows that he can't  he doesn't want to do that anymore.
And I think by stepping aside
Oh, yeah, Brooksy?
Oh, yeah, Brooksy?
Fuck you, Brooksy.
Exactly.
He wants to avoid something like that.
And it reminds me of what Milan Lucic a lot is that, you know, a lot of times it would be too emotional.
He really needed to cool down after games.
And that's not a knock on him.
That's his passion.
That's his fire.
That's what you want.
But, you know, I think he kind of learned a little later,
like I have to, like, decompress a little more before I meet the press
because, you know, you don't want to fucking make a scene.
So I laughed.
And, like, just to go back to that media thing, like, man,
you're going to get  why they media thing like man like you're gonna get
why they like the quotes is because you could fill three fucking paragraphs if you get a fucking
600 word minimum the coach talks you got three four paragraphs even if he's not saying anything
that's gonna fill your copy that's why that's why they're pissed because they can't fill that copy
they got to use player quotes but well but but you but my my whole thing is they're in first
place right now in in their division, right? And they look awesome.
And the other thing he's doing that is such a classic coaching move,
they signed Cam Atkinson to a seven-year extension for over 41 million.
So he's making just under 6 million a year starting next year.
Now, his season hasn't been great.
That's 100 sure.
He's got six goals in 26 games, nine points. And he knows he hasn't been great. That's 100 sure. He's got six goals in 26 games, nine points.
And he knows he hasn't been great.
But he scratches him the other night.
He healthy scratches him.
And I'm sure that there's a 50-50 argument for scratching a guy to get him going or letting him play through it.
Now, when a guy makes that much money, I'm in the sense of, listen, is this scratch really going to get this guy going?
If anything, it's going to really embarrass him.
So he did that, and then he kind of said, listen, I thought I needed to bring to attention
what's going on in his game and how he needs to fix it.
But Cam Atkinson's thinking, I just get this contract, and then right away you know that he's probably looking.
He's probably looking like, I'm going to see how this kid responds after signing this deal.
He ends up scratching him.
Now, I also understand he needs him to be better, right?
Hackinson's got to be good for them to end up kind of doing what they want to do this year.
And they have the team to do it.
Shout out to Seth Jones, who just keeps making steps.
He's becoming just an amazing defenseman.
Yeah, he's a great young American defenseman.
Maybe we can get him on the show.
Wierenski stood us up like 19 times.
Maybe we'll go to Seth Jones.
Just kidding, Zach.
Thanks a lot.
No, so we'll talk more about Columbus during the year.
But I do think that scratching a superstar, I'm not saying Ack is a superstar, but an elite player, to me, I've never really understood it.
It could always, and just throwing this out there, it could always be an in-house punitive thing where something that happened behind closed doors, we don't know about.
Maybe he missed a meet and overslept, one of those things.
True.
But from what I've heard from him, yeah, that's probably not the case.
It could just be
torts being torts,
and that's probably what it is.
But a lot of times
these things happen,
and they don't want to
fucking let the whole world know
that the guy was on a
toot-fucking-bender
all weekend or something.
They're not saying
that Hackinson was.
I'm not playing that.
But other players
who have done shit like that,
and then they're not going
to come out
and tell the media that.
Now, torts being upset
while coaching
a first-place team,
can you imagine
if he's coaching
the ottawa senators oh wow holy shit now they won wednesday night um i bet on him thanks rangers
appreciate that uh but things have looked horrible they've won two of their last 12 games uh dushane
has not fit in well nice assist last night i I will assert Wednesday night. But this team, for some reason,
and to go along with all of this, you got Eric
Carlson coming out. And he says his
quotes were kind of taken out of context.
But it said something to the
effect, I'm kind of paraphrasing that,
I don't care.
I don't care where I sign,
but I'm getting every dollar I'm worth.
And I loved it because he said,
because owners, they try whatever they can to pay people
As least as they can
They'll fuck over a guy
They'll send me to the minors
I'm going to get everything I'm worth
So I don't care if it's in Ottawa
If they don't want to pay me
I'll get it somewhere else
So you wonder where that ends up going
I don't really understand
How he thought they were taken out of context
They're pretty, you know
Yeah, I mean
Cut and dry quotes
And I agree with him
Absolutely
Especially with an owner who You know, like we dry quotes. And I agree with him. Absolutely. And especially with
an owner who, you know, like we've heard,
he might have low-balled Tyrus.
Kyle Tyrus, who they traded, he wanted
to stay in Ottawa. And, you know,
the management want him, but the owner doesn't
want to pay him. Yeah, he said Melnick, and then
Pierre Dorian came out and said, listen,
I make all the hockey decisions here.
So he kind of went against what Tyrus was saying.
And look at that. Look at Nashville, by the way.
We don't really need to get into them.
They are nasty.
But look how much Ottawa obviously missed Torres, man.
He was a huge part of that team.
And I'm not going to do shame.
Obviously, guys take a while to fit in a lot of times.
But, I mean, they haven't been the same since they got rid of him.
And it's just a scary thing.
And now, if I'm Ottawa, and I know it's... You don't really want to say small market.
I mean, I guess technically... So when you're not
selling out playoff games in Canada, dude, this...
Yeah, that was an issue. That's a touchy subject.
And it's funny. It's like a lot of Ottawa people in that
area, on Twitter, they wrote
into us and said, like, we live
just outside the city. It's just a city
full of dorks. They're all government workers.
And they can't give
the tickets away because it's a government thing.
And it's like 45 minutes from downtown.
There's not a lot of people
who don't like hockey in Canada.
Most of them are in Ottawa.
That's what a lot of people
basically convey to us.
That's what it seems like.
Yeah.
They were in the fucking
Eastern Conference Finals last year.
In overtime in game seven.
And you could buy a ticket
before the fucking game.
But if I'm them,
and we've seen Eric Carlson,
he's probably our favorite player on this show,
I'd say you give him eight years, 100 million.
Give him what McDavid got.
He is that good.
He really is, dude.
And he's going to get it from somebody.
So God help the Ottawa Senators and their fans if he ends up leaving.
Yeah, I mean, the writing's on the wall, I think.
I mean, is Ottawa going to pay a guy 11 million?
I mean, that's probably what we're looking at for the market, especially with the cap going up.
And if they don't want to pay him, you've got to think, trade him earlier.
Trade him sooner because he's a free agent after 2019 season.
Yeah, 2019.
So he's got this year and the year after.
If you wait until next year's trading deadline, you won't get anything as opposed to if you trade them now,
if you trade them this year, this summer, and you get a big package where a team at least has a full year
to try to re-up a deal with them.
So that's going to be an interesting subject.
Him and Drew Doughty being free agents the same year.
Whoever signs first, that sets the money for kind of the other guy.
It's exciting to see that these two guys, you don't see two superstars make it to the market really quite often anymore,
and maybe these guys won't, but it's interesting.
Yeah, it's good stuff, man.
One other quick note before we bring in Tim Jackman.
Loser.
We're talking about Ottawa.
Chris Neal officially retired.
I know he didn't play a lot in the playoffs.
He was almost de facto not playing for a while.
I know Bruins fans didn't like him, but also another great hockey photo was luci beating the bag out of him he's
cut he's split like he's fucking flat out lead blood pouring out of his face great hockey pitcher
gory as hell but uh yeah just a tribute shout out great career dude like hard nose pretty honest
most of the time i mean he had maybe a little straddled that line a little bit but he was a
tough hard-nosed player, a good hockey player.
If you were in Ottawa, a great guy to root for.
If you were in any other city, you hated him.
2005 lockout.
I think I've told this before.
Wilkes-Barre playing Binghamton.
Binghamton had Spezza, Vermette, Ray Emery, the goalie, right?
Yeah, yeah.
They had a wagon.
They were the best team in the AHL all year.
We took them down in the first
round, down 2-0. We won four straight.
But in that series, Chris Neal in Binghamton's
barn, I've spoke how much I love Binghamton.
By the way, people are calling me out saying, like, come say
it to our face. No, I will never be
there again, so I will not say it to your face.
Chris Neal ran around
that rink and injured four guys
in the first two games of that series. We lost both.
He separated a couple shoulders where guys
actually needed surgery, like torn labrums.
He gave concussions. He was a
savage. So playing against him
was hell. He never took... I've never
seen the guy without two hands on a stick.
If you could think of Chris Neal, he's skating around like this.
Just two hands on the stick, just trying to kill
people, growling at you
Jackman style. So wonderful
career and congrats to him. Yeah, good
job, Chris Neal. Shout out for
a good career. Now we're going to bring in
the guy who
gave us the headless defenseman
photo. He gives us some good
insight on his psychology of
his battle with Ryan Whitney. So now we're going to
turn it over to Tim Jackman shortly.
This interview is brought to you by Ruffin Rowdy.
If you've been following Barstool Sports for a while,
I'm sure certain events stick out in your mind.
Everyone has their personal favorite moments,
and there's probably not that much overlap among them
due to the pure volume of content put out over the years by Barstool Sports.
But one event is on everyone's list, and that's Ruff  Rowdy.
This Friday, December 15th, step back into the ring with the natives of West Virginia
as they settle ruthless personal feuds, slight disagreements,
or just want to prove that they're the best brawler in the backwoods.
Remember the thrill you got from a fright fight back when you were a kid?
I didn't fight, so I don't.
But take that, put it in front of thousands of rednecks thirsty for blood,
and lace up the gloves for the most unique production that you'd ever grace your screen.
All commented by El Prez, Dave Portnoy.
In the main event, Barstool and Zone, Dylan
Tex Stone will look to avenge his debut
loss at the Rough and Rowdy against
first-time competitor and Pardon My Take producer
Henry Handsome Hank Lockwood.
Tension has been building for almost 12
months between these two, and there's so much
bad blood between them, I don't even know if it'll last
around. I am on Team Hank
big time. I think he's going to pound him
and that Tex is a complete moron.
Where are you at, R.A.?
I appreciate the loyalty of your fellow Chichua guy.
I'm a big Hank fan. I think the
one disadvantage he has is that he's never
had a fight in his life. And that's
not even a physical thing because he could be
a fighter at Haggle. He just maybe never fought
because fighting is just something you're either good at
or you're fucking not.
And, you know,
he's never had one.
So I think Tex is going to have a big psychological advantage
because, you know,
Hank's going to have this whole
I never fought before.
I don't know what to expect.
And that puts a fucking
knot in your stomach.
I mean, we're talking about...
All right, so who's your pick?
Sorry, Hank.
Wow.
I'm taking Tex
just because he's a wild card.
All right, and everyone
has a plan until they get
punched in the face.
Exactly.
That's who you're going with. But. Exactly. I got Situate.
I got our hometown, myself and Hank.
So I'm on that.
Now I know what you're thinking.
Times are tough and you don't know if you could afford the usual 100 price of a boxing
pay-per-view right around the holiday season.
But we've got you covered.
Rough and Rowdy 1 is available for 14.99.
It's so much less than the usual 100 for a big time fight and way more exciting. You do not want to miss this. Order now. 14.99. It's so much less than the usual 100 for a big-time fight and way more exciting.
You do not want to miss this. Order now. 14.99. It's going to be amazing.
Go to www.roughandrowdybrawl.com. Get into it.
And now we're pleased to bring in, I don't know if I'm pleased, but I think everyone else is pleased,
to have Tim Jackman on the show, a man who pretty much had one of the biggest beatdowns of an NHL player on me, myself, Ryan Whitney,
and a great picture to follow.
So, Tim, thanks for coming on.
How you been?
I've been good.
Thanks for having me.
It's a pleasure to finally meet you.
I don't think I've ever even spoke with you except that night in the Saddle Dome and a few other times on the ice.
So, yeah, thanks for having me.
Anytime. You've only spoke to me in my nightmares.
I will admit that.
I would like to know from your side.
Now, did you get the chance to see my kind of breakdown of that incident and kind of me describing what I thought happened?
Yeah.
So I got, you know, after you got that on, was it on Barstool?
Yeah.
I don't know how many text messages and phone calls I was getting.
And yeah, I mean, I was crying.
It was funny.
I remember that.
Kind of remember that.
And so I've watched it a few times.
And yeah, we did. Kind of remember that. So I've watched it a few times. And, yeah, we did.
We had our battles, you and me, going back and forth a little bit.
So did you see the picture before this was brought up a couple weeks ago?
I saw the picture right after the game and was horrified.
Did you see it right away?
Yeah, I think I did. I think I remember
that. Like I said,
I got all these text messages and
phone calls.
I was like, should I call them back?
Should I say something to them?
My wife's like, hey, let's make a Christmas card
and just tell them
thanks for making our holidays
rememberable again.
So we made you that Christmas card and sent it out to you.
That's absolutely hilarious.
Now, let me ask you a tip.
Ryan, you know, when he gave his version of the story,
he said basically you kind of chased him around from the minor leagues all the way up to the pros.
You know, it almost as if you had some itch you had to scratch from.
Did he just sort of, like, rub you the wrong way?
Was he just one of these guys who had a face you just wanted to punch off?
Was there some story behind it that we didn't know about?
What fueled you?
I hate that you absolutely had to pummel Ryan Whitney in the NHL.
Yeah.
You know what?
I don't know.
I don't know what, you know, made my wires cross whenever we played against each other.
I think it was because he was big and good and skilled and and he could play that way and i had you know i was
big and thought i had some skill but i didn't you know i couldn't play that way i had to run around
with my head cut off trying to run guys over and uh drop the gloves here and there so he was big
and i was like hitting them and i thought hey if you thought, hey, if you're bigger than me, let's do this.
Finally, I think we were losing pretty bad in that game against Calgary.
I don't remember what the score was, but I was like, all right, it's over.
The game's over.
Whitney's on the ice.
I did notice, though, you made just a pass right on the money to Ryan Smith.
He was probably going to go add another one to the scoreboard, but it was over by then.
Well, actually, not a big deal.
I scored that game, and then I remember thinking, like, oh, I got dummied.
So technically, if somehow I sneezed an assist in there, I could have a Gordie Howe hat trick,
even though the fight was one-sided. But Brendan Buckley kind of connected us.
Tim sent me the text. I tweeted out the funny Christmas card he made.
And Buck said, I think he probably wanted to punch your head in because
Jacko was a butt-heavy, pickup truck kind of guy, and
you're a martini Mercedes type of guy, Whit. So that's why he just wanted
to dummy you,
and the time came when it finally came through.
Now, I said to him that, you know,
you have like the Midwest guy from North Dakota,
and he's, you know, the Boston Big Mouth.
You probably was like the perfect combination for him.
You just want to like smack him around the rink a little bit.
He goes, we all know Witt's good for popping his gums a bit.
Also, we want to bring in something else.
I just was kind of looking up your stats and your Wikipedia,
and did you know that you are the person to score the fastest goal
in the history of the NHL on his birthday?
Well, yeah.
You did know.
I did know, but when I was with the Islanders,
they gave me that award.
I scored on my birthday.
I don't remember what the time was.
Like 10 seconds into the game.
And then when I got to Calgary,
somebody looked it up,
and it actually is not the fastest goal on a birthday.
I don't know who has it,
but it's a fake award.
So that's not real, I guess.
But we can run with it, I guess, too.
Yeah, exactly.
Either way, I did score a lot of goals,
so to score one on my birthday that fast, it was a good day.
So what have you been up to post-hockey, retirement,
fill us in, a career that was, you were always somebody that,
as I can attest, was a real fucking pain in the ass to play against.
So what's been going on since you hung him up?
Well, so I got your number from Brendan Buckley,
because he called me right after seeing it and just kind of talked about,
you know, that you were a good dude and you're friends with him,
so I knew that you were a good dude.
But he's
the coach he's coaching at yukon university and i'm coaching i'm a student assistant coach for
minnesota state uh mavericks minnesota state university uh mankato maverick hockey team
and uh under coach mike hastings todd not there in blue and and i'm going back to school there
so that's kind of what i've been up to and i know i was talking with coach hastings about this yesterday and he's got a picture of your
world juniors team that you went to nova scotia and sydney with he was coaching you there and
that's a really good thing to say about you i was just gonna say he's um he's uh he's an awesome
guy i didn't know he was the head coach there that's great you're with him you gotta tell him
i said hi um i i do i do remember uh him
him being a guy that would just fuck he would give it to us when we played bad but when you played
well he was he was right by your side just a great guy and and you're the first player to ever play
in the nhl from from mankato correct yes yeah i was the first guy and then there's been some uh
ryan carter there's been quite a few guys that have been played in the nhl uh since and then david backus who's still playing for boston right now
so it's uh the programs come a long ways and uh the facility and what the coaching staff is doing
there's just been uh it's been really good and the community is is uh around it supporting it
so it's a it's a a great place to play hockey.
Wikipedia
apparently was correct when it said you did go back
to school after hockey.
Congrats to you, man. That's not an
easy thing to do after you have a career.
To go back to school and to a classroom,
it's not something...
I have nightmares still about being in college
and not completing the finals.
Props to you for doing that.
You had a pretty well... Absolutely, you know, props to you for doing that. But what are you at a, you know, pretty well.
Oh, absolutely. You're welcome. You had a pretty well traveled career.
What was that? What was probably the, you know, the best stop of your career,
maybe a career highlight. I know, I know Calgary, you, you had a pretty good,
pretty good run there. Was that, was that your favorite, you know,
time at the time of your NHL career?
Yeah. You know, they were all,
they all were kind of special in their own sense. Like when I was with the Islanders
it was my first time actually being able
to stick in the NHL for a while
and then I got a couple contracts with
Calgary and, you know, it felt like I belonged
there and it was a
great spot. I met some lifelong friends there
and then when I got traded to Anaheim
with, you know, you played
there, I mean, in the sun, we had a good team.
I mean, it was fun playing with Perry and Getzloff and our team.
We won a lot of hockey games.
And being by the beach, it was just a great time of my career there, too.
So they all were great in their own sense.
But, yeah, I think being on a winning team and being part of that culture there in anaheim was was pretty special yeah that was that is a it's a great place to
play and when i wasn't i wasn't on a on a really good team there um but but still like when you
leave the rink and in flip-flops it's it's a joke but when i'm thinking about your career and and
playing against you and i think about the picture that will haunt me forever was there a guy that
you ever fought was there a guy that you uh fought that you you ended up taking a the wrong end of No.
I was thinking of that picture of you.
I know that's a good picture for me, not a great picture for you,
but that's one not the best picture.
I don't know how many of those I have of my nose on the other side of my face
and blood coming down.
It's a scary thing when your head's inside that jersey
and there's a fist coming at you.
Jared Bull, I had a hard time fighting that guy.
He put my nose on the other side of my face when I was in Columbus.
And I was thankful that there was a plastic surgeon on hand that day
because he'd numb my whole face up, put my nose back in place somewhat,
and sent me back out there with two big black eyes looking like a raccoon.
So he was one that I had a hard time with.
There was a lot of guys, actually. I time there was a lot of guys actually i didn't
win a lot of fights so so were you somebody else's ryan whitney where they were chasing you around
looking to punch you out facing no i'm gonna guess no yeah yeah so hey uh so when i i remember you
at minnesota state and you know a guy who you know played always played hard but you know scored
offensively and then you got to the next level and it seemed like, I think even though you, you always were someone that was hard
to play against, you kind of figured out, all right, listen, I'm going to have to be a guy who,
you know, is willing to fight, willing to go after guys, protect teammates. Was that hard for you to
kind of transfer over to that type of player and pro coming from college? Or did you know kind of
the whole time your first, you know, you, you know, you left after your sophomore year, did you know
those two years I'm going to have to play a style in the NHL
where I'm going to be fighting and getting in guys' faces?
Yeah, well, after I left, I mean, Columbus talked to me.
When I was drafted by Columbus, they talked to me.
They wanted me to fight, and I was like, I didn't want to.
I was scared.
I thought I could play, and I just didn't.
Honestly, I didn't want to.
And after my third year, I got traded and traded to Phoenix.
I was back in the minors in San Antonio.
I was like, this is, the only way I'm going to make it is if I start fighting all the time.
And basically that's when I, that's what I did.
I just started fighting all the time.
And all of a sudden it started separating me from other guys that weren't willing to do it.
And then, you know, all of a sudden I was getting me from other guys that weren't willing to do it and then you know all of a sudden i was getting called up sent down called up and continuing to work on
my skill and trying to get better and uh some of the best advice well then i got traded again to la
i played five games with la and some of the best advice i got was from jeff solomon there's
president of the kings and um at the time, he was my agent to start my career.
And I fought twice in the five games.
And he said, you know, we really appreciate that you're willing to fight
and drop your gloves, but you've got to start winning your fights
or it doesn't feel good.
And I just thought, you know, that just made sense.
I had to start winning.
I had to get better at it.
And that's kind of how it all took place.
And then I just came to a point where
you know you were you were in the nhl it's like you want to stay there so you'll do anything you
can to stay in that league it's that it's that it's the place that you want to be and it's the
best league in the world and that was uh that was kind of the way i thought about things going
forward sim do you think that i mean that was only a little over a decade ago that you were told you
had a fight to do that do you think players think players at a similar stage of their career are being told that today,
or do you think that's almost completely taken out of the game?
Well, I played in San Diego in the minors two years ago,
and there was still some fighting going on.
There was still some big guys.
Bissonette was playing.
I played with
Brian McGratton. There were still some fights going
on. I think all the guys are coming in
with, you have to wear a half shield now
so it's kind of getting away, but I just
think
if they're telling them to fight, I just think
if they're playing with
competing at the level that they want to
get to the next level and they're competing every single night as hard as they can,
I think the fights are going to still happen,
and I think it still needs to be part of the game.
Obviously, it's not as much as it used to be,
but there's still going to be, you know,
it's just such an aggressive, competitive sport
that fights are still going to happen, I think.
Hey, listen, Jacko, we want to thank you for coming on.
I don't want to thank you very much because you punched my head in,
but I'm just checking the standings right now.
WCHA standings right now.
Minnesota State, you guys are one point behind Bowling Green,
a 9-3 record, so it seems like things are really going well for you guys.
So we wish you all the luck the rest of this season.
I'm glad to hear you're back coaching there.
I'm sure everyone really looks up to you.
Yeah.
I appreciate you having me on.
It's nice fun to talk to you.
Maybe we'll run into each other down the road here.
And you, me, and Buck.
Yeah, yeah.
Wobbly Buck.
All right.
I got one more thing.
Fuck you.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right on. Okay. Take care, guys. Thank you. yeah yeah yeah yeah right on okay tim take care guys thank you
thanks so much for coming on we appreciate having you on and hearing your side of the story it was
very interesting certainly from you know a fan perspective a guy who didn't play the game it's
it was really good to hear you outside and uh again thanks for coming on much appreciated
well thank you to tim jackman uh thanks for reminding me of a horrible time in my life.
No, you can tell.
He's just one of those hockey guys.
You say hockey guys are great dudes, and he seems like that.
So happy to see that he's at Minnesota State where they're having some success.
So thanks for coming on.
Number 10 in the Spittin' Chicklets college hockey rankings.
Yeah, it's because you knew he was coming on this week.
No, good for them, though.
So that's a guy who played hard.
It's interesting to hear him say that he didn't really want to fight,
and then it's impressive and always is to hear a guy say,
I wanted the NHL so bad, I was willing to do it,
I didn't really give a shit.
So great career for him.
Yeah, he said stuff that they're probably not telling young guys as much now,
and he had to go out and pound faces to make a career.
I also was really interested in him saying that,
who said the LA Kings president or something,
saying usually everyone in the room tells you,
hey, you don't got to win a fight.
It's just about showing up.
That guy's like, no, dude, you're getting your head pumped in.
You better start winning some of these.
That's when the pressure's really on.
If you have to win the fight,
I'm too nervous to even show up
to it. Now I gotta win it? Yeah, exactly.
I'm already dropping the gloves. Now
you're fucking demanding victories all the time.
And also, we had a little bit of a
Rocky IV vibe there, too. If you could
change and we could change. I think we had a little
reconciliation there.
I'd love to gasp yours.
No, I'm joking, obviously. And then sucker him when he's loaded at the end of the night. I'd love to gas beers with him. No, I'm joking, obviously.
But it was interesting.
And then sucker him when he's loaded at the end of the night.
Yeah, you want to fucking take my head off you cock sucker?
To get his insight on the thing.
And like I was saying, I was making the joke, I think you bundle one of his old girlfriends
or something.
But to hear his side was good.
How about him saying his wife was the one behind the car?
That's just great.
I respect that. That's great. I respect that.
That's right.
Absolutely.
That was a savage guy.
Quick team.
I wanted to mention before we go into All Right Hamilton is continue everyone betting the Winnipeg Jets.
They are loaded.
And the Central, by the way, with St. Louis, Winnipeg, and Nashville.
I said earlier in the year it's best division in hockey.
People like the Metro, blah, blah, blah, blah, Pittsburgh Penguins.
No, it's great.
But the central division is where it's at.
And Winnipeg has an offense that is kind of almost unrivaled in the NHL, I want to say.
The top six.
I love people gave me shit for it.
But keep betting on them and keep getting rich.
Yeah, and Connor Hellebuck.
He's looking like one of the great young goalies
in the league.
I'm excited for playoff games in Winnipeg this year.
The White House will be back.
Playoffs.
And it's great, man.
Like I said, it's not even Christmas,
and we're talking about playoff position already.
So this week's All Right Hamilton
is brought to you by DraftKings.
Hockey season's already in full swing,
but it's not too late to get on the action
with one-day fantasy hockey at DraftKings.com.
Tonight you can play free with your first deposit for over 5,000 in total prizes.
With DraftKings, there are tons of ways to play.
Choose between public contests with big cash prizes,
private contests where you can face off with your buddies.
There's beginner levels, casual contests, so you don't have to be an expert at this stuff.
You can kind of work your way into it.
There's a lot of big news. I mean, if you fall on the ducks get slapped perry those guys
been in and out of the lineup i want to make sure you're updating the lineup chris neal i don't
imagine too many people have started him but he retired so stuff like that you need to stay up to
date on play draft kings you're never going to miss out any on any of that stuff make some money
the best part you get to draft a new team each day. There's no better way. You can win cash just by picking hockey players, man.
It's great stuff.
So hurry to DraftKings.com slash Barstool to sign up and play free with your first deposit for your share of over 5,000 in total prizes.
Again, that's free.
That link, again, is DraftKings.com slash Barstool to play for free with your first deposit only at DraftKings, the game inside the game.
Minimum 5 deposit required. Eligibility restrictions apply. See DraftKings. The game inside the game. Minimum 5 deposit required.
Eligibility restrictions apply.
See DraftKings.com for details.
All right, Grinnelly, hit us up, brother.
What do we got?
All right, so in honor of Tim Jackman wanting to beat your face in for no apparent reason,
Joseph Ox asks, who's the one guy in the NHL, current or past,
you boys would want to drop the mitts with for whatever reason?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, Hamilton.
Oh, man.
Want Conrad Orr passed?
Conrad Orr passed? Someone you just want to beat the bag out of?
Because you can't say want to drop the gloves with him
in terms of you possibly losing the fight.
No, this is like drag to the woods and pummel his head
off the woods, Darren McCarty style.
That's no brainer.
Matt Cook.
Honestly, last night during the game max every time
maxified tweets like i get a little sad dude like because like he he just fucking it's just what
could have been man he he would probably still be fucking playing right now he was one of those
guys like not a physical guy he was so good unreal hands like and every time he tweeted he always he
still loves the broins and he's like this team it was funny he tweeted like i love watching this
team they're coming together they were losing and then they come back and won it was
like kind of confirm what he said but
every time I see him tweet I get like
it's sad it's sad that what what fucking
that fucking cocksucker did to him so yeah
and he didn't get suspended
he didn't get suspended I know
Matt Cook's my one through ten and then after
that I'll see actually you know what
fuck man I didn't think I'll
see him this in like Matt Cook's the fresher one.
Can I suck on him?
One with a left and one with a right.
Al Samuelsson and Matt Cook.
We're imagining things that I'm going to beat the fuck out of.
Who's my guy? I don't know.
Chip Jackman.
Thanks for that
picture. I would
say, you know what's funny? I've
hated, and I don't even really play against him
that much with that antoine roussel i hate his face but everyone i spoke to loves him i guess
he's the guy that's on your team like he's a great guy he's just someone you hate playing against i
just hate his face and how he skates around uh but he's very i mean that's that's what he yeah
this shows that he's good that i'm sitting here on a couch and i hate him yeah he's from france
he made it to the nhl. Who else did I really hate?
Let me think about that as we go through some other ones.
What about you, Grinnelly?
Easy, Thomas Buchanek.
Oh, that would be a good one, actually.
Stupid turtleneck.
His facial hair is always perfect.
It's always perfect.
Oh, he's got that stupid turtleneck and that French goatee.
Yeah, the goatees are out.
Goatees are done.
I hate him. There's nothing worse if you're a bald fucking 47-year-old guy with French goatee. Yeah, like, goatees are out. Goatees are done. I hate him.
There's nothing worse than if you're a bald, fucking 47-year-old guy with a goatee.
You just look like a fucking Mike Tyson punch-out character.
Clean it up.
All right, so LaRuby.
Oh, Goudis.
Goudis.
I'd love to sucker Goudis.
I can't stand him.
There you go.
That's my answer.
All right, so LaRuby asks,
What is one thing you wish fans realized or were more aware of when it comes to the NHL?
I know fans have a lot to say when their team is playing poorly.
All right, Hamilton.
One thing I wish fans realized more,
they're not fucking robots.
They're like actual people who are doing a very demanding physical job
that takes a severe mental, emotional toll that I don't think people realize.
And obviously I didn't play.
I'm just seeing this from covering the game.
That's smart.
People don't realize that they're people, man.
They're as frail as fucking anybody else.
I think people forget that.
Another shout out to Torts who also said he thinks the media now convinces
players that they're tired.
I thought that was really, really, it made no sense.
That's a big cat spin zone-to-backs and stuff.
Ari, that's said well.
I mean, that really is.
I think that there's two very valid sides,
and part of it is you pay the money and you can say whatever you want.
You really can.
You go to a game, you pay 150, you can yell at a guy.
You suck, Whitney. I would never do it. you want you really can you go to a game you pay 150 bucks you can yell at a guy that's how it is
i would never do it um i don't understand especially fans of teams when they're screaming
at like the players of the team they root for uh i understand why it'll happen forever and why it
does happen but more than anything it's it's like if you're struggling and you're playing bad and i
played horrible for plenty of times to understand like
you feel so bad you feel so low and like disgusted and then you just hear and like people say stuff
to you out in public it's like you can't really get more depressed at a certain time and i would
be in edmonton i told the story of the guy like chirping me while i was eating a steak you know
i'm minus 30 in my last like 12 games dude like You don't think that I'm rattled about it to begin with?
I've never understood that.
You're just kind of kicking someone when they're down.
Yeah, and you basically need to walk her to get around.
Yeah, I'm limping around on half an ankle.
Yeah, that's just something that I don't think people realize.
And you don't expect them to either
because when somebody's making 5 million a year,
I see a guy who goes to the game and is like fuck him i don't care he's rich and and there's part of you there's part
of players and i played with guys who were so good ryan malone was somebody who like he didn't give a
shit like it didn't really he didn't bother him and that's how you should be right it's just so
and i remember you know my father would be like well who cares what they say i'm like i i don't
know i do yeah unfortunately i do yeah i don't know. I do. Unfortunately, I do.
I don't want to.
Well, like I said, you're a human being.
I'm a soft human being.
I'm a sensitive.
I cry at puppy commercials and shit.
I can't really deal with me playing poorly and everyone hating me as well as others.
Now, you respect the guys who are kind of like, I don't give a shit.
I'm rich.
And I would try to say that.
But in the end, it's still like,
oh, dude, you still got to go to the rink and chuck a gross breakout pass again
and cause a two-on-one the other way.
That stuff happens, and you just hope that people understand
when somebody's going through a rough time, it does suck.
So basically, yeah, some guys are soft social, our kids and others aren't.
Exactly.
All right, so Tyler Bell asks,
what team in the NHL would you most want to play for right now?
And who would you least want to play for right now?
All right, Hamilton.
Who would I most want to play for?
Yeah.
Lightning all day.
Dude.
Nashville and Lightning are my 50.
I mean, sick towns.
The Lightning are a wagon.
We talked about them a couple weeks ago.
And I said, it's funny, guys. I was going to say Tampa too
because I love fucking John
Cooper. When I see him on TV,
I would love to play for that fucking guy.
He just relates so well
to the current young crop.
They have a lot
of fucking Russians on that team.
Does anyone know Russians better than Steve Ui?
There's a knock
on Russians even still fucking 30 years later about work ethic.
They like to pie any whatever stereotype you want to take.
But to get the absolute perfect Russians on your team, he has them.
And that's something I think obviously you learn from playing with the guys he played with.
It's amazing what he's done there.
I think that Vasilevsky has just like, I mean, he's that legit.
You weren't sure about it, right?
And he's just been like,
talk about good management of a team
and knowing that he was ready to take over for Bishop.
We've talked about this.
But Tampa's just, what a city.
You can golf on your days off.
It's completely unlike the Panthers in a sense
that the place is packed.
Now, I know the team's good,
but even when they're not as good,
the crowds are so different in North and South
Florida, and then
Nashville's so good. But Tampa,
you're not even talking about Yanni Gord,
Braden Point. Forget
Kucherov, Stamkos, and Hedman.
Look at these other secondary scorers, Tyler
Johnson, where they are going to be
an absolute mother
to get out of the playoffs.
And one more thing.
You know, Drew Ann.
They sat on him.
They brought him back.
Looked like he was going to be there.
And then, you know, obviously Stevie White played that perfect.
And they get Sergeyev.
Sergeyev, dude.
Like a guy who was picked above McAvoy and isn't the two-way player McAvoy is.
But offensively, he's right there.
If you're a Canadiens fan.
Oh, I know. I know. It's not good.
What else was I going to say?
Something quick? I forget.
I think I would pick Pittsburgh just so I could see
the crazy shit Sid does at practice.
Yeah, and see Gino. I mean, that's right
up there. That's right up there. In 30 years, you can just
be like, yeah, I play with them. Yeah, I play with them.
You too. All right. So
that wraps it up for this week's All Right
Hamilton. This week's All Right Hamilton was also brought to you by Quip. Let me give you a challenge. Find a gift that is
affordable, practical, and Instagram worthy. On top of that list is Quip, the electric toothbrush
that looks like it was designed by Apple, but without the high price. Quip is the new electric
toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibrations into an ultra slim design with guiding
policies to simplify better brushing
at a fraction of the cost of bulkier brushes.
It comes with a nice mount that goes right in your mirror,
fits seamlessly into your daily routine.
Quip also offers an optional subscription plan,
delivering new brush heads on a dentist-recommended three-month schedule
for just 5, including free shipping worldwide.
Wow, that's a great deal.
It's just in time for the holidays.
Quip is the ideal size and price to gift
anyone on your list. Nice little stock and stuff
for maybe you're doing something at work. Perfect
idea right there. You can even include automatic
brush head deliveries for a year to ensure
your gift keeps giving until next holiday.
The Quip electric toothbrush is featured
in just about every gift guide this year.
See it in Men's Health, Forbes,
Teen Vogue, Oprah's, O-List, all
over the place. Quip is backed by a network of over 10,000 dental professionals, including dentists, hygienists, and dental students.
Quip starts at just 25.
And right now, when you go to getquip.com slash chicklets to get your first refill pack free with a Quip electric toothbrush,
that's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chiclets.
Again, that's spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P dot com slash chiclets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Showed out to Russia out of the Olympics.
Oh, yeah, tossed.
Tossed.
Like, was I lying about telling you the stuff they were shooting in my body over there?
Nope.
They were.
That's why I felt so good. Every time I thought I could be back in the stuff they were shooting in my body over there? Nope. That's why I felt so good.
Every time I thought I could be back in the NHL buzzing around in Russia,
I was just hopped up on steroids, I guess.
Because that is a crazy story.
And it was good to see, oh, I'm drawing a blank.
Who was the amazing forward for Detroit all those years?
The professor.
Oh, Igor Larionov.
Igor Larionov.
Yeah, the KLM line.
Who came out and said, listen, I'm paraphrasing, stop trying to say everyone hates us, Russia.
Let's look inward and realize there's obviously an issue here.
It's crazy, though.
The Olympics, I was actually most excited to watch them because all their great KHL players,
who especially in this tournament would have looked insane because they're not going against.
The KHL guys they used to bring to play for Russiaussia and vancouver and sochi they are great great players and moziakin
and these guys you may not have heard of but when you get around nhl players they're not going to do
much right right radulov was great but this year it would have been you would have seen these russian
guys they would have dominated they were by far the favorite to win the gold medal and now they're
out and it's just crazy to see well when you have a you know live in a corrupt regime that has systematic doping scandal i mean if you haven't
seen it the documentary icarus on netflix it's actually he was tweeting about it's on the short
list for uh uh nominate it might get nominated for an oscar they what they do for documentaries
they have a short list and then they pull the nominations off that well it's on the short list
for best documentaries and it goes into extended like deep detail on how russia had this doping system for all of their athletes i gotta watch
this and it was me it's like they didn't really have they didn't have a choice like you're
russian you have a choice exactly like and and basically it's they've been so corrupt for so
long uh you know since the fucking after gorbachev left that it was just this crazy like huge system
of like cheating and they got busted.
So like,
it's,
it's really,
if you've seen that,
it's really not a surprise.
Worth watching though.
Absolutely dude.
Yeah.
Tommy was like,
I'm talking on Twitter,
really talking.
It's crazy.
You know,
well,
when,
when,
when,
when,
uh,
any country with the resources that Russia has,
you know,
commits to doing something like that.
I mean,
when they committed to making excellent hockey teams,
the natural way back with the Russian red army in the fifties and sixties with those training methods that you think, you know, commits to doing something like that. I mean, when they committed to making excellent hockey teams the natural way back with the Russian Red Army in the 50s and 60s with those training methods that, you know, North America.
You think they were natural then, though?
I do.
I do.
I think that it was, I think that there was a purity about it, as weird as that sounds
to talk about Russia in the 50s and 60s.
But yeah, I think they did it on a pure level where they just, well, honestly, you know,
their training methods were stuff that we never saw on this continent.
And they were training like eight hours a day.
Right.
And I think that they had the people.
You could argue, obviously, communism was communism.
But the people in charge weren't going to fucking cheat.
They weren't going to say, you know, you got Putin in charge, and he's a fucking bad dude.
And, you know, he's going to rig the game because, again, he's a former KGB spy.
He's killed people.
He's going to rig the game how he wants it, and that's what he did.
And it's interesting that I don't think those guys cheated at all.
No, I think they were sprinkling steroids on their Cheerios.
No, the last 20 years, absolutely, the drugs in Russia.
But going back to the Red Army team, no, I think those guys were clean as anything.
Yeah, so that was a story that was interesting to me.
There's something else
I had for you.
Last Jedi you must see.
Oh, I don't see,
I don't watch those movies.
I watched it tonight.
You're excited to watch it?
Friday morning I'll be there.
Oh my God.
I don't even know
the voice you're doing,
but this is one
we can't shit on him for
because this is like,
I mean,
are those the biggest movies
in the world?
Bundled Jackman did you?
I'm out of here.
Show's over guys.
Sorry.
Oh yeah,
Star Wars.
Fucking R.A.
It's going to pass 200 million
to open a weekend
like very few movies
have done it.
Yeah.
Star Wars,
man,
I'll tell you like,
obviously I grew up with it.
They,
the generationally,
kids have just
flashed on it.
Like Robbie Fox,
I mean,
he's 19.
He knows those movies
like front to back
10 times better than I do.
He's got a lightsaber tattoo.
That's when I knew that kid was completely insane when I saw that.
But to have Luke Skywalker himself
hold your forearm in your picture,
I mean, I got a picture with the handsome
brothers. It was
incredible. But what happened was George
Lucas sold the Star Wars
franchise for 3 billion to Disney.
And Disney's all about making money.
So they're going to produce, make
a movie. Does that disappoint you?
No, because they're so fucking good so far.
They're not just making them to make them.
The Force Awakens was a quality
film. J.J. Abrams did a great job.
And they're saying, I know, I'm
squinting on Twitter because I don't want to see anything about
the movie. I know nothing about it.
I'm seeing it this morning.
I'm legit like this on Twitter.
I'm wicked excited
because I want to go see it right away.
There's always going to be a
spoiler in it. They're doing a great
job on them. So you're going tomorrow morning?
This morning, Friday morning.
Will you crush a large popcorn Diet Coke
at 10 a.m.?
We'll see what snacks I smuggle in because I'm a
smuggler.
You're that guy?
You cheap motherfucker.
Dude, fuck that.
Do you think it's the greatest series of all times?
It's made so much money.
It has to be.
I think it's the greatest trilogy of all time because it's tough to make three good movies.
A lot of like, you know, The Godfather made two great movies, then a shit third one.
Other franchises have made two good ones.
But I think it's the best trilogy of all one. Other franchises have made two good ones.
But I think it's the best trilogy of all time. Caddyshack 1 and 2.
And yeah, like I said, we're Star Wars geeks.
They're going to keep making movies.
Now they're going to do origin stories.
You know who Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi is.
You probably know.
I've literally never seen one minute of it.
I've not heard in a long time.
And I never will.
I'm not a sci-fi guy, though.
That's why I'm surprised I like Stranger Things, because that's real sci-fi.
But I don't know.
I think now it's just me being stubborn.
So I've never been into it, and I never will.
Yeah, my brother was never into it growing up.
A lot of guys just... My father, same thing.
He would take us to see the most inappropriate rated-R movies in the 80s.
But it was like, Star Wars?
No, man. I don't do sci-fi. It was like sci-fi was off-limits-R movies in the 80s, but it was like, Star Wars? No, man.
I don't do sci-fi.
It was like sci-fi was off-limits for him.
Animal House was good, but-
Well, I wish you all the luck in watching your movie.
Thanks, buddy.
That should be fun.
Yeah, I'm really post-
Great movie, but I'm excited.
Yeah, I'm getting up at fucking 9 o'clock in the morning to go in town and go see a movie.
So early.
For people who don't know, when we started doing this podcast, I'd show up here at 10.30, me banging
on his door. He was still snoozing.
9 a.m. for you to go to a movie is legit.
That should say it all right there.
I've been crushing
diapers. I change diapers,
dude. Is that a new show on Netflix?
I'm a professional
at changing diapers. That's all I do.
But you know what? I sleep all night. Listen, when people tell
you you don't sleep, I go to sleep at midnight.
I wake up at 8.30.
She's got those tits out and
listen, he's sucking and I
get up and I change diapers. That's what I do. It's our
bonding time. But changing diapers
is no joke, dude.
There's shit everywhere.
Flying up his back, just
exploding it. And there's times I'm like
holy... The gag. Babysitting is worse than elephant shit. flying up his back, just exploding it. And there's times I'm like, holy.
Oh, my God.
Babysitting is worse than elephant shit, too.
I love you so much to be doing this.
It's like, at the beginning, they don't smell at all.
And now it's like.
Exactly.
You feel like you're scooping elephant shit at the circus
because it's like the wretchedness to it.
So we got one more episode before Christmas?
Let's see.
I'm terrible at math
Yeah, actually, yeah, wow
We should do a little Christmas-y episode next week
Maybe we can do what we're asking for and stuff
Oh, best thing we did, hey?
Married people out there
We did the no gift this year
No gifts
Oh, dude, dude
I know this is probably
Yeah, this is our first year
First year
Oh, yeah, dude
No gift
You can't, what do you buy?
She has everything she needs Well, I mean, I guess there's some things yeah. No, you can't. What do you buy? She has everything she needs.
Well, I mean, I guess there's some things she wants.
Yeah.
But you can't buy me anything because if I wanted, I'd go buy it.
Bingo, bingo.
So, like, gifts and you're shopping for people.
You're like, what do I get this person?
I can't figure it out.
Especially when you get 15 years in with them.
It's like, how many fucking times can you buy the same fucking handbag that they don't want?
You're just trying to be thoughtful. And it's like. Yeah, like, I'll stuff her stocking. Oh's like, how many fucking times can you buy the same fucking handbag that they don't want? You're just trying to be thoughtful.
I'll stop for a stalking.
Oh, hey now.
Me and my wife, it's funny.
Actually, me and my family did it years ago.
Me and my brother and my sister. I'm like, listen, it's a pain in the ass.
Don't get me nothing. I ain't getting you nothing
because we just buy each other. It's like a wash.
I like the family.
I go to the in-laws for
Christmas Eve. It's like 40 people and you just do the Yankee swap.
Yeah.
Yankee swap's great.
Shits and giggles is fun.
Every year, though, I get the worst one when everyone can steal your gift.
You know how it works?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I end up with a fucking eraser.
Yeah.
You'll end up with a fucking signed Whitney fucking shirt.
I end up with a Star Wars poster.
Star Wars opening scene poster.
This is my nightmare.
Signed by Rear Admiral.
The opening crawl is an epic start Signed by Rear Admiral. The opening crawl.
I puke on it.
All right.
Well, anything else up?
Friday.
All right.
That's it.
Well, the episode dropped.
Hey, everyone.
Peace out.
Enjoy your hockey.
Great time of year to watch Hockey World Juniors coming up.
We'll get into that.
Quick little trivia.
The guy who did Yoda did,
Man, Miss Piggy.
Hi-ya.
Same voice.
Oh, there we go. Yoda. Miss Piggy. Same voice. I come home in the morning like my mother said When you gonna live your life right?
Oh, Mama D, we're not the fortunate ones
And girls, they wanna have fun
