Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This week's episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by BetDSI.
Sports lovers, if you're ready to get into some real gambling action, check out BetDSI.com.
They've got over 20 years in the gaming business, top-rated business.
All the fellas at Barstool play there. They have all kinds of opportunities for you, football, basketball, hockey, baseball.
The election we just had, a lot of people made some big money.
I'm betting on the Donald late when the odds went way up.
Bet DSI has a great special.
Sign up today and get 10 of free play to try the service.
Bet DSI is also offering
a 100 bonus on your first deposit.
BetDSI is known for their
great customer service, fast
and easy payment of win-ins.
And as I just mentioned, various ways to
bet various games.
Hockey, you got the puck line. I tell everybody that's the
best way to make money.
The odds out there are way better than just your
standard money line game. You can pound the
puck line both ways if you like. If you want to
bet the underdog, play the goals with them.
If you want to bet the favorite, lay the goals there.
Either way, there's tons of stuff to bet on
if you're into hockey gambling, which
me and Ryan, if you haven't figured
it out from listening to the podcast yet.
You can play virtually anything at BetDSI.
Also, as live in-game wagering,
if you're jonesing during the game and you haven't gotten anything yet,
or if you did and you just want a little more action,
throw a little more on the game during the game.
In-game action is for the true degenerate like myself.
And that's on BetDSI.com.
You can play virtually everything there.
So go to BetDSI.com now.
Again, that's BetDSI.com.
Go there and use promotion code SPIT10.
The promotion code, again, is SPIT10, S-P-I-T-10, to get your free wager and start winning today. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 6 of Spittin' Chicklets at Barstool Sports.
Say hello, Ryan.
What's up, buddy? I'm up in Toronto. How you doing?
We're doing good. Doing some more media work up there, I assume.
Oh yeah, you know me, just a media savant.
Yeah, you're like a...
Up with sports then.
Jerry Thornton went back
in his media whore tour days, as he
used to call it.
Well, anyways,
it's been a struggle for NHL players.
The big story this week is injuries
to key players.
It's not good. I know.
It's not good for the league right now, R.A.
Let's just go quickly.
Troy Maniscus is going to be out for at least four months for surgery.
Taylor Hall, we just found out he's going to be out.
Johnny Goudreau, Johnny Hockey, he's going to be out for about six weeks.
So obviously injuries happen in hockey,
but it sucks when you have this much talent going out on the shelf.
I know, and it's really not good for Jersey and Calgary.
Tampa's a good enough team where they've been built to kind of be able to survive
and still be an elite team without Stamkos.
But I heard John Cooper say that he was playing the best hockey of his career.
He actually called him 91.
He said, 91.
I said, why don't you just say his name?
That was kind of weird.
But either way, he said he was
he'd never seen him play better uh with stamp coast it's weird too these are that's three
injuries now where he's missed significant time and they all are like fluky i don't know if you
remember when he hit the net in boston broke his leg missed the olympics yep uh and then he had
the blood clot last year missed close to 30 games in some of the playoffs most of the playoffs he
played game seven against pittsburgh and then this year which i to 30 games in some of the playoffs, most of the playoffs. He played game seven against Pittsburgh.
And then this year, which I don't know, have you seen the video of he went up against the wall against Gustav Nyquist in Detroit?
And then all of a sudden just came up like limping.
So I don't know what had happened.
But for a guy who's just a superstar, it just sucks to see these three fluky injuries that every time have had a miss at least half a season.
Yeah, it's kind of like, I mean, weird comparison,
but like Gronk, like a guy who's so good.
But, you know, it's not that he's injury prone.
It's just, you know.
No, it's just bad luck.
It's just legit bad luck.
But here's the thing with Tampa, though.
Their record without Stephen Stamkos is actually pretty good.
I mean, it's obviously you don't want to play without Stephen Stamkos,
but they have a winning record without him in the lineup.
Yeah, that's what I meant.
They're so good.
We just built from top to bottom because guys don't make as much money
as they really could have.
Stamkos being the perfect example, if they'd signed Stamkos to the deal
he could have got on the open market, they would have had to trade Tyler Johnson.
They would have had to get rid of other guys.
And that's why Iserman was just so kind of, you know,
made sure that this is what you're getting, Steve.
You can either take it or leave it,
but I'm going to make sure we're building us like a great, you know,
contending team.
So that's what I mean with him out.
It doesn't hurt Tampa nearly as much as like Hall being out for Jersey.
So it's just, that's what sucks for,
for those other teams like Calgary and Jersey,
like we mentioned.
But it's funky because it says Hall and Samco both have torn meniscus,
but Hall's out like four to six weeks and Samco's is four to six months.
So obviously we might need a doctor on here.
Mikey Grinnell, you know anything about knees?
No, I don't.
I'm shocked. I'm shocked.
I'm shocked.
So it's up to the league to have these key guys out.
And, I mean, going back to Stevie White, what a fantastic general manager.
General manager.
I know we've talked about it on the show before,
but just the collection of talent. When I was down there a couple weeks ago, man, watching that team,
I mean, what a fun team to watch in person.
Just a great building. Great
organization, too. He's really
done, I would say,
quietly a good job just because
they're not a, what do you call it,
a marquee franchise, I guess. Even if they
are a marquee organization, if that
makes sense.
You're looking here, I mean, top 10
scoring, Nikita Kucherov, he's tied for number one in scoring with Shifley.
I always say it's Shifley.
I'm not sure.
Up in Winnipeg, Mark Shifley.
He's got 10, 12, 22.
But Kucherov's at 9, 13, 22.
He's tied.
And then Stamkos is actually fourth in scoring, which is going to put a huge hole in the lineup.
But like we just said, if there's a team that can withstand the loss, it's Tampa.
They have so much talent there.
They're still hanging on to two goalies.
I know everybody thought they were going to trade Bishop or Vasilevsky,
but they're still getting it done, man.
But you just wonder how much of a hole it's going to leave.
I just think, though, the other thing that Tampa could do is they can now use his money
if they want to go out and trade for someone.
I mean, with there being no cap in the playoffs,
I mean, you never know how they could really kind of figure it out to get him
to at least get someone coming.
I mean, I'm sure they'd love to have another right shot defenseman.
But either way, I mean, it sucks to lose your, lose your big dog for that long.
But if there's a team that can kind of withstand it, it's, it's Tampa.
I mean, last night they went out and they spanked Buffalo.
You know, granted it's the Sabres, but still, I mean,
you just saw that they don't really miss a beat without them.
So I didn't even know about their record being that much, but you know,
being still solid without him.
That's, that's interesting.
Yeah. And that's probably Calgary missing good drill.
A little bit of Calgary stinks. They stink. I mean, I'll tell you,
Brian Elliott. I mean, he's really struggled. I mean, is it that much?
I know you, you've been traded a couple of times.
Oh yeah, I have. All right. Thanks a lot for reminding me.
Hey, that just means two other teams wanted you, okay?
That's the classic line that agents give, man.
This just means somebody else wants you, dude.
Oh, bad.
Don't even worry.
Don't even worry.
And you're like, okay, yeah, yeah, they do.
And then they trade you, and you're like, oh, shit.
This means Edmonton loves you, Ryan.
That's why they want you there.
Edmonton loves Ryan.
Oh, it's Edmonton.
They're going full oiler again.
Never go full oiler.
Never go full oiler.
Five in a row they lost.
And I made some bank on LA
last night. That was a lock, although it was
almost not because it was two to
two quick after some guy tweeted at
us that he took Edmonton like you did.
We were on the other wrong sides of the
coin last night. By the way, followers out there,
first off, thanks for listening, as always.
That's a given.
Thanks, guys. Thanks, guys.
If you're looking for picks, first off,
let's just remind people,
there's no such thing as a lock, okay?
Stop asking me for locks.
I appreciate the asking, but locks don't exist.
If there were locks,
then I'd be driving a Rolls Royce right now,
not a seven-year-old fucking Camry.
And if you're looking for picks, honestly, no.
Ask me later in the day.
Like, you know, 10 o'clock in the morning, if I see it,
I'm going to forget about it later in the day.
Plus, we don't know who's playing goaltender at 10 o'clock in the morning.
I need to make my bets based on who's goaltender,
who's going to be in that.
Sometimes we do know a day ahead of time.
Generally, we don't. So, basically um like last night who was it uh
tampa bay they've been on a roll talk about on a roll they've they've won i mean i don't four or
five in a row but they've been covering the puck line like crazy them in um nashville and nashville
getting spanked that that's another thing to look for too yeah you called nashville last night i
mean i didn't i didn't see that if it's well because they got hit they had gotten spanked. That's another thing to look for, too. Yeah, you called Nashville last night. I mean, I didn't see
that. Well, because
they had gotten spanked
the game before that.
Anytime a team gets spanked, like embarrassing,
like, for example, Pittsburgh gets spanked
7-1 at Washington Wednesday
night, rivalry night on NBCSN.
NBC, yeah, SN.
They're playing on Long Island
tonight, the Islanders. I mean, Pittsburgh lost 7-1.
That's embarrassing for a team.
They're going to come out with both barrels tonight, I think.
And the Islanders are a team that's really been scuffling.
The Islanders stink, too.
Yeah, they're a team.
We can spend a couple minutes on them.
Actually, we're going to have Con Isles on, our esteemed Isles blogger at Bosco.
Today we're obviously doing it in three different locations,
so we're adding a guest with a further complicated thing,
so we don't want to bring in any of our Boston hockey guys today.
We're going to do it when we have everybody here.
But the Isles, man, right now there's disarray on Long Island.
Jack Capuano under the gun a bit.
The team's struggling.
I mean, they'll last in the East with 13 points.
They're basically second to last in the whole league.
Lots of underachievement on Long Island.
Yeah, it just makes no sense, really.
I mean, with what they had started building last year,
I would have guessed that they'd really come out and kind of continue it.
But their goaltending hasn't been what it needs to be.
They had that fourth line of Casey Zizekas and Kyle Clutterbuck and Matt Martin
that was probably the best fourth line in the league,
and they lost Matt Martin, who hasn't done anything in Toronto.
So it's kind of weird.
Losing him, was that really that big of an issue?
But I know you love bringing up how when the Bruins lost Sean Thornton,
they kind of just lost their identity a little bit.
So, granted, that could be part of it.
Kyle Opozo, too.
They lost Kyle Opozo, too.
Yeah, that's very true, Grinnells.
I'm a big Kyle Opozo guy.
I like him a lot.
I like the way he plays.
Yeah, he's got some game.
They've got a lot of underachievement.
You know, Tavares is Tavares.
He's doing what he needs to do.
Brock Nelson, the second in scoring, four goals, seven assists.
And their third leading scorer, Dennis Seidenberg, four goals, four assists.
Who didn't have a contract when the World Cup started.
Exactly.
Who hadn't, yeah, you said he didn't have a contract when the season started,
but poor Dennis, he broke his jaw the other night.
He hit in the face with a slap shot.
So he's arguably the best defenseman they just lost.
And, you know, they were in Florida Saturday night.
They had a 2-0 lead.
They lose Seidenberg, and then the team kind of fell apart after that.
You know, and you're looking, what's his name, Andrew Ladd.
He got one goal, I think.
Two goals, one assist.
Yeah, that's it. I mean, for a big signing like that one goal, I think. Two goals, one assist. Yeah, that's it.
I mean, for a big signing like that, you need more out of that guy.
Jason Chimura, they signed in the offseason.
He's got one goal.
Just so many guys.
And Nikolai Kuliman, who's a really good player, a good third-line player,
but he's got one goal.
So at some point, you've got to look at this will kind of change
and figure itself out.
But for right now, I mean, this is when you start panicking.
At this point in the season, if it hasn't started turning around at all,
I mean, what are you going to do?
I mean, even Tavares, you could say he's doing his job,
but he's got 12 points in 16 games.
You expect after 16 games a guy like that to have 20, 18.
It's just not going well there in an awful arena that nobody even likes going to.
I just looked up though.
The Penguins are minus 160.
So I'll be laying a little, uh, wood down on that.
All right.
Yeah.
And continuing with the Islanders, you know, they, they do have a new ownership group that,
you know, typically likes to bring their own staff in.
Uh, but you know, I, I'm pretty sure Snowy got Snow GM.
He's got a couple of years left on the contract, on his contract, I think.
So, you know, they probably don't want to come in and can a guy and have to pay two GMs.
But I would say Jack Capuano is the one in the hot seat because they're not getting the desired results right now.
I mean, you know, God Snow has assembled a pretty decent roster.
I don't think it's anything he's doing.
It seems to be underachievement, which could signal, you know,
players maybe perhaps tuning out Jack Capuano.
And, you know, he's been there.
The coach is always first.
The coach is always first to go.
The cliche, you know, you can't fire 25 guys, but you can fire one guy.
So, you know, as, you know, we have boss two family, as we say,
rooting for the Islanders.
I kind of always like to see them do good.
Just, you know, they're a franchise that struggled.
But if they don't pull it together soon, man, the season's going to float away from them.
Because, you know, when you're already eight, seven, eight points out of the playoffs,
and it's not even Turkey Day yet, then it's only going to get worse as the year goes on.
Yeah, I mean, it's just, I don't know, Capuano could be let go.
I wouldn't be surprised.
They'll just leave him with, like, a plate of meatballs and his salary for the next year,
and he'll be fine with that probably because.
Is he a Massachusetts guy, Capuano?
I don't know.
Did you see the stuff about him living in Garcino's basement?
Pardon?
Yeah, that was, who was it, Cotton and Boomer, you that you know boomer siason's radio show the
guy he does a show it said said that you know uh capuano lives in god snow's basement but
oh my god please have that would be so jack capuano he just comes up when dinner's called
god no he doesn't i mean from what i don't think it was in his in his basement i think
i i think um i mean i think snow we get a little bit of a crash pad for a lot of guys is called? No, he doesn't. I mean, I don't think he lives in his basement. I think
I mean, I think Snowy got a little bit of a crash
pad for a lot of guys. And
you know, I don't I don't he's not
it does sound funny. It would be so typical
for like Islanders like, you know, coach
lives in GM's basement, but I don't
think he actually lives like in his basement. I think he might
crash there on occasion. You know,
teams are on the road with 50 of the
time anyways, but it is pretty funny for like the Islanders whole city. When him, teams are on the road, what, 50 of the time anyways.
But it is pretty funny for, like, the islanders, also.
When him and Garth tie one on, they just kind of crash in the basement,
play Call of Duty.
Like, they're going to rock, paper, scissors to do an Uber for the ride home.
They Uber share.
They Uber share with people to the games.
So, going back, Pittsburgh, yeah, they're minus 160 tonight um i bet them last night they were plus 195 on the puck line but they're already down to plus 185 on the puck line
um and again like going back to gambling i tell everybody all the time you know puck lines where
the money's at are you a big are you a big puck line and play around when you go i love i love it
so i when i started kind of getting into it it was like yeah
you know it just makes so much sense such good odds teams win by two three but the more you do
it the more you realize teams don't often win by more than one like i've just started realized
teams win by one goal so often you basically are living with the with the empty netters on the
puck line well that's that's the whole thing i always say you know live by the empty netters on the puck line. Well, that's the whole thing. I always say, you know, live by the empty net, die by the empty net.
It's fun, man.
It's kind of like, you know, college basketball, you know,
throwing up three-pointers at the last second.
That can screw you.
Yeah.
By the way, the empty net  sorry to interrupt you.
The empty net stat as a former player who was constantly in the minus,
the empty net  the fact that you get a minus on an empty net goal as a player is a joke.
An absolute joke.
Every guy should fucking say something to the league or boycott
until when there's an empty net goal, it should not be a minus against you
because all the good players are on the ice and then they just suck in all these empty net minuses.
That's a rant that drives me nuts because I was looking at my own hockey
TV the other day and remembered my last year in the age I was minus 17.
I had 16 empty net minuses.
So fuck that.
No kidding.
You were on,
you were on the ice for that many empty nets.
Yeah,
we were awful in San Antonio and every game I'd get an empty net minus.
I'm like,
Jesus Christ,
why is that a minus?
There's no goalie in the net.
Yeah, it's definitely a philosophical thing when you gamble.
It's funny how me and my old man would talk gambling,
and he's kind of sometimes on a completely different page than I am as far as what his philosophy will be.
But it's just like you say, instead of putting up 160 to make 100,
It's just like you say, instead of putting, well, if you're putting up 160 to make 100,
you know, it's just a huge swing as opposed to getting back, you know,
almost 200 on the 100-year risk.
But you need that all-important, you know, if it's an empty net goal, so be it. But to me, it's worth the extra money.
And especially, like, when you're doing an action reverse in AR,
that's where the real money is.
If you can get a couple of puck line winners like last night,
I did 100 AR
Tampa,
Nashville. Now normally if that was a football
game, you'd get 400
back. But with the puck lines, I got I think 880
back on 100 AR.
Really? Yeah.
Because an AR
100 times 4 would be 400. But
when you're talking about double the money with puck lines,
you know, sometimes if you've got a 225 or a 240 in there, it jacks it up, man.
It makes a huge difference in the long run.
Of course, you know, you've got to hit the bets.
It's easier said than done, as we know.
The only problem I have with when you do bet the puck line is, like,
if it's seven minutes to go in the in the second period right and the
team you bet against actually goes up a goal you're it's almost like you're dead because then
you need three to actually win in the next like whatever half a game that's left so you know if
you get a couple in the first if they go tie and then the team scores first you're down one nothing
you need three to win your bet,
that's when it can get miserable.
Because when you've got the regular bets, at least you can still win in overtime and shootouts.
It's basically a philosophical difference we have in gambling.
But I'm going to start riding your little horses a little bit more.
Yeah, you can start tonight by jumping on Pittsburgh.
I am. I am.
And I hate to pick on the Islanders, but like I said, you know, a good thing to watch when teams do get blown out.
Now, Chicago, they're another team.
They didn't get blown out, but they lost 4-0 in Winnipeg the other night.
They're in  where the hell are they tonight?
They're in Calgary.
They're in Calgary. That's right.
You know, a team that's been struggling.
You know, Chicago's got a lot of pride.
They're a team that, you know, when they do get shut out,
you typically see a better effort next game.
But, you know, I would say Pittsburgh's probably my four-star pick tonight,
and Chicago quickly, closely behind them with about a three-and-a-half pick.
All right, I'll take that.
Grinnell, are you going to get on that?
Oh, I'm definitely taking that.
Oh, so you do get it.
Oh, are you kidding me?
I was telling R.A. that last year or two years ago, Super Bowl paid for my whole spring break trip.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
Where'd you go?
Where'd you go?
Like Daytona Beach?
Oh, no.
I went to Cancun.
Jeez, Mikey.
We might have to have our own podcast talking about that trip.
Oh, it was the best week of my life, hands down.
There you go.
If I could clip my heels three times Wizard of Oz style
and just spend the rest of my time
in eternity, I think it might be
Cancun 1992 when I was down there.
I would do anything to see
the outfits you were wearing out to
bars. Did you have all your hair
then still?
I had a flowing mane on top of my head.
I had a big
forehead. I'm not going to deny that, but I had
a flowing mane on top of my head.
Back in 92, Cancun, man.
You probably had the
LA Looks gel in there too.
No, I was a
DEP guy.
D-E-P, Depp hair gel.
I do save a lot of money
not having to buy hair gel anymore.
But yeah, if I could click like one, two, three,
go back to this time period for a while,
I would love to go Cancun, 92.
You know, like me and my buddies
from Charleston would go down.
You know, girls from Dorchester,
they might as well have been from like Estonia
or like fucking public back then. You would go down to Cancun and hang out with girls from georgetown they might as well been from like estonia or like fucking public back then
you would go down to cancun and hang out with girls from georgetown
smokes from georgetown let's clarify yeah smoking darts they were ripping darts when you were back
in the day you know when you were in high school i mean parts of georgetown might as well have been
halfway across the country and you would hear stories of, like, these, like, Amazonian beauties from across the city,
and you'd get down to Cancun, and, like, wow, like, here are all these pretty girls.
You'd finally see them in person.
But, no, Cancun, I went to Cancun in 91, 92.
Like, I think I've been there four times altogether, man, when I went on my 1990 to 1997 spring break run.
Lucky you.
Yeah, I've never been. I've never been. I kind of feel like that place is a piece of shit. My 1990 to 1997 spring break run. Lucky you. College man.
I've never been.
I've never been.
I kind of feel like that place is a piece of shit.
It's the best place on the planet.
I think when I told the story, the bungee jump story, I think we told it.
I don't think it made the air.
I think it got cut.
Remember one of those shows, Ryan, when the recording fucked up?
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes, actually, tell people that story right now, please.
Tell them the cliff notes, please,
because that's just ridiculous.
The cliff notes is that I went bungee jumping
naked. That's true.
What?
Your little wrench flapping around in the wind.
Yeah, that's the cliff notes version.
But yeah, we went down South
Padre Island, Texas.
Little island right off of Brownsville. Close to Mexico. And this was, yeah, we were down South Padre Island, Texas, little island right off of Brownsville, close to Mexico.
And this was, shit, 90, fucking 94.
I remember because it was like we were kind of hitting our early 20s.
And, you know, a lot of us.
There was no Snapchat.
Some of us were hanging on to, you know, podcasts.
And some of us were growing up.
But me and my buddy, you know, we were like 22.
Like, where are we going this year?
Like, you know, it was basically, our big debate
was do we go the high school week or do we go the
college week? That was that
sick shit right there.
It's not like
fucking took the emeralds.
You know, it's fucking 19
year old chasing high school seniors
isn't really deranged. But anyways,
we ended up on Sal Padre Island.
And, you know, when you get to places, there would always
be, like, rumors about the area. Like, oh,
I heard they do this there, and this
is crazy. If you go to this bar.
Well, the rumor on Sal Padre was, if you
go bungee jumping naked,
it was free. I was like,
oh, okay. I mean, you know, I wasn't on that
much of a budget, so we were all drinking
at this outdoor bar, Louie's, and there was a bungee jump contraption like next door, about 50 yards over.
And, uh, you know, when we're getting loaded, I'm like, you know what, I'm going to, I'm going
bungee jumping naked. And everyone's like, ah, yeah, laughing. So I walked over to the thing
and I asked him the guy, I says, uh, is it true that it's naked and free? And he's like, nope.
I says, okay, well, can I go naked anyways?
And he's like, yeah, sure, knock yourself out.
So I paid like the 25 or 40 or whatever it was.
And then I just dropped Trowell.
And then everybody from the bar was like, oh, he's really doing it.
And like, look at that bush.
Seriously, like, look, he's got a pile drive barbally into the ground.
Everybody from the bar comes over to watch.
And it was chilly that day.
It was, you know, Texas, but it was cool that day.
It was a little rain going.
You know, and I got naked as a jaybird.
I just dropped, dropped, dropped, got the clothes off.
Then they hoist you up, fuck naked.
Then, boom, you go.
And I'll tell you, it was probably the most freeing, liberating experience in my life to just like go naked through the air at you know free falling and boom snap back until you know your
pecker almost hit you in the eye yeah dude you wish yeah yeah yeah oh my i gotta shine it hit
me so fucking hard right oh this water this water's cold it was so big i tell you right you
know so no you finish up like there's a shitload of people that take a pitch
and you know like i said it was chilly i'm irish so i definitely had the two-hand coverage going
going on the situation and i finish up and it was like a mexican family they're like can you
take a picture with us i'm like i'm like yeah you are absolutely sure but i had my clothes on by
that time and then all of a sudden everyone everyone just started chanting, Naked Boy, Naked Boy, Naked Boy.
Naked Boy. Naked Boy, yeah.
That was my nickname for the week, too, to my Naked
Bungee Jumping. And I actually got those
fake tattoos you can get.
I got it spray-painted on
the cross, my back of my shoulder is Naked Boy.
I'm going to have to dig these photos out, because
they'll back my story up. But yeah,
Naked Bungee Jumping was something else. Please don't
break these photos up, please. Naked boy.
About five
minutes after we did it, we're going back to the bar.
My buddy Dave Mack from Milton, I look over
and he pulls a videotape out of his hand
and I was like, you motherfucker.
He's like, do you want to buy a copy
of this? I'm like, no way, man. I'm like, I don't
want to remember this shit. But Dave
went over and was like, yeah, I'm going to buy it when I wasn't looking.
So he bought a copy of the videotape.
But he was a good guy.
He only showed a few people and gave it back to me.
So he didn't make copies.
And they all puked.
Oh, God, no.
I told you.
He dropped the tape off, and my father was like, oh, what's this?
And pops it in the VCR, which is probably never a good idea to do.
No, no, no, no, no.
Him and my stepmother are sitting there watching it and you know
lo and behold she sees me in all my naked glory and she's like jesus leo what are they feeding
him up there i mean oh but you know those bungee straps pretty tight you know they do accentuate
the the less finer parts of one's anatomy so yeah, yeah, I wasn't looking too hard in my tight, tight, tight bungee getup.
Holy shit, dude.
That was a long time ago.
But, yeah, spring break, man, I miss it.
It was fun.
I spent a lot of money and a lot of time.
But enjoy your spring break, kiddos.
Go naked bungee jumping if you can.
I highly recommend it.
Kids are now just getting after it. I don't think there's naked bungee jumping going on
yeah if there is i'd be shocked that's old school shit right there yeah they don't allow that kind
of shit anymore yeah nowadays you'd be a like a fucking sex offender you know because the heck
it was flat no now there's probably bungee jumping when you're actually like banging each other on
the way down like there's real sickos now, Mikey's
age. Yeah, do like take a
selfie while you're naked bungee jumping
or something. Or if you're banging
somebody mid-air. I know nowadays,
man, it's so different
like hooking up with chicks now,
Mike. I know we're going way off fucking course from the NHL
now, but basically... Well, not really.
If you're talking about hooking up with chicks, that's involved.
Right. Now it's like you don humble brag to girls you basically like it seems
like you do most of your socializing online um on like phones now is that true how do you how do
you wheel broads nowadays mikey um everyone's different like a lot of kids my age use the
tinder and the bumble and all that so i don't use any of that. I mean, if I'm going to pick up a trick... Oh, you're just all
natural, eh? Oh, yeah. I'm all natural,
you know.
Don't you know?
Yeah, you should go to the bar and buy him as many drinks
as you can.
Yeah, there you go. Just get him smashed.
That's the best way to do it.
Get him drunk so you look
good type then? Yeah, I guess
so.
When you put it like that, it makes me feel bad.
Whatever works.
No, it's just interesting to me.
It seems like there's less human interaction as far as trying to get in people's pants nowadays.
Yeah, but it's unbelievable.
You can just slide into people's DMs, and they slide into your DMs, and all all of a sudden you're just there you don't even have to work i didn't i missed facebook in college by one year i left school
and facebook came out my senior year but i wasn't there and you couldn't even get facebook at the
beginning if you didn't have a college email address which i didn't have anymore so i still
am so pissed off about that god college was just a joke when Facebook came out.
So granted that it's all kind of online, but I mean...
I think it makes it easier with everything online, don't you think?
The only thing that sucks is now, I mean,
bringing it back to the NHL and pro sports a little bit
is just how you can get blown up.
It's such bullshit when girls do that.
It drives me nuts.
Like that old Like that girl,
that old porn star girl,
Mia Khalifa, she blows people up when they're in her direct messages.
Like, you can't be doing that. That sucks.
Because what guy isn't going to try to direct
message girls like that? Like, come on, you can't
just then blow them up in front of the whole internet world.
I bet she's a listener of the show.
Pardon?
I bet she's a listener of the show, Mia Khal I bet she's a listener of the show, Mia Khalifa.
She's a big hockey girl.
Check that out.
Yeah.
But, I mean, I don't know.
I think if you're a dude, though, Ryan, and you just totally uninvited,
just, you know, send out a message to somebody.
You know, in this day and age, you know,
someone you've never talked to and all of a sudden you're going to, like,
throw them a line like you're going to, like, get in their pants. I mean, you know, someone you've never talked to and all of a sudden you're going to like throw them a line like you're going to like get in their pants.
I mean, you know, you put yourself
out there. It doesn't, you know, you're risking
in this, you know, you're putting a risk on
yourself by just... Yeah, that's my point.
That's what I'm saying sucks about it.
Right. Well, I guess my point
is maybe, you know, like don't send
unsolicited text
to street. Oh, Mike, you hear
all right. Don't ever try. I mean, I agree.
Dude, like, I mean,
I wouldn't, you know, I would just, if you just
send a random message to a person you've never talked
to before and they put you on blast. I've never
done that. I've never done it. I'm not saying
but I guess
if you do it and then the girl puts you on blast,
you know, you got no, you got no
really beef, I guess, you know, you could
you know, try to, I guess try beef i guess you know you could you know
try to i guess try to talk to like a fucking normal person but again we're talking we're
talking about a whole a whole different um a whole different second generation here see i you know
when when i used to be in the game back in the day it was none of there was nothing you just had
to talk to a girl and get by in your personality you know and then fucking when magic johnson got
got hiv that was like 1968 when major
league baseball raised the mound six inches it was like it was almost impossible to get a fucking
hit now you know we were already struggling to get it on base and then you know it's like well
magic got the buck now fucking you know everyone who was heterosexual thought you know that you
know you're gonna get fucking aids if you didn't use a condom now, and it was just this whole scared
thing, so it was like, yeah, magic fucking
raised the mound on us, so it was a lot harder.
Well, I remember, I remember when I
first came into the NHL, and, you know,
the veterans that were playing at the time
would tell me, like, you know, back
when they started playing, you know, this is
the 80s and the early 90s in the NHL,
you know, there's no cell phones, so, like,
you're not getting, like, you're not texting girls that you meet out or anything like that.
All you would do is you'd get back to your hotel room, whatever it may be,
and you'd just pray that that blinking red light on the phone was going off
because that meant that she called the hotel, she got your room,
and left you a message.
So it just took  it takes all the excitement out of the game nowadays.
Yeah, exactly.
It was definitely more of a National Geographic, like,
hunter-gatherer special, like, than there is now.
It's just like, oh, I sent her a text.
Hey, he's giving me shit about DMs, and he's talking about the Hunter's
National Geographic style.
Oh, shit.
Off track today.
We finally got the fucking Drew over here.
So we got to go into a segment, All Right, Hamilton, because we kind of like really went off track here.
That's fine because that's what the show is.
Like we said, we're going to talk hockey mostly, but we are going to have a little fun here and there.
You know, talking about the dating challenges of today was certainly a different tack for us.
But, Mikey, you got some All Right, certainly a different tack for us.
But, Mikey, you got to ask some all-right Hamilton questions lined up for us.
Yes, I do.
BigVin16 asks, do you think BigVin?
Hold up.
BigVin?
BigVin16 is his username, or is his Twitter handle.
What does he look like?
He looks like he's got some very puffy hair.
He's got some scruff, wearing a collared shirt.
It looks like his picture is a school picture, maybe a senior pic.
What up, Big Ben?
Let's hear what he's got.
He's a retired JV Boys basketball manager is what his Twitter bio says.
But his question, do you think plus minus is an effective stat?
I want to hear what you guys got to say about this.
All right, Hamilton.
No.
It's pretty funny that he asked that question after I'd already talked about it.
That's why I wanted to say it.
Look at the empty net thing.
Look at the empty net thing.
You can have a guy.
No, this is just, I'm like twitching over here, like remembering this shit.
Plus minus is the dumbest stat in hockey,
and it's actually starting to be realized by teams, general managers, coaches,
that it really doesn't mean shit.
It's all about, you know, the advanced stats now.
But plus minus, like, you can step on the ice and a guy scores, you get a minus.
You can get an assist while you're on the bench and not get the plus.
It's just, it's like an archaic way of looking about how, you know, people are doing.
Now, granted, if a guy's really high and has a really high plus or a really, really bad low negative minus,
you could say either way the guy's probably either on a really good, really bad team
or really good offensively, really bad defensively.
But if you're right around the middle, there's completely no difference
in the way you could be minus eight or
plus eight. It's just such a bullshit, old
school stat that is finally
seeing its way out. I'm sure,
R.A., you probably love it.
You love it.
You were just thinking about
how much you love it.
I'm kind of indifferent on it. I don't think it's
totally useless. I think it can be sometimes a barometer of, you know, how a guy might be doing.
But it's definitely not sort of any end-all, be-all.
You know, a guy can have a terrible plus-minus and just be on a bad team.
But I really don't put as much stock into it as perhaps I did before
because, you know, I do hear guys like yourself who play the game
say that they don't acknowledge it as as a major stat as that we used it so i'm not really hung up on it either way um
if you know i'm not going to defend it like like like some guys do because they think that defending
the plus minus is some sort of uh fu to the to the new stats community so whateverer shrug from IRA. All right. All right, so the next one we got rmichaelh13.
It goes by Ryan Ass.
Stool Chicklets, the Blues are making me nervous.
Is Hitch on a short leash?
Can they slash will they break out of this funk?
All right, howl.
All right, you can start.
I got some thoughts on that, but, you know, I want you to go first.
I'm guessing the kid's just a Scott Blues fan because they're in pretty good.
I mean, for Christ's sake, they're tied for second in the conference,
a few three points behind Chicago for the division.
I don't know what my man's too worried about here.
I mean, the Blues are going to be there late.
They came as close as they could to getting to the cup last year.
I think it's been since, what, 1970 since they've been to a Cup,
if I'm not mistaken, the Barb York Bowl, unless I'm forget with sloppy morning here.
Yeah, you're fine, buddy.
If you're a Blues fan, I wouldn't worry about it.
You know, you'll be there late.
You'll get in the playoffs, and then you've just got to hope that Jake Allen
gives you what Brian Elliott gave you in the playoffs last year,
and, you know, it's a crapshoot.
But, yeah, you're fine.
Yeah, I mean, last night in a rem you in the playoffs last year, and, you know, it's a crapshoot. But, yeah, you're fine.
Yeah, I mean, last night in a rematch of the Western Conference final, they beat San Jose at home.
They're a good team.
They're deep.
I don't know if they can win the Stanley Cup with their roster.
I feel like they're like a game-breaker or two away.
But in terms of Hitchcock being on a short lease, this is his last season.
Mike Yeo, the former head coach of the Wild, my former assistant coach in Pittsburgh, he was brought in this year as kind of the associate head coach.
He'll be taking over next year for St. Louis. So there's no short leash. I don't think you'll see Hitchcock fired at any point this year.
Maybe the team started off a little slower than they'd hoped, but they're a really good team. They're bad. You know, Alex Steen's out right now um so they got guys that'll be coming back they'll be right there like you said they'll
be in the playoffs last year they were in i think the best series i've ever watched in the first
round against chicago which is unfortunate that they had to play them in the first round but if
you remember that game seven win they finally get over the hump and beat chicago so i wouldn't worry
at all i mean i don't know that kid try rooting for some other teams if he's worried about the Blues.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I can see why he has Scott as a Blues fan.
I mean, they've never won a cup.
It's been a lot of frustration.
But, yeah, Hitchcock isn't going anywhere barring a, like, crazy collapse.
So you're good.
Just sit tight until the playoffs.
Yeah, just go down to spring break and bungee cord naked.
Wait until the playoffs this time... Yeah, you just go down to spring break in bungee cord naked and wait for the playoffs to start.
Uh, what? Alright,
so, uh, Matty B. asks,
um, Stool Chicklets,
who is the toughest dude Ryan ever
played with and who is
the scariest guy he ever played against?
Oh, Ryan Hamilton!
Hmm. Good question.
That's a really good question. Now, I'm wondering
if he means toughest as in, like, the best fighter,
or toughest as in just, you know, like a tough motherfucker.
I mean, I played with George The Rock, who just naturally, like,
you just think of when I think of toughest in fighting,
because he was such a killer, he would just line up and throw lefts.
And if you want proof
hockey fight d you know go to his hockey fights watch all of them and then watch the time we
played in the garden against the bruins and chara and him squared off twice and both times chara
wanted nothing to do with it he went right down like never ever have any of us seen chara like
not be willing to just ragdoll someone.
But he knew George was just a lefty who could chuck bombs and wanted nothing to do with it.
Eric Goddard I played with.
That's a name that guy would stand toe-to-toe with anyone.
Steve McIntyre.
Steve McIntyre, actually, I played with.
I don't know if a lot of people know his name.
He didn't play very long in the NHL.
This guy was a legit refrigerator.
He would just punch people's head in he was a killer and apparently like i made fun of him in practice a
couple times like i granted i used to bust his balls a little bit when he'd make horrible plays
but he despises me now wants me dead and i know that because I played when I got sent down by the Panthers.
I played for San Antonio.
My first AHL game was against the Oklahoma City Barons, who was the Oilers farm team at the time.
Now they're in Bakersfield.
And Steve McIntyre was on the team.
I'm skating around in warm-ups.
I'm in shock that I'm back in the AHL.
I'm so riled.
I can't believe it.
By the way, this is an 11 a.m. game.
It was a game for kids at schools to come to.
So it was just packed with, like, you know, fifth and sixth graders.
They were listening to SpongeBob SquarePants during warm-ups.
I was like, how quickly has my career fallen into the shitter?
And all of a sudden, Steve McIntyre is at the red line telling me,
I'm going to fucking kill you, Whitney,
you little prick.
You're fucking dead.
I'm like, oh, my God.
What the fuck am I going to do?
So the whole game, I would skate by the bench.
He'd be chawing at the bit to get on the ice.
He was going to kill me.
I think he was going to swing a stick at my head.
And then he would get on the ice, and I would just full sprint back to the bench
and change. And the coach, Tom Rose,
now the GM of the Panthers, was like,
what the fuck are you doing? I'm like, that guy's
going to kill me. I am not staying on the ice.
No chance. So anytime he got on the ice,
I was changing. You know, basically,
that just shows how petrified I was of him.
So he was a tough bastard.
That stage of the career, the last thing you needed
was to get a fucking conky
from that motherfucker you know it wouldn't have been a conky it would have been just a death
like there was this guy i mean i used to make fun of him for like missing the net and like he
couldn't really lift the puck when he took slap shots but i mean i didn't think it would scarred
him like this oh and then at the end of the year season party he was singing karaoke he was singing
awful country karaoke.
And I was like, shut up.
Give the mic to somebody else.
And I think that's when it really kind of hit him that he wanted to be dead.
Oh, gee, you think that might have done it?
Toughest guy I ever faced was my brother who beat the piss out of me every day
when I was about 15.
And that's about that.
So one more question from, what do you call it?
All right, Hamilton.
And then we'll move into our final segment.
Because Mr. Media has to go do his Sportsnet obligations today.
Right, Ryan?
Yeah, don't blame me for being wanted.
No, hey, I'm tired because of my obligations.
There we go.
All right, so Brad Lindquist asks,
Stool Chicklets, is Fleury's career done or finished after that performance last night?
All right, howl.
I wonder if the kid's just, like, kidding.
I mean, I'm assuming he's kidding, just, like, trying to make us laugh
because there's probably people that actually think that, though.
No, that's the pardon my take joke, right?
Done or finished.
Isn't that what he's doing?
Oh, yeah, maybe, yeah, done or finished. Isn't that what he's doing? Oh, yeah.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Done or finished.
I see.
Oh, I see.
I think he was just making it funny because, yeah, Marc-Andre Fleury, every goalie has
a shit game.
He's not going anywhere.
Actually, did he even play the other night?
I thought.
Murray started and then got buried by his stick.
His own player's stick hit him in the face.
Right.
So, yeah, yeah.
That's right.
Yeah.
Yeah. stick, his own player's stick hit him in the face. Yeah, that's right. I think he just got you hook, line,
and sinker on an old PMT joke.
Fuck Lindquist.
I'll remember that.
We've got to move along anyways because
our love advice took
up so much time. We had to rush
through All Right Hamilton to bring us to
what has become a very popular segment, certainly
on Twitter. Ask a millennial.
We've been getting a lot.
I've actually been getting emails about it.
I've been getting everyone taking my side and Grinnelli's side because nobody knows your shit.
Well, that's, you know, like I said, that just further proves my point that you idiots haven't learned fucking shit.
So what do you got?
What do you got?
We'll ask a millennial.
Okay.
We'll go to Mikey first.
Okay.
I'm ready.
The Deer Hunter.
This is an easy one.
The Deer Hunter.
The Deer Hunter.
It's a game.
Video game.
Worst rock in the world, but it's wrong nonetheless ryan dear hunter unbelievable
movie actually you know what it's not even that fucking unbelievable i know it's known as
unbelievable it is it's a pot it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's great when he goes back to get
uh what's his name christopher walken who goes crazy and he goes back and gets him during the Russian roulette. Spoiler
alert.
Sorry for ruining the ending, everyone.
30-year-old boy, I'm joking.
I know, you're right. Deer Hunter is
a phenomenal movie. It's not overrated
at all. Can we talk about Mikey
Grinelli thinking that it was the Buck Hunter?
Wait, wait, time out, time out, time
out. I just googled Deer Hunter
video game, and there is a deer hunter video game.
I'm on the millennial side.
You think I fucking know about that, though?
Released in 04.
Best picture winner, and I think it was 78 it come out.
Phenomenal movie.
Michael Cimino directed it.
It has De Niro, Walken, John Savage,
Meryl Streep.
Second movie with her. Actually, she was dating
John Cazale at the time. John
Cazale played Fredo Corleone in The Godfather.
That guy, he made
five movies in the 70s
before he died. All five of them were
nominated for Best Picture, and three
of them won Best Picture. So do you
recommend it? Should I see it?
Oh, hell yeah.
Mikey, guarantee you shut it off
like 30 minutes in.
Oh, shit.
He asked me to settle down.
When they
were filming, actually, this is interesting. When they were
filming, John Cazale was actually dying
of cancer when they filmed the deer hunter. They actually
filmed his scenes first. That's how sick
he was. Him and Meryl Streep
were a couple at the time.
They filmed his stuff first. He died
basically right after they filmed it.
But yeah, he was five for five.
He was in
Best Pictures. But no, Mike,
it's slow at the beginning, but it's a phenomenal
movie. It's about Vietnam, basically.
And the American dream and how it can get distorted and all this stuff.
There's a whole bunch of big, like, sweeping themes in it.
It's about a three-and-a-half-hour movie.
It definitely is slow.
There's a big wedding scene at the beginning.
People can take it or leave it, a lot of people.
But, you know, I think it's a movie like that you kind of should watch the whole thing.
And there are some, you know, crazy scenes of Vietnam that are iconic nowadays, but
definitely a movie that should be seen.
It's really emotional. I watched it
again for the 20th time
last year. It really is an emotional
powerhouse at the end. It just
punches you in the face.
Movies like that, I think it's important to
have the reminder of when this
movie came out. Try to put yourself in that
time frame. This was 1978. Vietnam was to have the reminder of when this movie came out, try to put yourself in that timeframe.
And this was 1978.
Vietnam was just ended very fresh in the minds of Americans. And to have a movie of this caliber and this scope, it was,
it was quite a thing to have that level of art about a war that was still
scars, basically the scar. They weren't even scars. It was still,
still cuts. It was still fresh in America, psyche at the time.
Fresh wounds.
And there was nobody in the theater texting during this movie.
So, I mean, granted.
All right, next up, we'll go back to Mikey.
Mikey, Debra Winger.
Winger, if you're not from Boston.
Debra Winger.
Debra Winger.
Can it be used in a sentence?
Debra Winger knows Richard Gere.
Oh, God.
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
Honestly, honestly, I have no idea.
This is probably one of these hot Dorchester girls that I already saw in
Cancun after hearing about her growing up in Charlestown.
They were beautiful.
Debra Wingo is a very famous actress.
She had her heyday.
I mean, in the 80s, she was in tons of movies back in the day.
I mean, Officer and the Gentleman was probably the first one that comes to mind.
Huge actress in the 80s.
Tons of movies. Nice name, Debra.
Debra Winger.
Yeah. She was a monster
star back in the day, and I'm not
really surprised neither one of you two know, because she hasn't
really done anything of major significance
that you two would have seen. But, alright, we'll move
along, because we're getting close to the edge here.
Here's the next one, Mikey.
Battle of the Network Stars. Battle of the Network
Stars.
Battle of the Network Stars.
Battle of the Network
Stars.
I have no idea.
I don't know. I don't know
shit about Battle of the Network Stars.
I'm going to assume this was people from ABC battling,
people from NBC almost like a battle in...
In Anchorman.
You know what Anchorman...
That's what I was thinking.
Anchorman.
You're kidding.
Really?
You want to see?
It's exactly what it is, battle of the network stars
the network stars would go and battle
this was back on, shit, the 70s
I think it might have went into the 80s
literally what they did, they would take the
stars of various shows and they would pit them
against each other in competition
you know, track and field type events, mostly
and you could google
I'm telling you man, you could get lost in a rabbit hole
go to
youtube and pull up all the old episodes up like totally like howard cosell used to do the
announcing like totally 1970s like full sexism on display guys like smoking butts in between like
running 100 meter relays it's just such a relic of a time that you know we'll never have again
in america and um it was it something that, but it was funny. Everybody
watched because it was just, you know, this is back
when there were three channels on.
I mean, ABC, CBS,
NBC, and PBS. Was Farrah Fawcett
in it? Farrah probably
was. She walked on Charlie's Angels.
I'm sure she was. I can't recall.
She still gets me going.
No, that's the thing, too. There were
smokes, like smokes galore.
And this was back in the time when bras were most certainly optional back in this era of television, too.
That's beauty.
It was a show everybody loved.
Yeah, Battle of the Network stars.
Okay, all for two there.
We got two more for you.
This one, Webster.
Mikey.
Webster. Webster. Mikey. Webster.
Webster.
Not Mike Webster.
He played for the Steelers.
Mike, Webster.
Webster.
I know this one.
I know Webster, that little fucker.
I mean, isn't it a show that's out now?
If you don't know Webster, right when you hear it?
Yeah, not now.
Okay, all right, Mike, it sounds like Ryan knows.
Webster was the little black kid.
He was like 50 years old, though, but he played like a 10-year-old, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, I used to watch that show.
Emmanuel Lewis, the little black kid.
Oh, I used to watch that show.
Emmanuel Lewis, the little black kid.
He was adopted by Alex Karras, who was a former Detroit Lion,
and his real-life wife, Susan Harris.
A little trivia, Alex Harris was suspended by the NFL for gambling on NFL games back in the day.
Really?
Paul Horning, who was like the superstar quarterback.
Actually, yeah, imagine the scandal if that happened today.
They each got suspended for a year for gambling on NFL games.
Yeah.
And Alex Garrison and his wife, they also starred in Porky's and Porky's 2,
I believe, back in the day, classic 80s sex films.
That kid was, that kid was, Webster was like 50 years old, though, right,
when he looked 10?
Yeah, he did.
He played like an 80 to 10-year-old kid because
he was little, but he had like that...
It was funny. It was Gary Coleman on
Different Strokes. I was like, what was it about
diminutive black men that played
kids in the 80s?
Yeah, he was definitely in his 20s
or something when he was
playing a 10-year-old, so it had
that element too.
Maybe we'll give you partial credit. Mike, but all right. So, so yeah, you will,
maybe we'll give you a partial credit.
Yeah,
I'm not Ryan Mike because you did say it was a show.
It just wasn't a current show.
All right.
And we got one more left.
Final.
Ask him.
Well,
any other day,
Mikey,
Mr.
Mom,
Mr.
Mom,
Mr.
Mom,
Mr.
Mom.
Oh,
I should know this one.
Shouldn't I?
Uh, I don't know. I mean, you're fucking over, shouldn't I? I don't know.
You're fucking old for this whole series.
You're old for the millennium.
Have I ever got one right yet?
Yeah, you did.
Swear to God, the first show you got one right.
I don't remember which one it was, though.
I have no idea what Mr. Mom is.
Sounds like a movie.
I don't know Mr. Mom.
Mr. Mom was a movie. I want't know Mr. Mom. Wow. Okay. Mr. Mom was a movie.
I want to see 82 starring Michael Keaton.
He was basically, the story was he was Mr. Mom.
His wife, this was, of course, back in the day when gender roles were a little different than they are today.
I.e., it used to be the husband worked and the wife stayed home with the kids.
Hashtag not being sexist, just to deal with reality.
But no, all kidding aside michael keaton basically uh what terry gow is the breadwinner and she went off to do the work and
he stayed home with the kids uh and then there was all kinds of adventures at home with the kids
michael keaton was becoming a star at the time and uh this is one of his early roles that's
certainly beloved by people who saw it not not a a great when you go back and watch it, but it certainly had
a lot of that early Michael Keaton charm that
America fell in love with back in the day.
Oh.
I'm not going to rent
that, but I'll take your word that it was good.
Kenny, don't paint your sister.
Honestly, if you like Michael
Keaton, watch it just for Michael
Keaton because
Michael Keaton was dynamic when he first came out.
This was one of the movies.
Mr. Mob.
Night Shift was another movie.
He was just Johnny Dangerously.
He just came out, and it was like bang, bang, bang.
He had this whippersnapper personality.
He became the star he did.
Batman.
Boom.
Done.
I love whippersnapper.
That's when you know that you'll get these answers right, when you call people whippersnappers. Whippersnapper. That's when you know that you'll get these answers right,
when you call people whippersnappers.
Whippersnapper.
This was a great spit and chicklets.
Talking about whacking through online social media,
talking about Mr. Mom and Webster, we go all over the map.
Yeah, I think we definitely went
heavy on the pop culture
stuff today and the
real life stuff. But like I said, that's good.
We want to have a little diversity of stuff here.
I mean, hockey's fun and we talk about
it, but sometimes it's good to go off course and
have a little fun and talk about some other shit too
because, you know, can't be
all hockey all the time.
And what a story
what a story with the with the spring break that that that changed my life
yeah i mean i i just i'm kind of scarred thinking about him doing that but it's
unbelievable that you fact that you did it i just can't believe it yeah but i kind of can't
um yeah i don't know what like i said, that video tape, it is around somewhere.
I mean, we'll never see the light of, like, the Internet.
I'll make sure of that.
I'm going to make sure that it does.
I'm fucking finding that thing.
But if you were to put a gun to my head right now and say find it,
I would need probably two days to find it.
So, all right.
Well, I think that will wrap up this latest episode of Chicklets.
Everybody, I hope you have a good day, good weekend.
Gentlemen, what's up for the weekend?
Ryan, you're in Toronto for a couple more days, right?
Yeah, I'm up in Toronto.
Oh, the thing we do need to talk about next week is the issue to the NHL and their little ridiculous offer to have the CBA continue
to go to the Olympics. So that'll be brought up next week
when we get some more info on what exactly is going to happen.
But the weekend, I don't know.
I don't have much going on.
Hey, for our
Boston listeners, they can
go to the Wilbur Theatre and catch
Couch by Couch West presented
by Barstool Sports.
Good call, Mike. Yep, our boys,
Vitalberg, Big Cat, they're doing a
Couch by Couch West at the
Wilbur. I mean, I think tonight was sold
out. I think there were still tickets for Saturday. I'm not sure
exactly when you're going to listen to this episode,
but... I'm going Saturday. I'll be there
Saturday. Yeah, I think I'm
going to be heading over, too, so
hopefully I'll see you there. But everybody, enjoy your weekend,
have a good time, and we'll catch you on the rebound.
Peace out. You sex of pain, sex of pain. I believe in miracles.
Since you came along, you sex of pain.
Where did you come from, angel?
How did you know I'd be the one?
