Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
What up, everyone? Listen, this episode of Spittin' Chicklets is bought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing, but there's a simpler way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event. Whether
you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL squad,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
I have the SeatGeek app on my phone.
It is by far the easiest way I've found to shop for tickets.
I can be anywhere, and with just a few taps, I can instantly find seats.
I actually just used SeatGeek to buy tickets to a Bruins game.
Didn't need to because I got immediate pass because I'm a journalist.
Not a big deal.
But SeatGeek is designed to make your ticket buying experience easier than ever.
SeatGeek saves you time and money by searching multiple ticket sites to compare prices and find amazing deals.
Best of all, my listeners get 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter promo code Hockey today.
That's the promo code Hockey.
You know how to spell it for 20 off of your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
I am a real American.
Fight for the rights of every man. I am a real American. Fight for what's right. Fight for your life.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode Jose Teodoro of the Spitting Chicklets podcast.
He's a good looking man, that Jose Teodoro.
Brought to you by Bastion Sports.
What up, what up?
He liked to get at it, I heard.
Yeah, I mean, that guy was a legend.
MVP of the league one year.
Yeah, because that wouldn't have happened in any other city, too.
What's up, Grinnelly?
Hello, gentlemen.
What's going on, boys?
Happy New Year to all our listeners.
Again, just to reiterate, a big thank you for everybody for the support last year.
It was a much better year than we could have dreamed of, anticipated.
It was fantastic.
So thanks to everybody for listening.
You guys are just the best.
Yeah.
It was a year, again, it just exceeded everything.
We didn't really have expectations.
We just kind of go with the flow.
And looking back, it really blew us away.
So thanks to everybody.
I had the winter class the other day.
Boy Wits did a tremendous video for the NHL Network.
Oh, you like that video, guys?
I'm a straight shooter.
I don't kiss ass.
That was fucking hilarious.
Wow, I appreciate that.
I appreciate that.
That was the most fun I've ever had working in a hockey media.
You can see it in your face, dude.
Because I wasn't behind a desk, right?
You're walking around, great setting.
I mean, they cut out some pretty funny shit.
One guy started
chirping me in the hallways like hey you saw the nhl jaguars you guys picked the wrong team for
this game you're biased fucks and i was like that guy just chirped me and it was all on camera and
they didn't put it in there i thought that'd be like on outtakes or something but it was a lot
of fun the game i mean to be honest i watched the game uh by the way you know that's how i just say
to be honest you know you said that yeah oh are way, you know, so I just say to be honest, you know, I said that.
Oh, are you lying to us?
Yeah.
I was told that's a horrible thing to say because like, obviously, you're being honest.
You're telling people stuff.
Right.
So it's a huge crutch of mine, actually, in the, you know, the hockey analyst type thing.
It's like when you say I don't like to talk about.
So I should say.
So when I say to be honest now, just say, why are you saying that?
It's like when you say, I don't like to talk about people behind the back. So when I say to be honest now, just say, why are you saying that?
But watching the game, it was tough at the beginning, man.
Those shadows.
Those shadows.
Why don't they just wait until 4.30 and then put the lights on?
Yeah, that was kind of like, man, like someone said,
they didn't have anyone who knew.
Weather's pretty advanced nowadays.
You can find out where the wind's going to blow on a certain day,
when the sun's going to come in.
And I'm watching.
I'm like, oh, my God.
Like, come on, boys.
More so for the viewers.
I'm sure it affected the guys, but not in a huge way.
Yeah.
But the viewers, I'm like, Jesus Christ.
You might as well have 50 beers and then try to watch this game.
You can't even see the puck.
It was pretty brutal.
I mean, it did pass.
It was over by the end of the first period.
But you only get three periods.
And you really shouldn't have one of them
obstructed by gigantic fucking
shadows all over the field. But
as for the game... I mean, good to... By the way,
you diehard fans,
fun day. Good for you for going because
it was like three degrees out.
I don't know if... You're
crazy, I think, if you went, but you're a hell of a
fan. Yeah, it's not an easy thing.
What a sports nut. I went to the one at Fenway.
Great time.
Similarly frigid day.
It was brutal over there.
And then the one down at Foxborough was awful.
That ruins you.
Yeah, that was just...
I think they should be in baseball stadiums.
Yeah, football stadiums.
Do you think that it's good the way it's going?
We've talked about this before, actually.
We have, but we can beat the dead horse a little more.
I think that people just... I don't know if it's played out.
I know it's like it's 10 years now, but at the end of the day, it's just a game.
And if it's sold out and they're selling 50,000 tickets for it, the NHL is going to keep doing it because the marketing is good.
And honestly, I think it's great.
Like New Year's Day used to be college football all day.
And yeah, if you're a college football nut, it still is.
But I think that when people talk sports on New Year's Day day the winter classic is part of the conversation now so i think
they've made some inroads yeah i agree and i for like next year like notre dame chicago boston that
like gets that gets my you know my blood flowing yeah it gets me going but like there's some there's
some jesus there's some things that there's some locations and teams that i'm just like whatever
right um i think that'll be that's kind of natural for everyone but yeah it's it's not like you said There's some things that  there's some locations and teams that I'm just like, whatever. Right.
I think that's kind of natural for everyone.
But, yeah, it's not  like you said, I mean, it works.
I like one a year.
Right. One a year makes it  I mean, I think one year they did like five or six and they got rid of that.
Yeah.
Because it's too much.
But it is  you're right.
I mean, it is a little different New Year's Day when you can get some hockey in, especially gambling-wise.
It's like, oh, you don't have to just do football.
There's nothing better than starting the year with a winner.
Who'd you have in the game? Who'd you bet?
I had the Rangers and the under.
I was two for two.
You could bet overtime. I had
tied after regulation.
Plus 290.
That's a nice one. I got to give a shout-out to my
boy Matt Murley who comes on here.
He came on this podcast.
He said, wit is three degrees out under, dude.
And I was like, yeah, he's right.
Like what a stupid idea, Murl.
It was a miracle it ended up being under.
There was three goals in the first period, I think.
Yeah.
But I'm thinking like he knows exactly what he's talking about.
It's too cold to play.
And then they start snapping around.
I'm like, oh, shit.
So Lundqvist came through big for me that one.
Yeah, nice.
It was an enjoyable game.
I mean, shadows notwithstanding,
if you sat there
and watched the game,
it was a fun game to watch.
I mean, I went to overtime,
got a nice goal in overtime.
And, you know, like I said,
we made a few bucks.
Puckline City,
Tuesday night, dude.
I texted these two guys,
what, six games?
I said, I have pucklines
in these fashions.
Four out of the six came in.
Not a big deal.
Yeah, that is actually a nice, that's a really nice evening. I mean, An have puck lines in these fashions. Four out of the six came in. Not a big deal.
Yeah, that is actually a nice, that's a really nice evening.
I mean, Anaheim dummied Vancouver.
Ryan Miller back in Vancouver shuts him out.
You called that.
I said, why didn't I max bet that?
I mean, that's just Ryan Miller back in Vancouver, the way Anaheim's going.
Getzlaff is so nasty at hockey. I still don't even get to see him that much.
The late games I work at NHL, I always watch him. But
last night, we had action going, so I'm watching
the game. That was Tuesday night.
Tuesday night. Yeah, I'm sorry. I always
do that. Big J.
So, gets left, though.
He had this assist to Raquel. He's just...
That guy is so nasty. And Anaheim's got Kessler
back now. Who, by the way, we haven't
even... Did we mention that we're having
on Brady Kachuk on this episode? Oh, yeah.
We always do it. Brady Kachuk joining us. Brady Kachuk
from the U.S. World Junior Star, the U.S.
World Junior Team, who will be
playing Sweden the night that
this drops. Tonight. Thursday night. So you guys are listening.
Yeah, I'm really good with my days right now.
So, funny, you know, Ryan Kessler
comes up in that conversation. You'll see why. But he's
going now for Anaheim.
And what we said before the year, that's a sick team.
If they can get healthy,
they could go in the playoffs and easily
win the West. I think I might have even thrown some money
on the other day because you've been talking them up
for the last while, rightfully so.
No, I was just like, when they get healthy,
they're going to be... They have to be
good. They got all these studs. Weren't they your
cup pick? Were they?
I think so. No, I think I picked Tampa.
I've been saying to everyone I picked Tampa for the year,
so maybe I've been making that up.
You've been high on them all year, though, the Ducks.
Bro, thanks, bro.
I'm a professional.
Oh, by the way, we got some breaking news here.
It won't be breaking news for you guys.
So Jonathan Marcheseau signs an extension 5 million a year.
Six-year deal.
Wow, he's making 900,000 this year.
How about that guy's playing Vegas?
I mean, that just leads us right into them.
They beat Nashville Tuesday night at home.
Dude.
They beat, who do they have?
Do they have St. Louis coming up, or do they beat them at home, too?
They beat Nashville, Tampa, Washington, fucking L.A. at home.
I know.
It's crazy
it's absolutely
you know they beat LA
at home
after playing the night before
in Anaheim
on a double end of a
back end of a back to back
double end of a back to back
yeah who's
who's zonked out here
but no you called it dude
you called the Vegas flu dude
they're still doing it
they dummied fucking Toronto
the other day
they beat Nashville
last night 3-0
it's absolutely insane
with the dome
by the way Anaheim 20-1 to win the cup.
That's a pretty good price.
I might throw that in.
Listen, we said the Vegas flu before the air.
I said it.
I love that city.
Yeah, I said it.
Listen, I've been to that city.
It's impossible to not get in one.
It's impossible.
I remember I used to go with my buddies, and we'd all be going Thursday,
and me and Merles would go Wednesday just to get in there early and get set up.
And then you can't even go out and get loaded that night because you're in Vegas.
How are you supposed to not go out and get after it?
So we said the Vegas fool.
If you've been betting on them at home, you're rich right now.
If you listen to me, you're rich.
You have so much money.
They're 17-3 at home right now, I think.
It's insane.
And that Marcia show, sorry to interrupt you.
That's all right.
He's a huge part of it.
I mean, this guy scored 30 in Florida.
They get rid of him.
Gallant's like, come on down, dude.
Yeah.
And he's dominating.
He's their leading scorer, and he deserves that money.
Good for that guy.
Yeah, good for him.
I don't know him.
I hope he's a good guy.
But holy shit, 30 million in the bank after having some point in your career
of probably thinking, I'm never going to make it.
I'm looking up his hockey DB.
Yeah, go ahead.
In the meantime, we're going to switch gears.
Dude, when is the Montreal media going to call out Bergevin up there?
I called him the other day.
They're talking about trading Patsy already.
Now, let's go back a little.
They decided a couple of years ago, no, we don't want to give the captaincy to PK.
We don't want to make him the face of our franchise or the cornerstone for the future we want to give it to
max patchy already and now two years later they're fucking shopping around after having traded pk
what a disaster up there i mean they brought in clode i love clode he was great in boston but
you have to you had to wonder we did talk about on this show is his style is his what he does
as a coach is that going to work a, in Montreal because they don't prefer that
style, and B, is it relevant?
Is it still going to work in today's modern NHL?
And I think we're seeing the results, and it's been
ugly, man. It's been ugly in Montreal.
No sympathy, by the way. I'm just acknowledging some points here.
But, dude, Bergevin skates up there.
The media is up his ass, no?
Yeah,
it doesn't seem like he takes
that much heat. Grinelli, I need you to look up Pat Ciardi's HockeyDB right now. I can't fucking spell his seem like he takes that much heat Grinnelli He takes none
Grinnelli, I need you to look up
Pat Shreddy's HockeyDB right now
I can't fucking spell his name right
And HockeyDB, what a website
This is good advertising for them
You can look up any player's stats ever
You have to spell the name exactly right
Oh yeah
Like, what the fuck?
You can't give me a list
When I misspell a Russian's name
Of similar names
This is the part where the English mage makes fun of the jock.
Well, I mean, what, for not getting spelling right of some Russian?
All right, so Max Pacioretty.
Listen, this guy, Bergevin's quote was,
you know, we're looking at, I'm paraphrasing.
I should have the original, the real one.
But he said something like, yeah, Pacioretty's like,
I don't know if he said he's on the market,
but it was brought up, and he's like, yeah, we're looking for goal scoring.
You're looking for goal scoring?
The guy has, like, top five most goals in the NHL in the last six years.
I don't even understand what's, like, they've turned on him quick.
I mean, that doesn't surprise me.
You can get turned on there after a pregame skate before the game they can turn on you.
Like, two years isn't years isn't long in Montreal, but I still can't believe how quickly they've just thrown him under the bus.
It seems like he gets no...
You hear players say that he's a great leader and stuff, but the media just rips him.
I mean, he's been awesome.
He's American.
I mean, I think that's a fact
though. Starting in
2013-14, 39
goals, 37 goals, 30 goals,
35 goals. Dude, the last
four years, he's been one of
the best goal scorers in the NHL, and this year
he's having a bad year. The team's not good.
That guy, if they trade him, he will light it
up somewhere. I guarantee it.
Absolutely. I guarantee it.
If he gets traded, give him a goal every other game.
If he gets traded and he gets 20 games on another team,
I give him at least 10 goals.
I'm calling it right now.
Again, as a Bruins fan, I love it because I hate the Canadians.
Actually, there's a part of me that wishes they were good
just to have them relevant in the league,
but then it's also like, well, no, because they're being arrogant about it.
The media, I think that, yeah, Bergevin's a French-speaking guy.
They love that shit.
And they're going to run Pacioretty out of town.
It's like, oh, yeah, how many players is he going to be allowed to trade out of town
just to keep ruining this team, man?
It's sad as a fan of the NHL to see the most prestigious franchise fall
and that no one apparently wants to call this guy out.
Because, I mean, if it's not his fault,
then it's the ownership, okay? Because ownership
had okay PK. I guess we should throw that
disclaimer in there. It might not all be
on Bergeron because the Molson company, the Molson's,
they own it, and you don't trade a guy like PK
for Shea Weber without ownership
giving approval on it. And the fact that
they're still being bitchy
about the fact that PK started a
charity endeavor without
involving the team, which he was under no obligation to.
And that's supposedly the reason they traded him.
That's just absolutely foolish.
So F you, Montreal.
Keep fucking up your team.
We really don't care.
Tuesday night, the U.S. beat the Russians, though.
Yeah.
Well, quickly, though, before we go, Jonathan Marsh, the show.
He loves this guy.
He got a full year in the A, 11-12 AHL.
Next year, AHL.
AHL for pretty much five, six years.
And so good for that guy.
He gets released, and he shows up to Vegas, lights it up again,
and he gets a big payday.
So happy for him.
Those are great stories.
That's what the American-Canadian dream of the NHL is.
I mean, at this point, it's to make the NHL and win the Stanley Cup.
But now with the money, it's like, I mean, it's to make the NHL and win the Stanley Cup, but now with the money,
it's like,
I can go make,
you know,
I can go set myself up for life,
so good for that kid.
Yeah, absolutely.
We always like guys.
And that's a story of all good,
there's gonna be other guys
that's happened to in Vegas too,
because they're playing nasty.
So it's fun to watch
and keep taking them at home.
This is not gonna change,
I don't think.
Yeah, it's great.
I mean, like Toronto,
and I'm not gonna talk about
who I might have money on, but Toronto the other day was a fucking noon game., it's crazy. I mean, like Toronto, and I'm not going to talk about who I might have money on, but Toronto, the other day,
it was a fucking noon game.
Well, noon, I mean, like those guys get
in late Friday night, Saturday night,
you're not going to stay in your hotel room in Vegas on Saturday,
and then you play in the afternoon the next day. You're at least going
to dinner. Recipe for disaster.
Yeah, and you brought up the World Juniors. Yeah.
So, yeah, huge win. Huge win.
For people that, and
I was one of the people who said this,
what is going on with this attendance?
I guess there was a blizzard.
Part of the highway was shut down in Buffalo because that was, I mean,
for the quarters against Russia, I thought that it would be pretty packed.
So hopefully moving forward, if there's no snow issues and stuff,
the place can get bumping because they got Sweden coming up tonight.
Yeah, huge game. and stuff, the place can get bumping because they got Sweden coming up tonight.
Yeah, huge game. And we got our boy Brady Kachuk who is willing to come on in the middle of the tournament.
He's dominating.
So we're going to welcome him in right now.
And now we are pleased to bring in Brady Kachuk, star winger for Team USA, star winger for BU.
Going to be a very high draft pick. Buddy, we know you're in the middle of the world juniors, so winger for Team USA, star winger for BU, going to be a very high draft pick.
Buddy, we know you're in the middle of the world juniors,
so thank you for coming on.
How you been?
I'm doing good.
Thank you for having me.
Anytime, anytime.
Listen, our first question is, or my first question is,
so we want to let the listeners know, it's not a question, I guess,
that you are right now the night before playing Sweden in the semifinals.
So I think when everyone listens, you know,
it'll be exciting for them to know what happened and the outcome.
But we want to know, like, that game, that outdoor game where you starred in
and you had such a big role, how good did that feel
and how special was playing in that game?
I mean, it's my first time playing in an outdoor game,
especially when there's 44,000 people there.
It was kind of surreal.
So, I mean, especially against Canada, we really want to beat those guys.
It's a huge rivalry.
So, to come out on top and, you know, Ottinger and Goal played awesome.
There's a lot of guys who played really good that night.
But, no, it was just one of the best hockey experiences I've ever been a part of.
There's some rumors going around that you're a member of Bill's Mafia now.
Do you care to comment on that?
Of course.
I love the Bills.
Love the Mafia.
I see those videos all the time of breaking tables.
I just think it's awesome.
And the city of Buffalo and the people there and the fans,
they're so passionate.
It was definitely awesome being caught screaming that.
It was just a lot of fun.
So, Brady, we want to let everyone know that you did grow up in St. Louis, right,
when your dad was playing with the Blues?
Yeah, yes, I did.
All right, so what made BU the number one decision
besides your dad being a star from there?
And how is that going so far?
Are you loving it or what?
It's the best spot.
I mean, the coaching staff, Coach Quinn, and the facilities, it's top notch.
It's best in college hockey.
And for me, it's just, I mean, the biggest thing was just my dad went there.
So I've been cheering for them from a young age.
So, I mean, to have the opportunity to go there, it was right away I wanted to go there.
And now just the team, we've got a tight group this year.
I mean, the stats don't really show.
You know, it looks like we're struggling.
But the past couple weekends, we've really picked it up.
And we're really coming together as a team.
And now we're really confident for the next couple weekends.
Yeah, I mean, that's great to see.
I think that you guys are on the up
and up. These guys know I'm a little
biased towards the Terriers, but I did hear
a pretty funny story that you wanted to
commit to BU
for about a year and your dad wouldn't let you
until Matt decided if he was going
major junior NCAA. Is that true?
That is a little bit
true, yes. I told them
that national championship
game when it was Eichel's
year, I told my mom if they
would have won that, I was committing the next day.
But I had to wait a couple more weeks
after that until my brother made the decision.
Then right after that, I was like, I told
my dad, all right, I'm committing to be
here right now. And he's like, all right, call
Coach Quinn. So I called Coach Quinn, and yeah.
That's awesome.
Now, listen, I think the first half of the year at BU, like you guys said,
it has gone the way it has.
But I talked to a scout about two weeks before the World Juniors
who told me that you were going to dominate once Buffalo came.
And that's certainly happened.
You know, we've seen you have these big games, your style of play,
powerful with a lot of finesse, good hands.
Tell me how good you feel right now,
and what's kind of clicked to get you playing this well?
I mean, it definitely feels good.
The team's doing well, too, so we're really happy about that.
But I've been put in a good spot playing with Casey Middlestead.
He's an unbelievable player.
Spitting chicklets alum.
Spitting chicklets alum. Spit and chicklets alum.
Yeah, he's a great guy too.
So, I mean, just to play with him.
And, you know, our team is  we're really tight.
We're a really confident group too.
We really believe we can win this tournament.
But I think for all of us, we just all accepted our roles
and we're all doing it for each other.
But, no, we're just really excited.
I don't know, take on Sweden tomorrow and hopefully everything goes well and we're all doing it for each other. But no, we're just really excited. I'll take on Sweden tomorrow and hopefully everything goes well
and we're just a really confident group.
Brady, your dad was obviously one of the more prolific goal scorers
in NHL history.
Your brother's, in addition to being a pain in the ass in the ice,
he's a pretty good playmaker out there.
I know you haven't got drafted yet, but if things play out as everybody wants
and hopes, what do you envision yourself as?
More of a playmaker, more of a sniper, a little bit of both?
Yeah, I mean, I just try to make as many plays as I can,
try to set up as many guys as I can.
I mean, for me, just try to be net front, you know, below the goal line,
just around the net making plays, like give and go.
Maybe take it to the net, cause some havoc for a rebound goal or something.
But for me, it's just try to play my hardest every shift and try to be my best for my line
mates and make plays for them.
So Charlie McAvoy, a star defenseman of the Bruins, he's also a Spittin' Chicklets alum.
He told me that his theory on you and Matt is that when most parents were teaching their
kids how to skate, Keith was teaching you and Matt how to get away with murder on the ice.
Is that true?
Yeah.
I mean, for us, Matt and I don't really care what people think about us.
I love it.
I love it.
We just try to get under as many guys' skins as we can
and try to cause havoc, get them off their game.
But for us, that's just kind of who we are.
We just love it, and we just think it's so funny yeah so when you got uh started playing in the ushl with the with the
national development program um and and fighting became a part of the game were you were you did
you chuck them a little bit were you uh were you getting into that i'm assuming the way you played
there was there was a couple of those first first few years in the in the ushl yeah well for us for the u.s uh ntdbt ntdp team we couldn't
really fight we had cages on and a few photos i guess uh oh really but yeah that's a new rule
but at times yeah but at times i mean there was a couple scrums a couple punches thrown but
there was this one time my 18 year and just you know end of the game we're winning and
i think uh one of our uh
you know i don't know if you know sean do he's a 5-2 kid he's he's a really good player he played
on my teams at wisconsin now he kind of got hit a little cheaply so i mean there's a little bit of a
no not not so much line bro but i i kind of paired up with this guy and uh the gloves came off and
started throwing a couple punchers so i was i think that was the only time I've gotten into a little bit of a fight.
It happens, and I loved it.
It was a lot of fun.
In talking about fighting, do you know the one player who has fought your brother and your father in an NHL game?
Yeah, Ryan Kessler.
I've watched both of those fights multiple times.
I'd say my dad did a lot better than Matthew.
I'd say Matthew took a hard right, but they both did well.
I've seen that a couple times, and I think my dad jumped him a little bit,
but it's hilarious.
I think that mouthpiece might still be flying from last week.
If it came down to it, again,
I'm probably putting the cart a little bit ahead of the horse here,
but just say if it came down to it in an NHL game situation,
would you and Matthew drop gloves and chuckknocks with each other or what?
I mean, if he cheap shot at a teammate or myself,
and I would probably get in his face, and then I would wait for him.
If he dropped the gloves and threw a punch,
I would probably drop them and, drop him and maybe go at him.
But my parents both agreed that I would win that fight.
I took the words right out of my mouth.
I was going to ask who wins and you beat me to it.
So now it's pretty cool.
I was actually saying to someone before I came up here for this interview that your
dad's this amazing Hall of hall of fame player and and the
career he had so incredible and you and matt are these future you know young gun like future stars
in the league so the odds of having one kid to do that in the nhl is incredible and you guys are
probably you know he's going to have two um so growing up with with matthew and being around
the rink with your dad like how much did that affect that how much did that matter do you have
stories and memories of being around players?
And I can't imagine how cool it was.
Yeah, I mean, it was definitely whenever we didn't have school
when we were younger, every weekend, my brother and I would have the chance
to go on the ice before my dad would practice.
And, you know, just some memories to have.
Just a TGO, she'd just come out there, stick handling, joking around with us.
And Alex Petrangelo would just come out there, shoot some pucks while we're out there.
And my brother and I would either wait in the equipment room
or we would just sit on the bench while they were skating.
And then after, right when the coach pulled the whistle for practice,
my dad gave us a head nod to get back out there
and just stickhandling with guys like David Backus,
like Andy McDonald when he was playing, Paul Correa,
and just guys like that and just, like Andy McDonald when he was playing, Paul Correa, and just guys like that.
And just seeing them off the ice too and how they prepare for each practice
and each day.
Then after each game, my brother and I would play mini sticks in the locker room.
There would be a couple fights too, so we had to get those broken up
when we were younger.
But for us, it's just special.
Right now, it's just kind of realizing that not a lot of people have the chance to do that.
So it's really special, and it was awesome.
Now, Brady, growing up, your dad, like we were saying, is a big player now.
Obviously, he retired.
I think you were probably 10 or 12 years old when he retired.
Yeah.
So did you watch a lot of his career highlights on video?
Did you try to gain any tips from watching him? I mean, obviously, you would talk to him. But did you kind a lot of his like career highlights on on video did you try to gain like
any tips from like watch him i mean obviously you would talk to him but did you kind of get
like style points okay he does this thing because i know when i watch you guys play
i get flashbacks to watching your dad play especially when matthew does that little
hit shit is when he's skating up ice but did you learn things from like watching video of him or
was it just kind of all like in-person stuff yeah yeah i mean there's not so much video of him back then
and i mean i try looking it up on youtube just some of his goals but i mean for for me i just
kind of learned from him for like from experience and him just telling me uh that he's gone through
it and but for me it's just i mean i i look up once in a while some of his fights and goals so
it's kind of fun to see see him do that but no, for me, it's just outside of my practice,
he kind of critiques everything about practice or games for myself.
So for him to do that and for me to learn from it,
I think it's a real special thing to have.
What aspect of his game do you think you have the most of in your game?
I say his feistiness.
He wasn't afraid of anybody
out there. He would go
and fight anybody if someone
took advantage of him or a teammate.
I think I have that for sure from him.
I'm not afraid of the physical
contact out there. I'm not
afraid of anybody out there. I think that's
the biggest thing I have from him.
I got two things to go back on.
One, I can just picture you two out there like Spear and Petrangelo
and Steen in the balls when you're 10 years old.
I can guarantee that happened.
And the second thing is, did you say the kid at USA who got hit was 5'2"?
Yeah, I did.
Cal Ingram?
Yeah.
No, he's Sean.
He's an awesome player, but yeah, he was,
I guess he, in USA MTV history, he was the shortest, shortest guy that would come through
and no, but for him, he just kind of proved everybody wrong. And, and he, everyone was
saying he was too small, but he's lighting it up still. And he's at Wisconsin as a true
freshman. So he's, you know, lighten it up and having a blast there under Tony Granato.
Holy shit, good for him.
Going back to Tuesday night, Brady, what was the feeling on the bench
when Russia tied it up?
I know watching the game, we were kind of like, oh, no, let's not have this happen.
Not Russia, those fucking assholes.
But did the bench, did you guys get deflated, or was it just like,
all right, let's just bear down and take this?
What was the mentality on the bench when they tied it late in the game?
Yeah, I mean, it was definitely, you know,
it took a hit for some of us that they scored.
But we all, you know, Joey Anderson, he's been a great captain,
a great leader.
He just, you know, stood up on the bench and he was saying to the boys,
just, you know, keep going, like, just stick with it,
and we're going to get a couple more.
So for him to do that, it really pumped up a lot of us,
and we got super motivated and just super dialed in, play our game,
and get pucks on net, and Kiefer Bellows with an awesome shot.
He's going on the best shot I've seen, and water bottled and everything.
It was awesome.
But for Joe to stand up, it was, he really rallied the guys together.
We knew we were going to win that game.
We were really happy by the end of it.
Brady, I know you saw him in the prelim games before the tourney even started,
but what do you expect to see from Rasmus Dahlin, the potential number one overall pick?
Yeah, you've got to dummy him.
Listen, that's a draft statement game.
You've got to dummy him. Listen, that's a draft statement game. You got to dummy that kid.
Just one big, you know, I just picture
you putting him in the corner and just running him over
first shift.
Yeah, I mean,
he's a really good player. He's a
special player. He's awesome defensively,
but yeah, for me, it's just
maybe the first two shifts, get in the corner
and try to run him through the glass.
That's what I try to do every game against the draft-eligible guys,
try to send a message right away.
But no, for him, he's an awesome player.
He's been compared to Lidstrom and Carlson, and that's for a good reason
because he's a special talent.
He sees the game so well.
But yeah, definitely I'm going to try to put him through the glass.
We're just a few weeks away from your first beanpot in Boston.
I'm really going to date myself here.
It was 27 years ago I saw you at Dad Plague.
I'm having a few pops with him and your uncle after, so I'm the old guy here.
How much are you looking forward to the beanpot, man?
I mean, I have to imagine that was probably part of the reason why I went to BU at least a little bit.
Yeah, for sure.
I've heard nothing but great things about that turnout
at the Garden. It's packed
out for all the games, but I think
this year it's going to be really special because
the second Monday, my brother
will be in town because he plays the Bruins the next
night, so he'll be able to watch
hopefully the finals and hopefully
our team win that and be
successful, but it's going to be extra special
because we're going to have our whole family there.
And, you know, everyone's just counting down the days.
And, you know, I've heard it's just an awesome turnout in the city of Boston.
Loves the beanpot.
So, you know, it's just going to be super exciting.
I mean, of course, playing Harvard first.
You know, those smart guys, hopefully we can, you know, beat them.
Yeah, you got to fuck up some smart kids.
Nerds.
But, no, it's going to be awesome.
So, yeah, I mean, listen, I remember the first one I played in.
It was incredible, man.
It's the best feeling.
And you'll have such a blast.
I scored in that game.
Not a big deal.
But I think you're going to have an unreal time.
The bigger the stage, the better you play.
So I think that'll be awesome.
And going back quick to USA Hockey, when I played at the world junior level,
our age group wasn't the best by any means, but we never could beat Russia.
Any international game, we'd lose, and we just really had no shot.
Now to see your guys in your age and the guys before you,
it's amazing to see how much you guys just dominate teams like them now.
And it's so good for USA hockey.
Have you noticed how much better it's got with kids your age around the
country?
Yeah.
I mean,
credit to USA hockey.
It's really reached out to places like Florida.
We've got Quinn Hughes,
who was born in Florida and peak Andrew peak,
who I think believe,
or I think he lived in Florida for a bit.
How about Jack Hughes?
Oh, that guy.
That kid. For people who
don't know at home listening, is he
17?
He's either
16 or 17. I couldn't tell you.
His highlight YouTube clip
at the national team right now is filthy.
Is that his brother on the defense for
your team right now?
Yeah, that's his older brother.
Wow, so yeah, you're right.
Reaching out to different places, man.
You're 100 right there, huh?
Yeah, so credit to them.
And just right now, USA Hockey is at such a high level.
We consider it the powerhouse, us and Canada still.
But USA is closing in on Canada, being the powerhouse.
But, you know, we just come so confident to play against those teams
because we know we're as good or even better than those teams.
We know the group, too.
We're such a mature, you know, team, and we're just, you know,
we always love beating Russia.
That's awesome, man.
Well, listen, we really appreciate you coming on, dude.
You know, we wish you best of luck the rest of the way.
Also, I really do think that keep your phone by you.
I would be surprised if you don't get a look for the Olympic team, buddy.
I think the way that you've played, you deserve it in my mind.
So keep it up, and good luck the rest of the way.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
Have a good one, guys.
Brady, thanks so much for having us,
and I can't wait to get the latest member of the Hayes Fitzgerald Kachuk
mafioso in the NHL.
Yeah, but there are a bunch of BC pigeons in that family.
Oh, yeah. We'll be all the way.
All right, buddy. Thank you.
Take care, buddy.
This week's interview was brought to you by MyBookie.
Cash. You need it, and I know where to get it.
MyBookie is the best place to score serious cash on your sports predictions.
Believe it or not, the NFL playoffs are here.
College Bowl season is here.
That means there's tons of big games.
But there's also basketball and hockey
you can score big on every day.
So man up or lady up and play like the pros on game day.
You can play the money line, side or total.
MyBookie is your hookup for all your betting needs
and it offers super fast payouts when you win.
Where you bet is just as important
as who you are betting on.
If you want to make money betting the games, go to mybookie.ag.
They're the only site I'd recommend.
I trust them.
You don't have to take my word for it.
Just check them out yourself.
They got odds in every great matchup in a mobile site that makes wagering on your smartphone a breeze.
Join now and mybookie will match your deposit with up to a 50 bonus.
Use the promo code SPIT to activate the offer. That's S-P-I-T. Visit mybookie.ag today. Thank you very much to Brady.
Really good kid, huh?
Dude, great kid.
I mean, like I said.
He's a good guy.
You can just tell.
Comes from a great family.
I mean, his dad is a retired Boston Fire Department lieutenant.
He was a Jake for a long time.
His grandfather?
His grandfather, Keith's dad.
And then his great-grandfather, great-grandpa Pete, he's still around.
Is he really?
In Charlestown, great guy.
Dude, he's still  I was actually at the Calgary game with him last year.
Dude, he still whacks back the Bud Heavies, dude.
I think he's 92.
92 or 94, Mr. Kachuk.
Probably cigarettes too every day maybe. No butts, but he still whacks back the Bud Heavies, dude. I think he's 92. 92 or 94, Mr. Kachuk. Probably cigarettes, too, every day, maybe.
No butts, but he still wax back the Bud Heavies when he's out.
What a legend.
He's a great guy, great family.
So great to have Brady on.
By the way, two weeks back-to-back, Casey Middlestad, Brady Kachuk, top two U.S.
Yeah, there we go, boys.
I mean, this is, I mean, what did Middlestad do after he came on here?
Just was the best player in the tourney?
Yeah.
And we just got the one on the maybe second, third player in the tourney? And we just got one of the maybe second, third best
in the tourney? Yeah. Alright, listen, man.
We're good juju for
Team USA. Hopefully. That's a fact.
So, speaking of Team USA, the other
Team USA, the Olympic roster, by the way, shout out
to our boy Feidelberg who broke the news
on the roster. Yes, yeah, I saw that.
I don't know if he's quite the big J.O.E.
He didn't really want to blog about it, but he broke the news
and he gets credit for it. Well, he probably doesn't know who I am.
I understand.
He's probably like, but how did he?
Did we find out?
I mean, he's not going to tell us, but that was pretty interesting for him to break that roster, no?
Yeah, I mean, if you read it, the text was the exact same order that came on the tweet with the info.
But, hey, he got hooked up.
That's great.
He didn't really get a ton of credit because he didn't really blog it.
He just tweeted about it.
But I had some good buddies make the team, man.
I'm fired up.
I want to ask you about the process now.
How is it that a kid like Brady or Casey, I know obviously they're dominating lately,
but they can still get added to the roster at this point?
Do I know?
And why weren't more younger guys chosen?
It seems like there's a lot of questions about the roster.
Can you give us some insight?
Honestly, I don't have a ton of answers,
but I do know that Canada had already decided to release their roster
after the World Juniors.
Now, part of that's, I think, to let the World Juniors happen
and not take anything away, I'm guessing,
and part of it is to see guys on Canada that they're like,
all right, listen, we're going to bring this kid.
USA named theirs before.
I don't know for sure that there's spots available,
but I'm like 99.
What a journalist I'm being right now.
But I've been told and read that,
it was a tweet, I got to figure it out,
but it said, I wouldn't be surprised to see Casey Middlestad
added to the roster by the U.S. Olympic team.
And I figured, all right, well, if that guy's saying that,
I think it was an NHL Network guy,
then there has to be a chance that USA can do that.
Because why would they not watch the World Juniors
when they've already named some college players
prior to the original roster?
You know, Ryan Donato from Harvard.
Great to see that.
Jordan Greenway from BU.
I'm probably forgetting.
Troy Terry.
Troy Terry.
Yeah.
USA hero.
And then Brogdon from St. Cloud State.
Okay.
So they got four awesome elite level NCAA players, right?
They still have two more goalies to pick too.
Okay.
But my question is, if you're taking those guys,
well, Casey Middlestad's one of the best players in college hockey,
and Brady Kachuk is, I mean, you've watched him play now.
Why wouldn't you want him?
So it's like, will they leave room?
Now, having said all that, I had guys, friends of mine that made the team
that I'm so happy for.
Bobby Butler, did you guys see the video of him telling his father?
That was awesome. I played with Butter
in Florida up and down
and then in Sweden when I played
two games and retired when I was minus three after the
first period. We were together.
It was going to be me and him that year. It sucked
when I was leaving.
But I was so pumped for him and to see him tell
his dad, that was awesome.
I don't have a cold black hat.
Dude, that was unbelievable.
Because at first you thought he might have told him.
But he first went over and kind of patted him.
And then you realize he tells him.
And then he just gives us like the proud dad hug.
And he gets out.
I mean, it's just a tremendous video.
We'll tweet it from the account.
I mean, I'm sure everyone's seen it at this point.
Everybody's seen it at this point.
Motts, our legend buddy, Mike Motto, every morning,
he'd be like, What's up, brother?
How you doing, brother?
And they'd just
Mott's and him were buddies
So we're happy for him
No Welsh local kid
From Brighton
He played at Harvard
I played with him growing up
Little, I guess, bad news
For the Chicklets clan
Boy Bugsy was a little disappointed
I know
I mean
And all due respect to Brian Jontha
But he was retired
I thought it was kind of
Yeah, that was already I know he's representing his country and you'll come out of retirement for that.
Well, I think they had told him before.
I think this is me speculating that when he retired, he's like retiring to play on the Olympic team and be done.
All right.
If that's the case.
Honestly, that's a guess.
That's a guess by me.
But I'm assuming, you know, with his career and I was bummed, man.
I mean, I haven't spoke to Buggs.
I'll reach out to him. But, I mean, I hope he's doing all career. I was bummed, man. I mean, I haven't spoke to Buggs. I'll reach out to him.
But, I mean, I hope he's doing all right.
I mean, he should be.
They should have taken him.
I disagree with it, especially with, you know,
they've got guys who've never played international.
He played in the Olympics, and he's been there.
It's like you don't want someone that's been there.
I mean, that was their decision.
But Buggs hopefully rips it up for Iowa the rest of the year. Well, like when we had him on the there, I mean, that's just, that was their decision. But Buggs hopefully rips it up for Iowa the rest of the year.
Well, like when we had him
on the show,
I mean, obviously,
we were hoping to get
on the Olympic team,
but now that he hasn't,
he may be, you know,
on the playoffs, Minnesota.
He could be a force for them
to come April and May.
So he might get his,
not last lap,
but he may still well contribute
to a significant team this year.
So hang in there, Buggs,
and hopefully we'll see you at Minnesota.
When I saw the video of Bonner with his dad, I was like,
oh, what was it like when I told my dad?
And then I was like, oh, I actually didn't even make the team to begin with.
The real team they announced at the Winter Classic I wasn't on.
Then Comisarica Paul Martin got hurt, and I got added.
So then I got to call him.
But that was still pretty cool.
Yeah, that's still good.
A little different, though, than the viral video of the big hug
I guess I was just a
little surprised there
wasn't more amateurs
on it I guess that
was the yeah no and
that's not a
disrespect to the
old guys were on it
obviously with anyone
who can be on the
Olympic team is great
it just historically
they've been a team
like they're a lot
more amateurs but
whoever's on it go
get the ball boy
to be you guy Hobie
Baker winner in the
KHL.
Wisinski.
Wisinski?
James Wisniewski played with him.
Me and the Wiz men, we lived together when we got traded to Anaheim.
That was a blast.
I remember his wife, or his wife now, his girlfriend at the time, would stay with us.
And my father was going around the house when he came to visit, just opening doors.
He opened the door.
She's changing. I'm like, Dad, what. He opened the door. She's like changing.
I'm like, Dad, what the fuck are you doing?
She's like, hey, I'm in here.
I'm like, holy shit, sorry, Wiz.
My dad walked in on your girlfriend.
But he was a hell of a competitor.
He played in Germany this year just to play, just to get a chance to play in the Olympics.
He did it.
So happy for him.
It's pretty cool. Like I mentioned Noah Welsh, he was thinking about retiring this year,
and like a lot of guys, you know,
played to get a chance at this and then makes the team.
It's like, what an amazing way to end your career.
Yeah, what would you do?
What would you do if you were in this situation?
If this was kind of your last year and you had the option
where you could, you know, you could play,
like in St. Louis, kind of like you did.
I would have played for sure.
When I retired, I literally couldn't play.
I would have kept playing in Sweden.
I 100 would have
if you're going to retire
and they're like,
hey, keep playing
and I would have
100 done it.
I just couldn't even move.
Ryan, come to
Soviet Russia.
You can play
until 75
with our magical potions.
It's not very popular.
Exactly.
Take a needle
in the hoop every day
and all of a sudden
you'll be buzzing around like Nick Lindstrom.
You go back to America, hot trophy winner.
Just keep drinking my potion, Ryan.
Okay, so good luck to our boys, both in Buffalo and in Pyeongchang in a month.
But now it's time for our weekly segment.
We're going to probably expand the All Right Hamiltons to accept more than hockey questions,
because we appreciate the questions we've been getting.
But if we're getting a little repetitive maybe,
we're getting different versions of the same questions.
Yeah, Ari doesn't get to answer a lot of them.
Well, I'm not.
I don't make it sound like I'm being a bitchy about it.
I said it.
I'm just busting your balls, dude.
So, yeah, we're going to open up next week to more than hockey,
just pop culture, life, whatever.
I honestly think we can have a lot more fun with a tool
when it's not specific to hockey.
Just better questions is all we need.
That's true.
A couple, one, two better questions.
That's true, Mikey.
They can step it up, too.
I don't want to criticize.
Go ahead.
So Custodian Noah asks, favorite movie that makes you cry but you still watch it?
All right, Hamilton.
Wow.
You want to go over it?
No, I don't know.
You know what?
I'm just thinking that's, yeah, that's.
I got mine right away
Go ahead
Marley and me
Marley and me
Is that the dog movie?
It's the dog movie
It's the dog
It's so sad
I haven't seen that
I haven't seen that
It's so sad
I've never had a dog
But fuck have I seen how sad it is
For people who lose a dog
Big dog guy
So I'm assuming that's a
That's a
That's a crier
It's not just like a
Like a couple tears
You're weeping
You're weeping You're wiping boogers Oh yeah Drier. It's not just like a couple tears. Oh, you're weeping. You're weeping.
You're wiping boogers.
Oh, yeah.
Drying tears.
It's bad.
This isn't a hot guy statement at all, like really.
Hot old.
I don't have a movie that makes me cry every time.
There have been a couple documentaries I've cried watching, but I don't have one movie
I put this on, I'm going to blubber.
I don't mean, I probably can count on half a hand.
There's not a movie that makes you cry like a non a fictional movie no i mean wait wait so you oh wait as opposed to
a documentary are you saying are you saying like lone survivor is like like that no that's a that's
a motion picture i'm i'm talking like a documentary like which is a documentary not it's a i'm talking
about a non-fiction movie that's produced by Hollywood
that has actors.
That's what I'm saying.
Okay, I don't know.
I don't really cry at movies
that are produced by Hollywood.
I've watched documentaries.
And again, I'm not saying I never cry.
That's not what I'm saying.
I'm saying I don't really cry
when people are pretending.
It's just I can separate that.
But if it's a documentary,
man, if you ever watch Dear Zachary
or Call Me Lucky
or one of these harrowing documentaries, dude, you'll be a fucking puddle after.
Oh, yeah, 100.
I have been.
I'd cry at a puppy commercial.
But I'm saying my point is that you say you can differentiate between the real and the
acting.
I think I can, too, but I'm just like, this did happen.
This is real so yeah
they're acting but this is they're acting out what happened yeah i mean i'm struggling to think of
like a movie i watched where i was like not lone survivor no well at the end when they're going
through the guy's pictures that's when i was like yeah i i just and i'm not i'm not trying to buy
your heart no i'm like and it's not any particular genre or whatever. I mean, I've been moved at the end of a movie and stunned and slack-jawed.
But I mean, I don't know.
I just felt like, again, it's an acting movie.
But documentaries, man, like I said, I watch them.
Call Me Lucky.
It's a pretty harrowing subject matter.
And I was like, I mean, I had fucking tears rolling down my face watching that movie at a certain scene.
So, yeah, documentaries get me.
Fucking motion pictures with acting, not so much.
So did you come up with a movie or not?
Did I?
Oh, I thought A Lone Survivor right away.
Yeah, I mean, what was it?
Was it the best movie that makes you cry or just a movie?
A movie.
A movie that makes you cry that you still continue to watch.
So probably A Lone Survivor.
Yeah, I would watch that again.
I'd watch that.
Dude, I think I cry when Red and fucking, what's his name,
Hug on the beach in Mexico.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, Shawshank.
That one made me cry, I think.
Also, when Johnny Castle pulls Baby out of the corner, boy.
That's a four-hanky job right there.
What's that?
You don't know when Johnny Castle, nobody puts Baby in the corner?
Is that a...
No, no, I know the movie. What's it called? You tell me. don't know when Johnny Castle, nobody puts baby in the corner? Is that a...
No, no, I know them.
What's it called?
You tell me.
We think when he hates a racist,
he hates the Asian kids.
Holy fuck, yo, way off, dude.
Johnny Castle, Patrick...
You're thinking of Gran Torino.
Nobody puts baby in a corner.
Isn't that from that?
I don't know.
You think nobody puts baby in the corner
from a racist movie starring who?
Clint Eastwood.
Clint Eastwood.
No, Johnny Castle.
This is hilarious.
We're so fucking way off track.
Johnny Castle was Patrick Swayze in Dirty Dancing.
Nobody puts Baby in the Corner.
That's what that line, that's the movie that lines from.
Yeah, you thought it was from a racist Clint Eastwood movie.
I thought it was from Gran Torino when she was the, oh, no, no, no, no.
I thought it was from the boxing movie with that girl, dude.
Oh, Million Dollar Baby.
Nobody puts Million Dollar Baby in ICU.
So that's...
Her name's Baby, though.
Nobody puts Baby in a corner, right?
In Dirty Dancing.
Okay, that's what I thought, though.
I thought it was from...
Have you seen Dirty Dancing?
Ask a millennial.
Are you familiar with Dirty Dancing?
No, I'm not.
I've seen parts of it.
I'm familiar with it. I'll give you credit that I No, I'm not. I've seen parts of it. I'm familiar with it.
I'll give you credit that I've heard of it.
I still can't.
Honestly, I still can't believe that there's not one movie that makes you cry.
No.
Maybe I'll think of one, but no.
You have to think of one.
I will.
I'm not right now.
We're not going to delay the show any further.
Later, I will.
I'll contemplate this movie.
Give us another one here.
All right.
Jared asks, what type of interest is there in World Juniors at the NHL level?
Is it more only for the players who played in it back when they were teenagers,
or do most guys follow it?
All right, Hamilton.
I think, I mean, everyone follows it,
especially guys who maybe played against one another
or played on the World Junior teams.
But actually, mostly when Canada plays U.S.,
it's pretty funny in the locker room. Guys get action going and a lot of shit talking so that's actually probably
pretty cool i remember watching the in the penguins training facility they since have a new one new
unreal one but uh back in the day canada was playing us when taves had the goals that i was
talking about cornelli one of those top five games when taves kept sniping in the shootout and so
we're watching the locker room and room, and that was pretty funny
because there was a lot of different bets going on and things like that.
So I think it's definitely a big thing in the rooms.
Yeah, and you have such nowadays NHL locker rooms are such an international mix
that everybody has it.
Yeah, Malkin was talking shit about Russia.
You didn't know what he was saying, but he was talking.
He was probably saying bad stuff too.
So, yeah, I'm sure there's a nice little,
you know, competitive atmosphere with that.
And plus, also, the World Juniors,
they've gotten so popular, I think,
even in the last five years,
I think that, you know,
at least in the U.S.,
the players have gotten so much better
that we're, I don't know,
it seems like more fans are cognizant of it,
and I think social media
probably plays a big part as well.
I think it's more that the players are now playing in the NHL the next year.
It's so common now that all of a sudden their household name is in the NHL,
so you know you're watching a kid that next year you're going to be watching
Thursday, Saturday nights at the Garden.
A certain alum of this show, Charlie McAvoy.
Yeah, exactly, like Chucky McAvoy.
Yeah, so I think that
it's a lot of fun to actually have that tournament
going on, and the NHL teams
are staying involved in it. Yeah.
That's going to wrap up a brief All Right Hamilton
this week. This week's All Right Hamilton is brought
to you by Quip. Let's be honest,
you're supposed to brush your teeth for two minutes twice
a day, but do you? Whether your answer
is yes, no, or maybe, you need Quip.
The electric toothbrush that looks like it was designed by Apple and cleans like premium electric brushes but without the high price.
Quip is the new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibrations into an ultra-slim design with guiding pulses to simplify better brushing at a fraction of the cost of bulkier brushes.
Quip comes with a mount that goes right in your mirror, fitting seamlessly into your daily routine.
Quip comes with a mount that goes right in your mirror, fitting seamlessly into your daily routine.
There's an optional subscription plan delivering a new brush heads on dentist-recommended three-month schedule for just 5, including free shipping worldwide.
It's great stuff.
Great design.
I've been using it.
My teeth have never looked better.
Jump all over Quip. The Quip electric toothbrush is featured in just about every gift guide this year that came out.
Oprah had it.
Forbes had it.
GQ.
Everybody's all over this stuff.
It's backed by a network of over 10,000 dental professionals, including dentists, hygienists, and dental students.
Quip starts at just 25.
And right now, when you go to getquip.com slash chicklets to get your first refill pack free with the Quip electronic toothbrush,
that's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chicklets.
That's spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P dot com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Try out Quip.
We've had a pretty fun show.
Shocking news from you.
Shocking news.
Actually, I'll be interested to see if the listeners,
maybe I'm crazy and more people are like you,
but I think that we're going to get a high percentage of people who cry at movies.
Certain movies.
I'm a crier.
I felt bad when Borelli was getting ripped on Barstool Radio because I'm like, I'm the same way as this guy.
I'm a crier.
What did he get ripped for?
He's a crier.
He's a movie crier.
I cry at a lot of movies.
Yeah.
I mean, I've surely.
Who wasn't crying there at Barstool Radio?
Who was the guys chirping them?
No, I think it was KFC.
KFC was chirping them.
Wow.
I would have thought he would cry at movies, too.
Maybe I'm way off here.
I'm interested to see.
I think, guys, it's funny, man.
Like, 20 years old, the idea of a guy saying,
I admit he cried in public was like a foreign concept,
but I think guys today more...
I don't see them more in touch with their feelings,
but dudes like what's saying now, they're way more likely to say, like, I cry watching a movie. That's why think guys today, more, I don't have to, I'm not saying they're more in touch with their feelings, but dudes like what's saying now,
they're way more likely to say like,
I cry watching a movie.
And that's why I,
I tell you,
man,
I'd cry every time I watch fucking Slapshot and I see Ned Braden's jockstrap.
But I don't,
I don't have a movie that I say I watch and I cry every time.
Like,
I don't know.
It's not a huddle thing.
It's just,
I don't know.
I can't wait to actually get some feedback from our,
our great listeners.
No,
absolutely.
So what else do we have?
Next week I'll be here back from NHL.
Do we have a guest?
We've got a couple.
Yeah, we're going to get some people coming in.
We're going to have our first current goalie at some point.
Active goalie.
We're not going to tell you who.
No, not at all.
But it's going to be fun.
It should be a good one.
We do have some great guests in the chamber.
Like I said, last year was great.
It's only going to be better this year.
Did you watch Black Mirror on Netflix?
No, I watched one episode once where the guy had...
Fucked a pig?
Yes, dude.
And it was good, but it was so also weird.
And I'm like...
But now I hear everybody talking about it.
I'm like, I want to do this new season.
Although I would have to watch that whole first season, wouldn't I?
You sure do got a pretty mouth.
No, that's what's great about Black Mirror.
Any episodes new?
Right.
Now, it was funny.
I watched one episode of the new season for the so-called Star Trek episode.
Check it out.
It's called USS McAllister.
I'm shocked you watched a Trekkie episode.
No, I'm not a Trekkie.
I'm a Star Wars guy.
Huge difference.
Same, same, same.
No, they're not the same.
I'm going to make you cry If you keep saying
Star Trek and Star Wars
Are the same
So anyways
It's a great episode
It's got a lot of like
Subtle social statements in it
It's the only episode I watch
But Black Mirror
Dude you can jump in
Any episode anytime
You know they call it
The modern day Twilight Zone
Yes yes
I know exactly
What the Twilight Zone is
Wow shocker
So it was funny
I watched Black Mirror
From the ride at like
Universal Studios No the ride at like Universal Studios
No the ride is based on the show
But we're all
That's good
At least you know it
We're making progress here
Exactly
Yeah
The Twilight Zone
Probably one of the most
Brilliant television shows ever
Came on the 60s
And it did a lot of the things
That Black Mirror does
So Black Mirror is like
A modern day version
Set in like a
Like slightly futuristic world
Great show
Really creepy
Really like
Holy fuck What would I do in this situation?
So you put the new season you're giving?
I only watched one or two of them.
So far?
I'm just letting people know it's out there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's good stuff.
Jody Foster directs one of the episodes.
I did, like I said, USS McAllister was the episode I watched.
And I won't even talk about it.
I just want people to go in clean and enjoy it.
But definitely check that shit out.
Nothing else going on out there?
Nope.
Nope. Nothing. Nothing, man. Just kicking it. Just kicking it. But definitely check that shit out. Nothing else going on out there? Nope. Nope.
Nothing.
Nothing, man.
Just kicking it.
Just kicking it.
You know, life.
Listen, we got a blizzard coming.
You know, when you guys are listening to this, we're going to be shoveling.
I'm not going to be shoveling, but someone will be plowing.
Listen, I just I want to say thanks again.
So we appreciate you guys listening and we're looking forward to the New year I should say
2018
What's up with that
Grinnelly thanks again for everything you do
Grinnelly's in sickbay today
You're a warrior
I don't want to fight you
But you're a warrior
Alright thank you guys peace out
Everybody have a great day. Oh, beautiful, for he was proved
And liberated in strife
Who more than said
Oh, country love and mercy for the life.
America, America, may God thy glory find, till all success be.
