Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter.
Does your business have any New Year's resolutions?
Here's an important one every business should consider.
Make your hiring process more efficient and effective.
This year, let ZipRecruiter help.
No one has done a better job of transforming how you find the right talent than they have ZipRecruiter posts your job to over a hundred of the web's leading job boards
with just one click then ZipRecruiter actively looks for the most qualified candidates and invites
them to apply they review every application and identify the top candidates so you never miss a
great match no wonder 80 percent of employers who post on ZipRecruiter got a quality candidate through the site in just one day.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Find out today why ZipRecruiter has been used by businesses of all sizes and industries to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results.
And right now, our listeners can post jobs on ZipRecruiter for free.
That's right, free.
Just go to ZipRecruiter for free. That's right, free. Just go to
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. Again, that's ZipRecruiter.com
slash chicklets. One more time to try it for free. Go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode... I'm going to guess...
What up?
What up?
What number?
Crystal Ball Huey.
Was he number 61?
I think he was.
I think he might have been.
We're going to have to double check that.
I think there was a defenseman, Hogue.
Benoit Hogue?
Benoit Hogue.
Is that a real name?
Yeah, Benoit Hogue.
He played for Les Apatons.
And he played for Dallas.
I think he won a cup with the 99 stats.
Producer Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, guys?
What's up, everyone?
What's up, everybody?
How we doing?
Welcome back.
We had thanks for everybody tuning in to our World Junior coverage.
Thanks again to Casey Middlestad and Brady Kachuk.
Congrats to Canada.
Wait, I got a good 61. I got a good 61.
I got a good 61.
Maxim Finneganoff.
Oh, yeah, that guy.
Played against him in Russia, too.
He was a firecracker out there.
He was fast as shit.
Speaking of Buffalo Sabres, of which Maxim played for,
we're going to have former longtime Sabre Brad May
and 2007 Cup winner with the Ducks as well.
He's going to be joining us in a little bit
to get us up to speed on what he's up to,
which is going crazy trying to find out
who the number 61 is over here.
All-star rosters were announced the other day.
They had the four captains.
Was it four captains?
Yeah.
They changed the fucking format so many times.
61, Andre Benoit.
Maybe I'm saying that wrong.
Andre Benoit.
Well, the All-Star game came out.
Yeah, let's forget about 61.
I think that the immediate reaction of everyone is who got screwed.
Listen, this format and the fact that every team has to have a representative,
there's going to be people getting screwed.
Exactly.
It just is what it is because there's only 11 guys.
I mean, you've got six forwards, three Ds, two goalies.
You need a guy from every team.
So I loved Commie's tweet.
Oliver Ekman-Larsen, I think he's minus 32 or 33 right now.
He got named to the All-Star game.
So Commie's green jacket race has finally really gotten some, I think,
some heat.
Yeah, it's actually gotten some legitimacy to it.
I mean, if you win the green jacket, you're now an all-star.
So the game should be fun.
Listen, I mean, there's guys that got screwed.
Voracek leads the leagues in assists.
He was one that kind of stood out.
Tuka Rask stood out to me.
But listen, this game is always going to happen.
That's kind of how it goes.
Unfortunately for some guys that didn't make it,
usually it's the younger guys on entry-level deals,
but you can get screwed out of a bonus,
a big old fat bonus.
So you get 212,000 for guys like Brock Besser.
Clayton Keller would have got that.
That's probably one guy who got screwed out of some money.
But I think the game will still be cool.
I mean, in a sense,
a lot of guys don't even really want to go to the All-Star game.
It's an honor to be named.
But this year, with it being in Tampa, I would assume that people are kind of fired up.
Yeah, it's something that I can never get mad over.
I know we got a lot of questions, submissions for Allred Hamilton this week asking about All-Star snubs.
And, like, you know, if a guy you like or a guy on your team didn't make it, you really shouldn't get mad about it.
It's like you said, every team has to be represented. So guys are not going to make it, you really shouldn't get mad about it. It's like you said, every team has to have a represent, has to be
represented. So guys
are not going to make it. Like, there's
just so many other things to get pissed off at
in fucking life instead of fucking
all-star rosters and all-star snubs.
Or you could be in Winnipeg and pissed off that the Sharks
said this. Oh, wow, dude. Yeah.
Grinelli, we're going to have Grinelli
play a clip for us right now.
I didn't read it, so it's dangerous to comment on the exact.
I heard it's cold and dark.
Well, that happens in Canada occasionally, pretty regularly every winter.
It's dark at night.
Yeah, that happens pretty much around the world.
I don't think any coach, any player, trainer, referee should ever complain about a day in the National Hockey League.
You know, we got a sold-out building,
pretty sure that all goes into hockey-related revenues
and everybody cashes their check.
The thread count at your hotel isn't right
or your frappuccino isn't frothed right.
I don't even know what a frappuccino is.
But my point being,
we got nothing to complain about pretty
good life every day every city is pretty darn good so obviously you can tell you can tell that
paul maurice didn't appreciate or didn't understand san jose's beef with playing in winnipeg now listen
i'm gonna say that the sharks were asked their least favorite place to play right it wasn't like
they were just like randomly attacking Winnipeg.
So they gave their answer, and all of a sudden it turns into this shitstorm
that Winnipeg's a dump and a joke.
So, I mean, I understand where kind of they were coming from.
They were just saying they didn't like going there to play games.
But Paul Maurice's quote was hilarious.
I do think he knows what a Frappuccino is, though.
Yeah, he definitely does.
I mean, he can't be that much of a hard-o.
Dealing with all these young players and their coffee the last several years,
you've got to know what that shit is.
But, no, obviously we played the clip.
That's Winnipeg coach Paul Maurice.
I liked how he came to the defense of his city, too.
And, yeah, if you do pull NHL players,
it's probably on the lower cities that people want to play in. You know, it's not a bad city, but it's cold. It's probably on the lower teams that want to lower cities that people want to
play in. It's not a bad
city, but it's cold. It's dreary.
It's wintertime. It's in the prairies.
It's cold as shit. Exactly. There's other
cities that have maybe more appeal to
players, but you've got to appreciate
Paul Maurice coming to the defense
and saying, hey, you're goddamn blessed
to be in this league. You're in the National Hockey League.
They're all good cities. Sneaky. There's Rockets in Winnipeg. Edmonton, Winnipe blessed to be in this league. You're in the National Hockey League. They're all good cities.
Yeah, and sneaky.
There's rockets in Winnipeg.
Edmonton, Winnipeg, there's rockets.
I don't know why they're still there.
Usually your smoke shows leave the shit towns that they live in.
But also, the other thing about Winnipeg, too,
is that people don't like going there right now because they're good.
They're a hard team to play against.
You end up getting whooped when you're in that rink.
I do love how it's a little smaller rink.
I'm sure that...
Oh, quickly, I did want to mention something.
I was working this week at NHL Net, and they had a woman on.
I wish I remembered her name.
She was funny because she was kind of on defending Winnipeg.
I don't know if she works for the team or works in the city.
One of her defenses of Winnipeg and a reason to come visit was
that they have the
Museum of Human Rights.
Oh, wow. So I immediately bought a ticket.
I'm going up there to check out that.
The museum should be a fucking hoot.
No, that's a major sound point.
Museum of Human Rights.
Who wouldn't want to go there? I was planning on a
Western Canada road swing.
I might not even go to the game now.
I'm just all about them.
I am obviously pro-human rights,
so I'm going to have to adjust my schedule.
Pro-museum, too.
Big-time museum guys.
We know that.
Big-time.
Big-time museum.
If you guys are on the road,
he's got a couple hours.
Imagine a human rights slash Rolling Stones museum.
R.A. just brings a chair in,
some tissue paper, some lube.
Be perfect for him.
Yeah, back in the 60s,
the Stones weren't too concerned with human rights.
Maybe in their lady years.
Anyways, all over the fucking road
with that one. Speaking of
all-star rosters,
a couple years ago, when they made
the deal with the players, one of the things
the players got was these bye weeks.
Yeah, bye week has started. 15 teams
right now. Right, exactly. And it's a real
lull for us members of the
gambling American community.
We're having a hard
time finding games to bet these last couple nights.
But as a player, a former player
in the NHL, man, this
must be pretty nice just having a fucking
vacation drop. Oh, it's awesome.
I will be honest.
I was out of the league by the time i
started so i never got to experience one i only got you know experience all-star breaks but this
is perfect i mean it's a long year right you gotta you gotta break it up you gotta get guys to go
away kind of just get away from hockey for a week i loved uh a lot of people say like you know
the games change which it has and guys are you are, you know, they're so, you know,
working towards, how do I word this?
They don't really, like, take it easy on vacation.
They're still going to work out.
They're still going to train.
Right.
They're still going to, listen, these guys at least one night, probably two, are getting
after it on the bye week.
I mean, you're not going to South Beach to just, like, work out at a nice gym.
Getting in one, you mean.
Like, you're getting in one. So you get a week
off, five days or whatever it is. It's the
perfect amount of time to get away from
the game. You come back, your
legs feel horrific the first skate,
first game. But I will say
last year, my
buddy was on to
hammering teams when they come back from these
byes against them. We got to just
stay on top of
teams coming back from buys first game back we are going to pound the team playing against them
so how does that for a team like like the bruins who are going into the their bye week like one of
the best teams in the nhl right now how does that the hottest teams in the nhl right now how does
that affect the team like you come out of the break like you said like well in a sense i'm sure
that that the coaching staff and the GM and the players,
part of them, kind of don't want it to come at that point.
Like, oh, we're playing this good.
But whatever, if they're a good enough team, it shouldn't matter.
But you're still a little frustrated that you're really going,
the team's buzzing, and then you get the week off.
Players love it.
They don't really give too much of a shit because their flight the next morning
or their private flight, no big deal, is leaving and they're going to enjoy themselves.
But getting back, it's hard to get right back
into the swing of things. And for sure, you'll see teams
that were buzzing before their break
come back and struggle. I mean, that's just
the reality
of it is that the other teams that they're
playing against that aren't on the bye, they're going to be rested.
They're going to be feeling their game. So it could
be interesting. That's why we got to keep our eye out.
We got to keep our eye out for some good teams playing some shit teams
coming back from the break because that's going to be action Jackson for us.
I promise you that.
Yeah, it's like I said, a very light schedule.
And the ironic part is there's not even any Olympic participation.
So it's good for the players.
But like I said, for guys who like to watch the game,
there's just not a hell of a lot on.
Like Mikey just said, a certain team pretty to watch the game, there's just not a hell of a lot on. Mikey just said
a certain team pretty hot going into the break.
Yeah, the Bruins.
They're buzzing. You introduced it as a subject
so I can blame it on you.
They look great.
This team is continuing. You said that
before we started recording they could catch Tampa.
I shut you down on that one.
I said it was mathematically in play.
I mean, Arizona mathematically could make the playoffs.
Okay.
All right.
Let me at least make my point before you dummy me.
I said they got three games in hand.
They're 12 points back.
Hypothetically, if they were to win those three games, that would put them six back.
They still have three games with Tampa, which
are potential four-point swings. That's
why it's not like, oh, they're
mathematically still alive. No, I think
within that locker room, they're probably saying, hey, man,
we still got a chance at a number one seed here.
And Tampa hasn't really faltered
at all this year. They've been peddled to the
metal since October. You've got to think
at some point, they're going to take a little bit of a
stumble. I wondered that.
Somebody asked me, are they kind of peaking too early?
And my immediate reaction was no because they're this good.
I don't think they're peaking.
I just think they're this good of a team.
Right.
But it is true.
Like you say, are they going to keep up this pace?
Grinnell, you want to do some action and see what they're on pace to get for points-wise,
if you can figure that out?
But either way, this team, they are this good. and see what they're on pace to get for points-wise, if you can figure that out.
But either way, this team, they are this good.
That's why I don't think about them in terms of peaking right now and it's going to end.
The reason being that they're so deep.
How do you not talk about Tampa with this season?
And in terms of the All-Stars, you've got 11 guys for each division
and four of them are for Tampa.
And you can't complain about any of them.
So Vasilevsky is number one in every single major category for goalies, which is insane right now.
Give him the Vezina basically right now.
And then you look at Hedman, who's just one of the top two-way D-men in the league, dominant.
And Stamkos and Kucherov obviously are there.
So them with John Cooper behind the bench, got to be the favorites if you're looking to bet the All-Star game.
But it's just this team is, besides them,
that's why I started saying this, besides them,
they have Braden Point and Tyler Johnson's been on fire.
He scored a sick goal for his hat trick.
Tuesday night, dude, I know local boy Noah Hannafin,
but, dude, that was an absolute dummy.
I don't know if you caught the goal. I think for his hat trick, Noah Hannafin was but, dude, that was an absolute dummy. I don't know if you caught the goal.
It was, I think, for his hat trick.
Noah Hannafin was kind of going back to retrieve the puck.
He had to pivot, so it kind of looked like he got it.
We saw Johnson coming out of the corner of his eye last second,
and it looks like he tries to lean into him just slightly to kind of keep off the puck.
And he would have been fine if he was bigger, but he so little he got underneath him.
But not only did he get around him,
but he fucking knocked him over as he did it.
So it was just tough.
It was a tough look for Hannafin,
but it was an unreal goal by Tyler Johnson.
And Hannafin skates like the wind.
So to beat him, and yeah, it didn't look good.
But the next day, Hannafin made the All-Star game,
and he was one of the 200,000 bonuses.
Thank you!
We talk a little later in the episode about a certain Hall of Fame getting dummied as well.
So it happens to all defensemen.
61.
What?
61 wins.
That's what they're on pace for?
Yeah.
Holy shit.
I meant points, but still, that's even more impressive.
They're on pace for 61 wins.
Would that be a record?
I think.
Like 120 points.
I want to say that the... Including overtime losses. It's record? I think. Like 120 points. I want to say that the.
Including overtime losses.
It's more, I bet.
One of the late 70s Canadians teams won.
I want to say they went 62 and 10.
I'm sorry.
Was it 60, 70?
Was there 82 games?
Oh, was it 72 and 10?
Yeah.
Well, they used to be 80 games.
Then there was 82.
They kind of reverted back.
The Bulls went like 72 and 10.
I know that.
I want to actually double-check
that. One of those late 70s Canadian
teams, they went like 70-10.
It was some fucking outrageous number like that.
So, yeah.
I'm not surprised the B's are
where they're at. I wrote as much
at the beginning of the year. They're going to contend for the division
or certainly be in the top three.
I remember you dumbing me in that one.
I didn't see it. I didn't know how good some of their rookies were. I've said that. I was wrong about the top three. I remember you dumbing me in that one. I didn't see it.
I didn't know how good some of their rookies were,
so I've said that I was wrong about the Bruins.
But now I'm on board.
Now I'm on board.
Oh, hey, by the way, how about I found out that I can go to any NHL game and get a seat in the press box because I work for NHL Network.
I just found that out.
Is that fucking unreal or what?
Not a big deal.
I'll be heading into the Bruins game.
Honey, I got to go to the Bruins game. I'm working. I got to go to the Bruins game. Honey, I got to go to the Bruins game.
I'm working.
I got to go to the Bruins game.
I'm just, then all of a sudden, I won't miss a game the rest of the year.
Welcome to that credential life, brother.
Thank you very much.
This is actually my eighth season having a credential.
You never told me that before.
Yeah, I did.
Yeah.
Fuck you.
Another story that we didn't bring up yet.
Oh, another story that we didn't bring up yet.
Brent Seabrook was scratched, healthy scratched for the first time in his career the other night by the Blackhawks.
So, listen, this is tough, right?
I mean, this is a guy who's got six years left.
I think it's 6.8 a year.
And he deserves that money.
He was an amazing player for a long time. He three Stanley Cups cornerstone of that franchise you know him
Duncan Keith Taves Kane Crawford it was you know them five kind of and to see that happen to him
is unfortunate because it happens to everyone that's the toughest thing as you get older
your game slips a little a little bit and we we saw barstool chief
talked about this earlier in the year that seabrook had struggled and it ended up happening
now what's good is we're recording he got back into the lineup the team won eight to two in
when he was out uh which is even tougher you know you get taken out of the lineup and you see your
team win and listen maybe i'm a piece of shit but if if you but when you're scratched as a player,
you don't really want your team to win.
I know that sounds crazy, but you're lying if you're telling me that if you get scratched and the team goes out and wins 8-2,
you're like, oh, great, good game, guys.
You're happy for your boys, but you're also like,
God, they really don't need me.
You want them to miss you.
Exactly.
But they put them back in.
Last night, the Blackhawks, I'm sorry, I always say last night. Wednesday night, the Blackhawks lost to the Wilds. Of course, I took the Blackhawks. But Seabrook scored. So I was happy for him. But I was just meant to bring it up because you see every player at some point, this happens to and and and you know you lose a little bit you lose half a step and you
just it's the game so quick now that all of a sudden it's it's harder for you to play it's
harder for you to play the way you did and dominate the way you did so Seabrook's had an amazing
career I don't I'm not saying it's over by any means but it's really it's really crazy to see
that that guys that aren't that old that that have been all-stars in the NHL for 10 years, all of a sudden, at 32, 33, are just, in a sense, becoming expendable.
Expendable is not the right word, but he makes so much money
that now you wonder, what will the Blackhawks do moving forward?
So it's an interesting case.
And for the Blackhawks to get to where they want to be,
they're in last place in their division.
It's shocking.
It's a close division.
It's the best division in hockey, but they're in last place.
So they're going to need Seabrook to play his best hockey. If they
want to make the playoffs, they need him. So that's
a good thing for him to know that, listen, I'm not
out of the lineup for good here. I don't think this is going to
be a common thing
where I'm getting healthy scratch. But to see it
happen to somebody like that, you realize that guys
age quick now in the NHL.
Yeah, like props to our
buddy Chief who kind of saw this coming.
He talked about it on the show that he was struggling.
And, yeah, look, going forward, I mean, you know,
the GMs are constantly on the lookout for younger, better, cheaper,
or younger and cheaper, certainly.
And, you know, if you're talking close to 7 million for a guy who's,
you know, really not getting that bang for your buck anymore,
he can still produce. He's just not getting that bang for your buck anymore. He can still produce.
He's just not producing at that level.
And, yeah, you wonder if he might be a buyout candidate for Chicago
in the future or a possible trade candidate as well.
So, actually, like I mentioned, we do have Brad May coming on soon,
but I just want to bring up one other note.
A guy we have fun with on the show.
Commodore's had fun with him on Twitter.
It was announced the other night that Pierre Maguire was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Fortunately, it was found very soon.
Great news.
Great news that when you can find it right away and you can treat it right away,
the diagnosis, the prognosis is great.
And, yeah, like I said, P.S.
When we chirp people, we're chirping people.
Right.
We have fun, but it's never been personal.
It's never been mean-spirited.
It's ball-busting.
It's part of hockey guy culture.
It's mean-spirited from call me, but we're more just like chirping on a nice level.
Okay, you said it.
So, anyways, we want to send our best wishes to P.M. McGuire.
We want to see him back on the booth.
It's been a rough year for the guys in the NBCSM booth.
Eddie's going through his cancer.
Edzo, now Pierre with his.
And I just want to add an additional note.
Guys, obviously we have ladies in the audience, but cancer-specific, the guys,
talk to your elders in your family.
Talk to your dad or your grandfather because if this stuff is generational,
if it's in your genes, you can get ahead of it.
You know, like prostate cancer.
They tell you some guys, they tell you 50 years old.
But, you know, if you've got an uncle who had it or a grandfather, go at 40.
I mean, not everybody wants to get the pipe up there, up there, shrink the butt.
Hey, speak for yourself.
Yeah, hey, now.
I mean, yeah, whatever floats your boat, it's 2016.
That's a rear admiral PSA. Yeah, exactly. Go get your hoop checked out. Ironically, you're not coming Yeah, hey, now. I mean, yeah, whatever floats your boat. It's 2016. That's a rear admiral PSA.
Yeah, exactly.
Go get your hoop checked out.
Ironically, you're not coming from the rear admiral.
Get your butthole checked.
But no, seriously, if you do have family histories with stuff like that.
Get it checked out, guys.
I know guys, macho guys stuff.
They don't want to talk about it and stuff.
But you do.
You're the only macho guy here.
There's no macho guys.
No, you do.
All seriousness.
This guy doesn't cry. You need to talk. You, you do. All seriousness. This guy doesn't cry.
You need to talk.
We'll get to that later, too.
You need to talk to your family, to your male relatives.
See what they have.
You may well have it, too, but if you get ahead of it.
Jesus Christ.
Let's move on from this.
All right, dude.
A little PSA, dude.
It's good shit.
I'm just telling people, mind your health, man.
If you stay on top of stuff, you can fucking eliminate bad shit.
Let's go to Brad May. Brad May. Bring it home play there we go and now we are pleased to bring
in one of my good friends uh over a thousand games played in the nhl as one of the toughest
bastards with the biggest head i've ever met brad may thanks for coming on mayday
how are you brother i'm doing great how are you well where first. How are you, brother? I'm doing great. How are you?
First off, where are you at right now?
What's going on in the life of Mayday?
Well, first of all, my head's a little bigger than the average man.
That's for sure.
Yeah, I think.
But I'm suntanning it right now in Scottsdale, Arizona.
Oh, you're just living.
You're just living the good life, huh?
Buddy, all I do is chase the sun
I um I I actually live out here I've last number of years I've been I've been out in Laguna Beach
California but during the winter here's the thing not the smartest guy um my family's been in
California but I've been working for the Buffalo Sabres for the last number of years until this season.
And I got a job with the Las Vegas Golden Knights.
And, um, so I'm out here and I fly into Las Vegas or I drive cause it's not that far.
And I'm covering their team doing pre-games in between periods and periods, and post-game shows on TV for the Golden Knights
and having a blast.
And what a hockey team they are.
Oh, so that's what I was going to say.
When people ask, what's going on with the Golden Knights,
can you explain this?
I said, yeah, they hired my boy Brad May.
That's what's going on.
He's getting guys fired up.
What a run it's been, huh?
Oh, my God.
First of all, they should be called they should be
called the vegas sleepless nights i like that did you make that one up i did i did and i gotta be
honest with you it was my first time in there um first week i want say, would have been like their third or fourth game.
Yeah, I had a couple of those.
Lots of fun.
I'm sorry.
But they're a good hockey team, man.
Like, this is not smoke and mirrors.
They play great hockey.
They might be the fastest team in the NHL.
Well, they got you on the TV.
They got Biz in the booth.
I bet nobody... No, no, no. Biz is with the Coyotes.
I'm sorry. I got my desert
teams mixed up. He's in Scottsdale.
That's what screwed me up. He said Scottsdale.
Basically, nobody's fucking around in the
booths out in the desert with you and Biz
patrolling out the respective press
boxes. But before
we brought you on, Brad, I was showing these guys
not only one of the best clips on Buffalo Sabres history
but it's the infamous Mayday call
and just to get people up to speed on it
it was 1993, Adams Division, first round of the playoffs
you guys were an underdog to the Bruins
you were up 3-0 in the series, game was in overtime
and you basically dusted the Bruins, put them out, put them to sleep.
And that became like, I said,
one of the most famous goal calls of the last probably 25 years.
Take us through that.
Like how, how, what,
what did that do for you?
Like your career, as far as putting your name out there,
it's just like this.
So it's such a well-known thing.
Like, right.
Like walk us through that whole, that whole scenario.
Well, the first thing, my first year in the NHL was a year prior, 91-92, and we lost to the Bruins in the Boston Garden in Game 7.
Suck it.
Imagine Jim Weimer, Dave Reed, and Stephen Leach scored for the Bruins to beat us.
And, you know, it was a heck of a series, no doubt about it.
So going into the second year of my career,
we ended up playing the Bruins again.
I want to say they won 21 of their last 23 games of the season
or a number like that.
And we lost like seven in a row going into the playoffs.
So, I mean, he had one team sinking
and the other team, obviously the Boston Brewers, the best team in the
league at the time. And we got off to a
great start in the Boston Garden. Won the first
two games. Bobby Sweeney, the old
Bruin, my buddy, got
traded to the Buffalo Sabres. He scored in overtime. I want to see
the first game.
Might have been the second game.
But anyways, we had an opportunity in Buffalo to sweep the Bruins.
They were up 5-2 going into the third period.
And we had a rally that, you know,
not many teams have, obviously, to come back.
But so we tied it up anyways, 5-5,
about maybe 10 or 12 seconds ago in the game.
And then, of course, I work on my hands, eh, Whit?
Like, you've seen it.
You've seen it on the golf course.
Listen, you've got some filthy mitts on you, Mayday.
I'll give you credit for that.
You really do.
Like, I guess we'll get into the golf in a minute,
but I'm a shot maker maker that's what i do
um i i see the shot and then i just i recreate it um anyways yeah so i i was on the ice i
kissed my stick for some stupid reason but it was a great image on video anyway and um
patty lafontaine got me a puck in the middle of the ice.
Ray Bork on the blue line.
Who's that guy?
And Raymond's awesome, man.
I've got to know Ray a little bit over the last number of years. And he and I actually have a chuckle at this.
But he went to get the puck for the first four games.
I didn't even try to beat Ray Bork.
Every time I was near him, I tried to hit him through the boards.
And he said to me that he just thought that I was going to chip it in
and try to hit him again.
And this was in overtime, and for whatever reason, with my eyes shut,
whatever it was, I was able to beat Ray at the blue line
and then scored this goal.
But Rick Jenneret went into the Hall of Fame a few years ago
with this goal, or with his call of the May Day situation.
That's how he actually entered the Hall of Fame.
So pretty blessed, please.
The only way I'm getting in the Hall of Fame,
obviously, is in someone else's voice.
No, off by the Hall of Fame, obviously, is in someone else's voice. No, Off-Price Hall of Fame, your first ballot.
Hey, so fun.
Great memory.
I got a nickname for life, no doubt about it.
But Alexander McGillney scored 76 goals in, I don't know,
74 games or whatever he played that year.
And I think I had 13 that that season but all it
takes is one guys to have a moment that lasts forever and um in in the nhl yeah they they play
that goal in the top 100 plays and actually the top 100 which is 100th anniversary of the NHL, this goal is in the top 100.
So moments, which is pretty cool.
By the way, since then, I haven't scored many goals.
Made lots of birdies, though.
You're being a little modest because you walked block on that play.
I mean, you went through Ray Borg's legs and then beat, I think it was, Andy Moog. I mean, that was a gorgeous goal.
Impressive.
Let's not pump his tires too much.
Well, no, let's not pump his tires.
Not every day you get to put a Hall of Famer on a post-op.
Hey, Admiral.
Yeah.
Admiral, my head's big enough.
My head's big enough.
What size do you wear for a fitted?
You know what's amazing?
No, no, no.
There's no hat that fits him.
There's no hat that fits him.
We go on a golf trip, you can't give him a hat.
None of them fit him.
This is a joke.
Hey, so here's the funny that fits him. We go on a golf trip, you can't give him a hat. None of them fit him. This is a joke. Hey, so here's the funny thing, Admiral.
We got guys like now, I'm a 7 and 5 8s, which is not that big, man.
7 and 5 8s.
I'm a 7 and a half.
That's not outrageous.
Well, on his body, it looks like a fucking concrete statue.
Mayday, listen.
Okay. Mayday, hold on, hold on.
I want to go into one thing quick.
So your first year in the NHL,
I'm going through your stats.
I love doing this shit.
You played that year,
and Rob Ray was on the team.
Brad May, Rob Ray,
two of the toughest bastards to ever play.
69 games.
Dale Howarchuk, Pat LaFontaine,
Alexander Mogilny,
tons of skill up front.
Both you guys had over 300 penalty minutes.
And also there was a defenseman named Gore Donley with 300 penalty minutes.
Is that the first time a team's had three guys with over 300?
The only team in the NHL's history to have three guys over 300 penalty minutes, yes.
So tell me about those games.
How many times are you three fighting?
What was it like?
I mean, are you fighting first shift?
Are you waiting?
Are you getting guys that Rob Ray wanted?
Like, how did that all come about?
First of all, so fun, man.
One of the greatest things.
So I'm playing Robby Ray.
My first time on the ice as a professional training camp this is
when they had training camps when you had four teams come to training camp you know or they they
invite 75 players and yeah and 50 literally 15 fights per scrimmage you know guys fighting each
other to to move up in the depth chart however it works My first, I don't know if it was the period or first game anyways,
I don't know if it was me or Rob, but one of us came across the ice and hit
one another. Then we got into this epic
tilt. Probably, I don't know,
you think of moments where the watershed, if I don't fight Rob
Ray there or in that moment, maybe I don't fight Rob Ray there in that moment,
you know, maybe I don't make the team.
Maybe I get sent to Rochester, you know, whatever.
I mean, I'm sure there's other factors, but, um, at that moment we had this epic tilt in,
at our practice facility called Sabre land.
And, and, um, at the end of it, I mean, it was a good fight.
It was a tie for sure.
But when you see blood in a fight, you know,
most people would say the guy who actually got cut lost.
And so I cut Rob and he had to go to the hospital to get stitches above his
mouth and whatever. It was a small cut, but anyways, so everybody,
just the optics of it was I beat Rob Ray,
which it was a tie for sure, 100.
But that was the optics of it all, and what a great start to that.
But anyways, that was the first fight,
and I didn't even get credited for five minutes there.
So I ended up having over 300 pound units.
We would sit in the locker room beforehand,
and this was back, no instigator,
and when the game would be getting out of hand
or somebody would slash Dale Howarchuk or LaFontaine
or Dave Anderchuk all in the Hall of Fame,
any of these guys would get worked over at all.
We would be in the locker room licking our chops,
saying, okay, who's going to get them?
And then the question was,
who was on the ice first with that player.
And sometimes it was me.
Sometimes it was Gordy.
Robbie actually sat on his ass and never got to play.
So he was only thrown out in certain,
certain situations, but no, we had a ton of fun.
We've literally race to fight guys and so we go in
that for instance i i'm just trying to think of a great example but we would go in against the
st louis blues and this is the this was that next year actually but it was a race for chase
because nobody wanted to go near Tony Twist.
So if you're going to get your five-minute major,
you wanted it against Kelly Chase, not Tony Twist,
because you wanted to actually wake up tomorrow.
Brad, what do you think about the stuff we see often in today's game when a guy gets his clock cleaned and a nice clean hit,
and it seems like immediately there's a response from one of his teammates,
even if it's not a dirty hit.
It's just a nice, solid, clean check, and the team responds.
I mean, on the one hand, yeah, they're sticking up for their teammate,
but on the other hand, they really just need, require getting stuck up for us.
Someone stick up for them.
So what's your stance on that?
Do you think there's too much of that like these guys going after guys
after clean hits or do you just respect
the fact that they're standing up for a teammate?
Well, okay.
First one, I'm a dinosaur.
I love fighting. I love
everything about it.
Actually, probably the only thing I miss about playing hockey
I can still skate, shoot, hit
not as fast, not as hard
as I used to, but I can't fight.
If I did, I'm going to get sued, whatever, right?
It's not part of anything I do now.
So I miss it completely.
The one thing that's happened in hockey is as this progression has happened,
it's being legislated out of the game.
We recognize that.
And to be quite honest with you, I don't think, when I see it now,
it doesn't have the same impact.
Now, if you ask me the same question five years ago
when this debate was first brought up about guys responding on hits
and clean hits, it was the only way and the only time a player
could actually get involved to try to make the difference
that used to be the norm
that's now becoming extinct players were caught in the middle you know and i i actually i i don't
mind it ever but i don't think it has the same impact as it once did um because of the rules
because of the way the game's being played and to to be honest, I don't think you got four or 500 players.
You got players like Ryan Whitney that played with shit in their pants that
don't respond to when there's fights.
Mitty, why don't you give the listeners a little quick.
Hey, tell that story.
Yeah.
I'm going to let you tell it.
I'm going to let you tell it. I'm going to let you tell it.
Can I tell the whole story?
Can I say the right words?
You say every single thing.
You say everything that was said.
All right, well, you know what?
So Ryan Whitney, first of all, I've heard this guy.
He's hilarious.
I don't know him at all at the time.
And I had been traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
This was my 18th year in the NHL
and I get traded from Anaheim to
Toronto.
Were you in Pittsburgh or Anaheim?
No, I was in Pittsburgh still.
Because then you got traded
to Anaheim, right?
So we're playing
against Pittsburgh. I think it's the night
that your coach got fired
in Toronto
it was
it was the game that we lost
it was the game we lost that Terry
got gas piped after
yeah
right so we're playing
and I just for whatever reason
I skated up past
Witt and I was like
hey Witt must be hard to play the game of hockey with shit in your pants.
And he looked at me, and I thought it was funny.
I was actually laughing when I said it.
And he looked at me, and Brian Burke,
who's probably the greatest ally in hockey for me,
I played for Berkey four different teams
and was traded at the deadline a couple times.
And whatever.
So there's a history there.
Wherever Berk went, he brought Mayday.
So that's what led into this.
And then Witt says,
are you serious, Mayday?
He goes, it's a wonder how you can play the game of hockey
with Brian Berk's appendage in your mouth.
Ouch. can play the game of hockey with Brian Burke's appendage in your mouth. And when he said that, it was honest to God.
At this moment, I laughed.
I was like, oh, my God, I love this guy.
Love this guy.
And there wasn't a moment in between, too.
Like, very witty.
Very witty.
And you know what?
Pardon the pun.
No pun intended.
So, Mayday, I want to go into another thing and that is you raising the stanley cup which uh talking to
you we've had many many late nights on golf trips where i've heard you know stories from you how
special that was so take me through that run i mean it was you and sean thornton on that team
too i mean that team was tough as shit the the whole Ducks team. But how special was that? How special was that run? And did that make it feel, you know, I'm sure
it did make it feel like the career was complete, but how special was that whole experience that
spring with Anaheim? Well, unreal, to be honest. And it's amazing how it came about too. I mean,
it was... Yeah, it is. The length of history history i was 16 years i played in the nhl i played
for i want to say six teams at that time i got or it was my sixth team i got traded at the trade
deadline again that was to one of the teams that brian burke was was managing at the time um the
anaheim ducks and i hadn't played a game all season i tore my rotator, excuse me, my labrum in my,
I want to say it was my, I've done it four times.
Your motivator cuff?
It was my left shoulder.
You tore your motivator cuff?
I had my motivator cuff, yeah.
No, I tore my labrum actually in exhibition
against the Detroit Red Wings.
I hit Henrik Zetterberg, who's on our golf trip,
but I hit Henrik Zetterberg, and's on our golf trip, but I hit Henrik Zetterberg
and a young player, Daryl Bootland, came across the ice. Anyways, we got in a fight and that's
exactly what you have to do. And that's kind of when everything was changing, by the way,
it was like 2006, 2007 season. It's fighting, you know, is it really that important in the game? I
think it is. 16 years of my career, this guy's never played a game in the game i i think it is 16 years in my career this guy's
never played a game in the nhl and he wants to fight an exhibition well you know what somebody
gave me that opportunity that that grizzled veteran when i first was in my training camps
and trying to make the sabers anyway so i fight this guy just take my shoulder i'm out for five
months and i just got back in Colorado
to good health and played a few games, ended up getting traded and picked up at the deadline.
And three months later, our team wins the Stanley Cup. And it was incredible. Sean Thornton,
George Peros, Chris Pronger, you got Travis Mullen, Robbie Niedermeyer.
And then we had, I mean, the top end guys, we had Solani and Korea,
or not Korea, excuse me, Andy McDonald, Brian Getzlaff, Corey Perry,
two young players, just a great group of guys.
That team was a wagon.
It was special.
Yeah, we were really good.
We would have beat you up.
We would have, you know, outscored you on the power play.
We could have out-defended you.
Our team was built.
Scott Niedermeyer and Chris Pronger on the blue line.
Imagine these two guys, Hall of Famers,
that literally could play 30 to 40 minutes a night if they had to.
Yeah, it was incredible.
And so another moment I think of with you on the Ducks,
and this is
what made you so difficult to play
against. You didn't really give a shit. You'd
punch a tough guy in the head, you'd punch a
skilled guy in the head, and it was the whole
factor of, you don't know
what Mayday's going to do, and it's what makes somebody
scary to play against. So when you're on
Anaheim, I believe it was after the Cup,
I'm not sure, but you sucker
punched, who was it? Kim Johnson? Okay, well, first of all, I believe it was after the Cup. I'm not sure. But you sucker punts, who was it? Kim Johnson?
Okay, well, first of all, I take offense to it.
I knew you were going to take offense to it.
I just want you to lead us into the Bouguard thing
and what that was like thinking about that.
Okay, well, quickly, just to lead up to it,
it was the first round of the playoffs.
I'm playing.
Obviously, it's the fourth game.
We can sweep the Minnesota Wild this night.
It's late in the game.
Minnesota, they end up winning the game.
But there's a minute and a half left.
I think they're up by a couple goals.
And this is game four.
Adam Hall jumps a player on my team, Kent Heskins.
First guy into the  or the third man into the altercation,
which was at our blue line, was Sean Thornton.
And, of course, you Boston assholes understand what he does
and how good he is and what a teammate.
Did you like that, Whit?
Yeah, I did.
That was a good one, mate.
That was original, real original.
I knew I had to get it in there.
So anyways, Thorny gets in there third, man.
I turn around.
I'm the next guy to the pile.
Of course, you're not jumping on the pile, so I turn around.
And 150 feet from me, the Minnesota Wild had the puck in their own zone.
They start skating down the ice towards this pile.
There's an altercation happening.
Well, there's a fight happening right now in my mind.
I have no idea what the Minnesota Wild players are thinking,
but somebody's getting it for sure, right?
You are the story.
So, anyways, Kim Johnson, who's taller than I am,
he comes closer, you know, whatever, bumps into me.
So I, whatever, bump him.
And as that happens, and I implore you guys to watch it on YouTube,
I don't feel good about it for one reason.
I hurt Kim Johnson.
I actually knocked him out, which now, with all this stuff,
but this guy skated 150 feet to an altercation in the Stanley Cup playoffs
and didn't expect anything to happen?
I mean, get your head out of your ass.
That's the way I see it.
I'll do respect.
I didn't sucker him.
I just hit an unsuspecting player.
I knew you would not like the sucker.
So, okay, so lead me in.
But I did hurt him.
But I hurt him, right?
And I feel bad about that.
And I actually talked to him.
I'm not sure if he received it that well.
He was a gentleman on the telephone
a couple days later, but he never
played. He didn't get a chance to
play the next game. And for
him, I feel bad. But for me, I would
have fought my mom to win the Stanley Cup.
Fucking A rights, mate, eh?
Yeah, that was a hell of a
run. She would have kicked
my ass, though.
But I would have fought her.
Yeah, but you never...
I started this story to lead into Bugaard.
What ended up happening?
You know you had to go in.
You love it, eh, Whit?
I do.
Talk about playing a game with shit in their pants.
I, for five months, knew.
And it's the accountability thing, right?
So I knew after we forget winning and all that stuff,
but it kind of rubbed salt in the wound to the Minnesota Wild.
I knew that the next game I played against the Minnesota Wild
or Derek Bugaard, I would have had to fight Derek Bugaard.
He's their toughest guy.
He protects his teammates.
And for me, what I did, I have to be accountable. So I'm all in. I understand that. And I'm going
to take a beating. Hopefully I don't get smoked and knocked out. I don't know what's going to
happen, but leading up to it. So we played Minnesota at home. It was a Sunday afternoon game.
We played on a Wednesday and then we played on Sunday so I had to practice and you know Randy Carlisle what I had to practice Thursday Friday
and Saturday and all I could think about was oh my god I'm gonna get my my head beat into on Sunday
Derek Bugard six foot eight and this guy like he he hurts people the day of the lord what
what's that the day of the lord on a Sunday, you're going to get your beating from Boogie.
So anyway, as it goes on, so Randy's giving me shit on the ice.
I can't make passes and receive them and, you know, wake up.
And I'm like, Randy, finally.
I was like, Randy, are you kidding?
Like, come on, man.
We know what's happening.
It does not matter if I can play the game of hockey on Sunday.
I got one job to do.
And once that's over, we can talk about it.
So anyway, so he calls George Peros and I into his room,
into his office, and he plays three videos.
The first two videos, or he plays three videos of Derek Bugar
beating guys up,
and they're all on the Anaheim Ducks.
There's Trevor Gillies, who we knocked out in a fight.
There was Todd Fedorek, who really was ugly, ugly into a fight
where he broke Todd Fedorek's face in, I don't know, about 11 or 12 places,
and Fedorek had to get a plate in his head and all that stuff.
And then he looks at George and I and he goes, hey, guys, watch out.
This guy's a duck killer and he's got a big right hand.
Thanks, Randy.
No shit, Randy.
So anyway, it's Sunday.
But Saturday night, I haven't talked to my family in two days.
I got two little kids,
my wife, they want to go out for a nice romantic walk or whatever they did. I don't want to go anywhere. My wife's like, why are you such an asshole? Like, stop, you know, stop being this
way. I'm like, hang on a minute. If I'm awake on Monday morning, I'll talk to you. Until then,
you got to get out of my way. Like, I can't. Like, I have some. And literally, it consumed me.
This is all I was thinking about.
So she comes back about two minutes later with her little.
Do you remember those white iPads?
Or, excuse me, the Mac iPads?
Yeah, yeah.
Or not iPads, but the MacBook Pros or whatever?
The old heavy ones.
Yeah, so I remember her walking back with this white MacBook.
And she puts it on the counter of our kitchen, and she goes,
here, I got a song for you, like whatever,
and with a real stupid smile on her face.
And she hits play, and it was U2, Sunday Bloody Sunday.
And that's why she's my wife, and she's the best.
Oh, shit.
So I watch videos on hockeyfights.com all night long, all morning.
I go to the game.
It's 5 o'clock start.
Nobody, and you know what it's like, Witt.
Nobody on your team talks to you.
When you get to the locker room there and people know what's happening
or may possibly happen, everybody wants to leave that
player alone which was awfully lonely in your locker like hey guys hey guys i'm here you can
talk to me hey you're gonna get pummeled today let's not talk to him so anyways we we the game
starts this guy's a duck killer we're playing first or second shift of the game, Todd Bertuzzi, who's on a golf trip,
comes around the corner, makes a pass,
head down.
I don't know if he was staring at the puck or not.
Derek Bugard steps down,
hits Todd Bertuzzi.
Bertuzzi's out for five weeks.
I don't know if it was a concussion,
a bad back or whatever it was.
The duck killer.
This guy's a duck killer.
And I know, so something happens,
the pane of glass breaks in a
in a corner or whatever so there's about before the next face off there's about i don't know maybe
about five to seven minutes before your heart's racing your heart's just racing the whole time
right it's the whole thing now it has to happen at this moment. It has to. Either that or I'm done because I have no more
energy, right? And Randy
says, Georgie, maybe you're
up. So we jump over the boards.
We're last change, but
he throws us on like five minutes prior to the
puck dropping and
basically to ensure that Derek Brugard
stays on the ice. And then
the rest is history. We had a fighting. Yeah, you did a
great job.
You know what?
Turned out pretty decent.
The one thing I want to say,
Derek Bougard passed away a few years ago.
And I don't know him.
I never knew him.
I can tell this story with a smile on my face.
But utmost respect for Derek Bougard.
Yeah. This guy was a teammate first and foremost.
I don't know him.
I know, obviously,
his mom and dad and his brother
and everybody else, the Minnesota
Wild people. This guy was a great teammate.
He was the ultimate protector,
the ultimate tough guy.
And there was a place in the game
for us.
And Derek Brugard was one of the best,
if not the best, at it. And I want to pay my one of the best, if not the best at it.
And I want to pay my respects to him
because he's not alive today.
That's awful kind of you to say
because he was a feared fighter,
probably the best of his generation.
And just going back to your career for a sec, Brad,
you were sort of, I would call,
connective tissue back from the NHL
of high scoring, high flying,
kind of a lot of fighting back in the early 90s, up through a couple of lockouts
and won the cup with the 07 Ducks.
Sort of the modern-day version of what we're seeing in the NHL
after they tightened up the rules on clutching and grabbing and shit.
You won the cup. You were like 35, 36 years old, I think.
Were you happy that it happened later in your career?
Do you think you appreciated it more than it happened when you were older?
Or did you think it wouldn't matter if you were younger or not
because winning a cup is winning a cup?
I think that's a great question.
I can tell you right after we won the Stanley Cup,
Scott Niedermeyer and I were standing on the ice.
And beside one another,
my family and my kids were on the ice running around.
His children, which were younger than mine,
they were on the ice.
And he looked at me and he goes,
you're lucky.
And Scott and I played in the World Junior
tournament together in 1990-91
for Team Canada.
We won a gold medal together. And so this was the next, junior tournament together in 1990-91 for Team Canada.
We won a gold medal together.
And so this is the next, I don't know, 16 years later,
this is when Scott and I have a chance, you know,
we're reminiscing, and he says, you're really lucky.
And I was like, what are you talking about?
Lucky?
I said, you just won your fourth Stanley Cup. This is unbelievable.
And he's like, you know what?
Yes, but you have your family to share it with.
He goes, my first three, I was so young,
I don't know if I appreciate it as much as I do now
with my children on the ice running around.
And so he goes, I like them all.
But when he said that, it really dawned on me that, you know what,
maybe it was best.
Maybe it's all about the journey, right?
And how hard, like, I had one chance.
And thank God, thank goodness I was on the Anaheim Ducks.
But I had one chance.
And in 16 years, I didn't even come close to playing in the Stanley Cup final.
So knowing how hard and difficult it is and elusive it is,
maybe it was better to be longer or later in my career.
But I'm sure if you asked any hockey player,
they wouldn't care if it was their first year or 30th year.
They just wanted to win one because that was their dream.
So I'm sure it's all good.
Well, listen, Mayday, you're a legend.
Now, quickly, before we let you go, I appreciate this.
I do want to bring up this golf trip. I've brought it up before. Mayday, you're a legend. Now, quickly, before we let you go, I appreciate this.
I do want to bring up this golf trip.
I've brought it up before.
Mayday's part of it.
Now, this is a trip that's put together by Sean Horkoff, Dan Cleary.
We go every year.
This year, upcoming, it'll be Scotland.
We got Henrik Zetterberg, Todd Bertuzzi, Ryan Malone, Brad May.
Just a bunch of beauties.
I'll get some interviews on this trip.
Murder is rough. Now, Mayday, I want to tell one story, or maybe you could tell it,
because I had never seen a hole-in-one, and we're in Dublin,
and we're playing a course, and me and Mayday are together.
And why don't you lead us forward, and then I could finish the story off.
I can give the ending.
But why don't you tell us what happened that last day of that amazing trip in Ireland?
Well, first of all, it was the best, man.
It was so fun.
Whit and I are partners.
It's a two-day. We have a bunch of different games, but on the two days,
trip championship, and Ryan
Whitney and I have been paired together.
Wherever
it is, we're probably middle of the pack, but
we're in, right?
We had a chance to win
our division. We had some momentum going.
And we're playing, I want to say it was a six hole par four,
straight away water about 340 yards up on the left-hand side before the green,
if I remember right.
And we had been drinking some whiskey, so I can't be entirely sure.
And I proceed, Witt was holding it together literally from the night before I
couldn't play the game I was I was having a hard time that day and Ryan was like he was all pro
he was keep making pars if you made a bogey it was a great boat whatever it was you're keeping
the team together and I proceed I pounded one down the middle, and I ended up making a seven.
I think I hit my second shot about 110 yards into the water.
Had to drop.
I hit and I missed the green, whatever it was.
And it literally, like the wheels are falling off.
Let me tell everyone at home that you're not including Mayday.
On the golf course, you get a little upset.
Now, I get mad, but you have some meltdowns.
So my job right now is to play some golf and also be a mental coach for Brad May.
I just expect so much more from myself, Brian.
This is a guy that starts every trip saying,
boys, I'm hitting fades, I'm hitting draws, I'm moving the ball both ways.
And then three days in, he's like, get me off the fucking course.
So, all right.
So lead us into the seventh hole.
Lead us in, man.
Lead us in.
Hey, truth be told, I am a shot maker.
I can hit any shot that's required, Admiral.
That's for sure.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, let's keep going.
It may not happen. It just may not happen.
It just may not happen on demand.
So we get to the seventh tee, and I'm losing my mind.
I'm ready to snap my putter, whatever it is.
And Witt says, hey, come on.
Let's just come on.
And I get in the golf cart, and we drive around one of these big berms or whatever
it is and he gives me a little pep talk and we go back to the tee it's probably a couple minutes
and we go back to the tee and i don't know if i was first to hit or whatever whoever was first
it was 130 what was it wait it was 135 yards 135 yards said, made an easy pitching wedge for you, buddy. I was clubbing you.
These grassy dunes, like a rally.
It was unbelievable how it was framed to green.
It was a two-tiered green, and I hit the ball straight over the flag,
almost to the second tier, and it stops,
and it starts to roll back towards us and towards the hole,
and then it disappears, right?
We went fucking bananas
bananas we're jumping up and down i'm hugging him yeah we're back in it holy shit the group in front
of us horkoff and zetterberg they're on the t so they can look at the green they're going nuts
so we're going bananas now there's two things that happened after the first thing really fucking made
me laugh the second thing fucking made me laugh.
The second thing almost made me cry.
We get to the next tee.
We're right back in the hunt.
We probably think we're in the lead.
Mayday gets up to the tee.
He's loving life.
We're smart.
All right, buddy, let's keep going.
He hits one 340 yards out of bounds.
Gone.
The ball basically reached Wales.
And I go, Mayday, Mayday, you switched out the ball,
right? Nope, that was his hole
in one ball.
He pounded his hole in
one ball to Wales.
He's like, holy shit, holy
shit. So fast forward to the
end of the round, and
we got one more night in Dublin.
Listen, we're exhausted. It's
been eight days of drinking, golfing.
And I got bad ADD, so I had some Adderall.
I said, Mayday, here, take an Adderall.
We won't fall asleep.
Oh, boy.
Well, on accident, I gave him an Ambien.
Oh, shit.
Mayday, do you remember what happened next?
He goes, where are you fucking going? He goes, Whit, are you fucking kidding me?
He goes, Whit, I don't feel energized.
I'm like, me neither.
He's like, I feel really tired.
I look down.
I go, oh, my God, it was an ambient.
He goes, you motherfucker.
This is the last night of the trip.
Hey, no kidding.
I was sitting at the table, 16 of us sitting at the table,
and my eyelids were getting heavy, heavy, heavy,
and I was like, this is weird.
And literally, I think I didn't have a bowl of soup,
but it was almost like that,
and I literally almost fell asleep into my food.
And that's when I looked at Whit, I said,
oh, buddy, what did you do?
What did you give me, Whit?
That's what he said.
Drugs.com.
You got to check those pills.
Oh, Mayday, dude, you're the best, buddy.
We appreciate this so much.
And, you know, we'll get some more.
We'll get to interview me and you when we're having a good time in Scotland.
So thank you so much for coming on, dude.
You guys are the best.
I appreciate it, Whit.
You're doing terrific.
And I can't wait.
When I get that way out to the East Coast,
it just hasn't been able to happen.
I'm in the sunshine here in Scottsdale right now.
Tough to leave, but if I get my way there,
I'd love to see you guys.
Yeah, I would love to have you.
An in-person interview would be great.
Mayday, we thank you so much,
and I'll talk to you soon, okay, buddy?
You got it, brother.
Take care, guys. Thanks for coming on, pal. And thanks for helping
push the Bruins into irrelevancy
back in the 90s. It's exactly what the franchise
needed, for real.
Mayday!
See you, buddy. Okay, brother. Take care.
Thank you to Brad May.
What a career he had.
Over 1,000 games played.
Former first-round pick.
Stanley Cup.
I mean, 300 penalty minutes by three guys on one team.
That will never happen again.
So, shout-out to the 91-92 Buffalo Sabres and Brad May for coming on.
I was surprised that that was the only team that had done that.
I know.
When I asked that, I actually thought that was probably stupid.
I'm sure a team in the 70s had guys with over 300. One of the Flyers. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, that's actually that. I know. When I asked that, I actually thought that was probably stupid. I'm sure a team in the 70s
had guys with over 300.
One of the Flyers.
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, that's actually
what I thought of.
But no, that's Mayday.
And I think you can tell
from talking to him.
He is the best guy.
I'm going to try to get
some interviews when I'm
over in Scotland with a
bunch of these guys.
So we'll get some maybe
drinking involved in some
interviews.
Those interviews usually
go pretty well.
You're going to conduct them over in Scotland by Edibar.
I'm going to conduct them on my iPhone.
And you're going to compress them.
My Black Mirror.
You're going to compress them to an MP3 file.
No, I'm going to send them to Mikey.
Yeah.
Produce a talk.
Let's go on to All Right Hamilton this week, which we changed.
We changed not the format, but we said, listen, guys, a lot of these questions I only can answer.
So we said we got to get rear admiral involved a little bit.
We all agreed.
Like a lot of these questions are just kind of what?
No, no, I am agreeing with you.
I think the question.
No, no, I'm not disagreeing at all.
No, the questions were always open to anything.
But because we're a hockey show, they were always hockey centric.
Exactly.
I felt we just needed to remind listeners that
we could answer questions about anything. And as we
mentioned, some of them were getting a little repetitive. We were
kind of getting the same type of questions
in different forms. And I think
doing this... Who would you be in a bar fight with? Brad May?
Rob Ray? Those would be two answers. Yeah, exactly.
What three guys would you want
if I could watch a Netflix movie? Or go to Vegas
with Bugsy. Yeah, stuff like that.
We basically would just remind people, hey, look, ask us about other shit. Because, you know, personally, I like listening a Netflix movie. Or go to Vegas with Bugsy. Yeah, stuff like that. So, yeah, we basically would just remind people,
hey, look, ask us about other shit,
because, you know, personally, I like listening to you answer
non-hockey stuff, because it's pretty fucking funny.
All right, well, what do we got, Grinnelly?
All right, so our good buddy Jameson Coyle.
James.
Oh, hey, Jameson.
Look, you got picked.
Good boy.
What's up?
Good guy.
What did he say?
So, Jameson asks, better Stanley Cup final destination, Vegas or Nashville?
All right, Hamilton.
Wow.
Well, at least in Nashville, you might not stay out until like 6 o'clock the next day
and oversleep and miss the game.
Yeah, for Jameson working the Stanley Cup final for NHL Network,
he may want Nashville because he'll be in bed at 2.33 as opposed to 7.30.
But for me personally, listen,
if I have the chance
to go chuck some dice around,
I'm going to do it.
So you give me Vegas Stanley Cup Finals
all day long,
I probably can't go and work the event.
I mean, I can't go work
for NHL Network in Vegas.
Listen, I'd be on TV.
They'd be kicking me off TV.
Look at his eyes.
Oh, my God, has Whitney slept?
No, he hasn't.
That's why he's not here working.
He's here enjoying himself.
I'll have a Vegas jersey on, too.
So I'm a Vegas guy.
I'm a Vegas guy.
You roll down bones when you go to casinos?
You're a craps guy?
You know what?
Murley got me into craps.
I can only really play with him because I forget the rules every time.
Okay, yeah.
I would need to talk to him.
I would need to call him for 20 minutes, get the rules, and then I'd be fine to go.
Okay.
But I had a legendary run one time with him.
And then I was jumping on the floor of the casino swimming, and I was yelling that I was swimming in my money.
People were walking by looking at us like we were insane.
But it was like a six-hour run.
It was amazing.
We had a dealer changing everything. They loved us. Nice, nicehour run. It was amazing. We had a dealer change and everything.
They loved us.
Nice, nice.
I'm a Vegas guy.
I'm a huge Vegas guy.
I went consecutively for like 15 years in a row.
That was just kind of getting routine.
But I'm a Nashville guy, man.
I actually still haven't been to a game, an NHL game in Vegas yet.
But I've been telling dudes, we got a request a couple weeks back on Twitter,
my brother's bachelor party.
Where should we go? And if you asked me a year ago,
I would have said Vegas. No brainer.
But after going to Nashville for the cup,
I tell all dudes or any bachelor
bachelorette, any parties, go to fucking
Nashville. Great time. Great city.
Can we like,
unfortunately, they can't play each other. That sucks.
But if they could ever, can we
switch Nashville to the East and hopefully they go against...
Who would be the East team we'd want?
If we got Vegas or Nashville as our ideal, what cities do we want for an East team?
Oh, Toronto's a blast.
Toronto's a good city.
So now...
What about you, Grinnells?
I'd say Nashville.
I had a real good time in Nashville.
Actually, I'm shocked. I'm shocked. I had a great time. You couldn't speak for a week when you got back. I'm really shocked'd say Nashville. I had a real good time in Nashville. Actually, I'm shocked.
I had a great time.
You couldn't speak for a week when you got back.
I'm really shocked you said that.
It was a fun time.
That was good stuff.
All right, thanks for the question.
Oh, no, Tampa.
Tampa.
Give me Tampa.
Tampa, yeah.
Although June.
Bunch of hippies, though.
Bunch of hippies in Tampa.
It's like 120 degrees.
Ybor City in Tampa, where it's at.
Sunshine Skyway is a cool-looking bridge, too.
He likes to see a bridge.
Any museums in Tampa?
No.
No.
Well, they just showed,
no, when they show
the All-Star Game logo,
that's the bridge.
You know what?
Anytime someone on TV
appears from Tampa
and they show that
beautiful bridge
in the background.
I'm like,
all right, me and Grinnelli
were going out
to this club.
He's like,
I'm going to go
chill on the bridge.
I'll meet you guys later.
Yeah, it's funny.
It's actually
the Suicide Capital of Florida. Oh, Jesus. We're'll meet you guys later. Yeah, it's funny. It's actually the suicide capital of Florida.
Oh, Jesus.
We're really cheering them up today.
PSA, PSA.
Holy shit.
This guy's fucked.
All right.
What do we got next?
All right.
So Brad Mitchell asks,
RA, big anniversary this week for the Sopranos.
How does it rank all time on your list?
All right.
How old?
It debuted on HBO.
I think it was yesterday.
It was 19 years ago.
It debuted in 99.
Holy shit.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Imagine the fucking Sopranos,
almost 20 years old, their debut.
That show is such a great show.
Phenomenal.
I wonder if I went back and,
have you watched it recently?
The last couple years, no.
Has it outdated itself a little bit?
No, no, no.
I watched it like two years ago for the first time.
And it didn't.
Have you only watched it once? Not at all.
Have you only watched it once?
The series once?
Yeah, I think I probably only have.
What's great about the HBO shows, and I'll answer the question in a second.
You know, the high quality shows and The Sopranos are a great example.
When you go back and watch it, you find you notice stuff you didn't notice the first time because you're watching it on a whole different level.
You watch it the first time.
You kind of watch it on a macro level.
Like, yeah, you're paying attention to the big things that happen.
But when you watch it the second time, you kind of watch it on a micro level and you're catching all the subtle stuff that you like.
Holy shit.
I didn't even catch that the first time.
I love to re-watch shows now to answer the question um my one and one a uh the wire and breaking bad i
know such like a fucking white white guy answer but you could ask me one day i'll say white guy
answer i know it's just it's always funny like like white like it's like a joke when white white
people shows like they always list like breaking the way I like shows that white people watch.
Anyways, bad joke, over your head, whatever.
It was the way of Breaking Bad on my one and one A.
Two completely different shows,
even though they're both about drugs.
And then The Sopranos, right behind them at number two.
The Sopranos, fantastic show.
I know the ending was controversial, whatever.
I loved it, especially when I went back
and watched that season again.
It made a lot of sense.
And then Deadwood.
You ever see Deadwood?
No.
I watched a couple episodes, didn't get into it.
Oh, man.
I've said a lot.
That could happen to me.
If I gave it another shot, I could love it.
It's fucking a phenomenal show.
The only negative, I guess, is that they didn't get a proper conclusion.
Now, they are actually either coming back with a final movie or a final season.
The script's in play.
They haven't started production yet.
They're making it soon.
It only had a couple seasons.
It didn't get a proper send-off because it was a writer's strike,
so they didn't get a proper ending.
The show just died off in the middle of its run.
Must have been a great show.
It was.
It was fucking phenomenal, dude.
The writing was top-notch.
I mean, if it had a proper final season like it should have gone,
it would be in the same conversation with the Sopranos, the Wire, Breaking Bad.
It was that fucking good of a show.
Sopranos, I'm with you.
Breaking Bad's my number one.
I think everyone who's seen it says that.
I mean, Game of Thrones, dude.
I love Game of Thrones.
That's right there with me um and
then curb your enthusiasm like i'm a i guess i'm an hbo whore yeah they make just banger of shows
netflix too but those are like the game of thrones breaking bad are two shows that i couldn't wait
till the next episode like i think sopranos like you, I watched it. It was like I was waiting week by week. I watched it back when it was on.
Eight, 19 years ago?
1999.
That makes me sick.
So there was no cell phones at the beginning of that show?
No, cell phones were around.
They weren't.
Yeah, because I got my first cell phone probably like 98.
You had a Zach Morris?
I had a flip phone for a while.
Remember the big dogs, though?
Oh yeah yeah
Like Michael fucking Douglas
On Wall Street
Mikey what were you gonna say?
I can see you jamming at the bit there
He's like Paw Patrol
No I was gonna say
Any Given Wednesday
By Bill Simmons
All four episodes of it
My favorite show
When he had Ben Affleck on there
Like cracked out
Absolute favorite show of all time
That was a junk show
One other note
I think you gotta give to give two lists.
You've got to go comedy and drama.
Drama is always better than comedy.
Is Game of Thrones drama?
Absolutely.
It's comedy.
Yeah, it's definitely a drama list and a comedy list.
In that vein, I would say top three comedies of all time.
Office is unreal.
I'm going to have number one, and I'm going to put an asterisk
there because it's only really for the
third of the episodes of The Simpsons.
The run from the beginning to
season nine. I'm shocked you said The Simpsons.
It's the best fucking television
ever made from those two seasons.
The greatest line ever from The Simpsons
is when the guy's like,
I took the generals.
They're like, you bet against the Harlem Globetrotters. They were due. I took the generals. They're like, you bet against
the Harlem Globetrotters?
They were due.
I thought the generals
were due.
That is a classic.
That's a classic Simpsons line.
Other than that,
I don't really,
I'm a Simpsons whatever.
I'm a big entourage guy.
Oh, yeah.
That was big for a time.
That was big for a time.
I mean,
I'm more like the girls
they showed in Entourage
to be honest with you. Yeah. Actually, the office is probably, I mean, I'm more like the girls they showed in Entourage, to be honest with you.
Yeah.
Actually,
The Office is probably,
I mean,
The Office is probably,
you know,
but again,
that's one of those shows
like a lot of,
you know,
overstay and it's welcome,
just a little bit.
I think they suffered a lot
when Michael Scott
left The Office.
Yeah, when he left,
they showed,
exactly.
And I'd rather,
I would rather show
quit early,
like cancel,
when they still had
maybe a few seasons left and staying, overstaying
as well. It's like an athlete too.
It's like an athlete. You'd rather the athlete
go off on top than burn away.
Yeah, I don't know. But see, the athlete wants
to know he has nothing left in the tank, whereas
a fucking show is a little different
dynamic. Maybe both of them
just want to make more bank.
Because later in the episodes, I'm sure the more money
they're making. Yeah, not everybody revolves
around money quite like...
Yeah, just me and the rest
of the world. What else do we have?
Alright, Derek
Miller asks, thoughts on
Laius Anderson and his silver medal
reaction. Oh my god, I'm glad somebody asked
about this.
What the fuck is wrong with everyone
out there going bananas on this kid?
Are you kidding?
I probably have some friends
like in the media,
not a big deal,
that like were ripping on him.
Like, dude,
the kid is 19 years old.
He just lost the gold medal game.
He's furious.
He's a captain.
He was playing through injury,
by the way.
He's now out for five weeks.
He's getting rehabbed in New York.
And he threw his medal in the crowd.
Like, they acted like he went and punched the guy who gave him the medal.
Like, I didn't understand the  sure enough, the next day,
I bet you that kid realized, oh, we won the silver medal, right?
But, like, at the time, like, who cares?
Like, first of all, it was funny.
I mean, the kid threw his medal in the crowd,
and then the guy whipped off, like, nine jerseys and had a Swedish jersey on.
And the second part is, like, why is he supposed to be able to, like, handle with class and, like, the idea of losing?
It doesn't make sense to me that somebody that young is that mad that they just lost a heartbreaker in the gold medal game, and he threw his medal in the crowd.
Like, everyone who got that upset about that needs
to give their head a shake. Because how could
you be that mad at him over that?
I was just going to say, if you're not first, you're last.
Ricky Bobby?
Were you someone that was like...
It's just part of the
outrage culture now.
So you think it was
minority, what is it?
Vocal minorities?
Yeah, exactly.
Jesus, everyone.
People just complain, and now everybody has a voice and a form in which to be heard, so they do.
But yeah, I thought it was great.
I mean, we talk about the game, and these guys don't show enough emotion or enough passion.
You can't get much more fucking passionate than throwing your fucking medal into the crowd.
Like you said, they lost.
He didn't win a silver medal.
He lost a gold medal.
Exactly.
Those guys were there to win.
And we talked about it before the show.
Sweden, they had as much shot to win that tournament as anybody.
I was surprised they didn't win.
Yeah.
And it was his most disappointing loss that the kids ever suffered.
Yeah, I mean, maybe he regretted The next day or whatever But I thought it was
It was great drama
Like fuck this
I refuse to believe
That there's people
Who like were that upset
Like they
They have to be pretending
They have to be lying
Like you're telling me
On your coach
You were like
Oh my god
What is that kid doing
Right
What a Swedish meatball
Fuck
How could you
Throw yourself
Out on the crowd? If you
were tweeting it, I'm assuming you were tweeting
it on your couch laughing as you were
angry tweeting because to be that upset
over that, you have issues.
Yeah, it's just like I said,
it's something that sometimes people will
write that they're pissed off, but are they really
that mad in their living room or are they just
conveying maybe anger? I actually hate them if they
were that mad. I hate them.
I don't even, even if I don't know you, I hated you if you were that mad.
And by the way, I'd want that kid on my team.
He was furious.
You want someone like that playing.
He played great.
Whatever.
That was passionate.
Pissed me off when people got upset about that.
All right.
Actually, just one little like final note before we wrap up here.
You know, we get good emails time to time.
We get notes on on twitter people who
like the show whatever but i just want to share a note i got um over the last couple days from
from a listener who i've interacted with a few times on dms about the show and i i got a note
from that i was you know we were talking about how i i don't get moved during movies but i do
during real life well this is a note i just wanted to share with with our listeners um
this is what the person wrote.
This is totally out of nowhere, but my dad passed away last night unexpectedly,
and spitting chiclets is one of the things that we bonded over.
He never got a handle on the podcast app,
but I would play in the clips and tell him stories from the podcast
that would make him laugh.
He always loved hockey, which wasn't really the case for me,
but the podcast helped change my opinion,
and hockey became something that I love and that helped us bond, thank you for that and dude i wow i read that dude good and
i sorry for your loss buddy it was i was like visibly moved man like that this person's going
through such a time of grief and that they actually think to like drop us a note that
you know the shows help help them borrow their dad dad. So the fellow's name...
What if this was turned into a movie?
You wouldn't cry.
Huh?
Well, yeah, it's funny.
I know, that's why it's...
Not that beats real life.
So anyways, we want to give a shout-out to Neil.
He was from Prince George, British Columbia.
He was a Canucks fan.
He was a Spittin' Chicklets fan.
And he was, more importantly,
he was a bonding thing for him and his child.
And, again, to get that note, it was better than any paycheck or any celebrity running or whatever.
So, again, this episode we're going to dedicate to Neil from Prince George, British Columbia, and his family.
Our deepest condolences on your loss.
And we hope things get better for you.
Thank you for listening. And everybody, be good to each other out there.
R.A. with the PSAs.
I love it.
Peace out, boys and girls.
Take care. You feel that you can't go on Because all of your hope is gone
And your life is filled with much confusion
Until happiness is just an illusion
And your world around is crumbling down
Darling
Reach out
Come on girl
Reach out for me
Reach out for me Reach out for me
I'll be there
With a love that will shelter you
I'll be there
With a love that will shelter you
