Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Dollar Shave Club.
By now, everyone knows that Dollar Shave Club ships amazing raises for just a few bucks.
I've been a member for a while, and I love my shave.
What you might not know, I didn't, is that Dollar Shave Club also has products for pretty much everything else I need in the bathroom.
Body wash, shampoo, hair gel, though not as much, lip balm, everything.
As soon as I heard Dollar Shave Club had other stuff than razors, I was sold.
Because, you know, you get to the store, there's way too many options.
You got tons of razors.
You got a guy, a clerk, who doesn't necessarily know how to help you, doesn't know what you're doing.
Plus, you got to go through that TSA level security just to get some raises. It's kind of a pain, but Dollar Shave Club makes it easy and convenient
for you to upgrade your shave and your bathroom. You don't have to step foot in a store. It comes
right to your door via the internet. Just like the raises, everything is super high quality from
Dollar Shave Club and left me looking and feeling amazing. From premium ingredients to sophisticated
scents, Dollar Shave Club is changing the game.
If you're like me and sick of the nonsense
at the store, now's the time to try
Dollar Shave Club. For a limited time,
Dollar Shave Club is basically giving away their
Shit Shower Shave Starter Set to new
members. For only 5,
this starter set features their executive razor
and three trial-sized versions of their
most popular products that help you stay fresh
and clean. In your first box, you will receive their shave butter, body wash, and one-wipe Charlie's
butt wipes. You will also receive their executive razor, which includes their premium weighty handle
and full cassette of cartridges. After the first box, replacement cartridges are sent for only a
few bucks a month. This offer is exclusively available at dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
That's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Dollar Shave Club's high quality products
will have you covered from face cheeks to butt cheeks.
There is no better time to try the club. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 62 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
You can download us on iTunes and find us at BarstoolSports.com.
Welcome to my co-host
somewhere in lovely New Jersey,
Ryan Whitney.
What up?
What up?
What is up, boys?
I'm in bed.
Not much here.
Our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
Hello, gentlemen.
You're in bed?
Tough day already, brother?
No, Grinelli.
Grinelli, I didn't know
that hello, gentlemen
is a thing for you
and then last week
you didn't say it
and some kid called you out. Yeah, it's happened actually a few and then last week you didn't say it, and some kid called you out?
Yeah, it's happened actually a few times now.
If I don't say it, people get kind of angry, which is surprising.
Let's not get crazy.
They don't get angry.
Yeah, well, that's surprising because usually if I say anything, it's usually they jump down my throat.
Shut the fuck up, Grinnelly.
Exactly.
Hey, what's up, boys?
How you guys doing?
Doing good, man.
boys how you guys doing uh we're doing good man it's uh i'll tell you it's great to wake up in the morning and be able to turn on a serious satellite radio serious xm and have uh have
be able to listen to our peers at barstool the new launch happened on wednesday power 85
barstool sports new channel have you been checking it out wits um i didn't really get a chance
chance to yesterday i i uh i have a big job here NHL Network, so I was kind of busy with that.
But I love the fact that now all day you get the Barstool content.
And I used to have to try to listen later on to Barstool Radio,
and now you just chuck it on whatever time it is.
You got something going.
So it's exciting.
I'm pumped.
I'll tell you, the four to seven hours are great because that's a lot of
end of the day.
A lot of people go grinding through the end of the day.
And from four to six, they have KFC and El Presidente and the new woman they hired, Liz Gonzalez.
They get some real good chemistry early.
But six to seven, you got to catch it.
It's fucking Big Cat, Carabas, and Roan.
And it's basically the lead up to the gambling hour.
It was like, oh, my, wait a minute.
Are you kidding me?
From six to seven, like talking like sports stories and big cats.
Like, all right, everybody calling, texting.
Well, I'm sorry, calling your bets.
Give us your tips.
So I tried to get through, but it was so busy.
I had to text them my winners last night.
By the way, I'm sorry, Wednesday night.
By the way, did you see that empty net goal with Anaheim for the clinch the other night?
Yes, I've seen.
I saw it.
I saw you retweet everyone who was
verbally blowing you about your pick
and I was just like, this is lovely.
0.1 seconds left.
That's just living by the empty netter.
Live by it, die by it. It was funny because
I actually tweeted at Big Cat
Wednesday, I actually said, the pick of the night
is Anaheim and I actually meant Moneyline
but I didn't specify it. And then I said, and I also like a puck line par of the night is Anaheim. And I actually meant Moneyline, but I didn't specify it.
And then I said, and I also like a puck line parlay with Boston and Anaheim.
So they both came through.
Yeah, of course, when the internet tweets out your winner, you got to fucking brag about it.
There's no doubt about that.
So congrats to everybody at HQ for getting the new channel off the ground.
It was a great first day.
This show, we're going to be taking part as well, so we're excited to be part of it.
I joined Sirius 12 years ago, a year before they got Stern.
I got the lifetime membership, and I would have never thought 12 years later that my
dumbass voice was going to be on a show on it.
It's pretty exciting on that end, too.
Not so exciting times for Andrew Cogliano, though.
Pretty exciting on that end, too.
Not so exciting times for Andrew Cogliano, though, Woods.
I mean, listen.
Listen, guys.
I don't think Andrew Cogliano, you know, he's not a household name. I think that, you know, big hockey fans, they know about him,
and they know about the streak and how reliable of a player he is.
He's like the perfect third-line center, can play up and down a lineup.
And I play with him in Edmonton.
This guy is one of my favorite teammates ever.
Cogs, hilarious, funny guy, so professional, works his balls off,
every day shows up, cares so much about the game.
And in Edmonton, listen, he went through a tough time.
I mean, by the end of his career there, I think at one point,
I could talk to him
about it. He was on the ice for like 15 goals against in a row that the Oilers had. I was
walking, we'd finish games and he'd be sitting there just looking at me. I can't do anything
different. This is horrible. What the hell's going on? So he was at a time when I used to joke with
him, would he take a 15 year deal for 15 million, 1 million a year. He's like, I'd take it right now, buy a nice Escalade.
So Cogs has kind of really gotten to Anaheim
and then just become this awesome player.
Really, in a way, you know exactly what you're going to get every night.
And by saying every night, that's not even a joke.
I mean, this guy's never missed a game.
He was on way to beating Doug Jarvis' all-time record of consecutive games played.
Now, he was over 100 games away from that, so anything could happen.
But he was on track.
I mean, he plays a hard game.
He plays a clean game.
He's never been suspended before.
He's never gotten in trouble before.
He's played an honest career for 10-plus years now,
and I'm looking at his stats, 82-82, 82-82, 82-82.
It's not up.
48 the lockout year in 12-13.
And to see what happened made me so sick to my stomach and disgusted,
and I've talked to a couple people at the league who reached out to me actually
when they saw my tweet and said i want i want our side out there in terms of for them for them
this was classified as an easy suspension they said it was a second late uh they said it was a
direct blow to the head um and that's pretty much where it where it ends i mean in that sense that
that's where they're looking at, listen, this is a suspension.
My whole beef is the fact that, one, okay,
Adrian Kempe didn't even fall over.
He, like, leaned over.
He wasn't even down on the ice laying there.
Two, he didn't miss a shift.
He was back out there for the power play.
Next shift.
He made play in the goddamn power play
the next shift and three with cogs having zero history of anything going on and the streak this
amazing streak that's so ridiculous even fathom i didn't play one year playing every game this
guy's never missed a game and he's played hard the entire time and to see it end like this when you could have just
find them you could have just you could have just taken two games paid whatever like i just don't
understand how they could suspend them i don't understand how that couldn't take it to effect
and now i was also told listen ryan we do not take injuries into effect when a hit is when a
hit happens uh the suspension will occur no matter injury or not.
If it is a dirty hit and the player gets injured, we add more games.
So that's how the injury affects it in a sense that if it's a suspension hit
and the guy gets hurt, more games will be added.
If it's a suspension hit and there's no injury, it doesn't matter.
So for them, they didn't at all take into effect the record.
It's not a record yet, but he was well on his way. They didn't take into effect a record that
they say could be broken next game if he blocks a shot and breaks his foot. Valid point, I suppose.
But for me, knowing a guy, Coggs, the funniest, one of the best teammates I ever had, and to know
how much this meant to him and to see him break down in his interview,
he was very emotional.
I felt sick to my stomach for him.
Yeah, I'm glad you brought up that interview.
Maybe we can play a clip of it, of Gargoliano talking.
I think it was the local Ducks reporter.
So now the streak of 830 consecutive games does come to an end.
I know that hasn't driven you, but it's meant a lot to you throughout the course of your career.
How tough have the last 24 hours been for you?
Yeah, it's something that, you know, I think as I don't,
I don't really talk about too much as I've been going through it because,
you know, you're in the process of it, but it's, it's a tough pill to swallow.
I'm not going to lie.
You know, you know, I think I've played hard and battled,
and I'm a professional and someone that I've played a long time,
and I miss the game.
There it was right there.
I mean, you know, he was pretty much near tears.
I mean, even watching it, you couldn't help but feel for the guy,
and that's so unusual for a
post-suspension interview, but
yeah, you know,
I think because we've seen so much
inconsistency in these calls over the years,
that's, I think, why will I kind of
piss that, man, what's this guy getting games
for? We've seen other guys do way worse
than this in a game and get nothing
or maybe get a fine, so this guy
with the impeccable record he has,
and I know they're going to say, well, we can't take records into account,
and that is kind of a precedent you don't want to set.
Well, this guy might set a record.
Let's overlook it.
But just tying that whole
But take his past history into account.
Well, that's what I'm getting to.
Like, okay, if you don't want to take  he's approaching records.
Take on the fact the guy's played 800 fucking career straight games
or whatever it was and hasn't been suspended,
hasn't had anything bad against him, has a great reputation.
It just  for as political as some of these decisions seem to be
or even willy-nilly, the fact that someone couldn't be like,
dude, look, it's Cogliano, dude.
The guy  I mean, it was  you had to slow it down
to see how late of a hit it was.
Yeah, it was a second late.
The guy came over the line.
He caught him high.
But a fine would have been way more appropriate.
It just sucks to see a guy like this who's done the right thing the whole time
and he's going to get kind of screwed over.
I mean, that'd be a pretty cool record to have.
I mean, we talk about Doug Jarvis all the time because, you know,
he's got the record, you know.
I mean, yeah. about what doug doug javis all the time because you know he's got the record you know i mean yeah i i i think now george peros he roomed with cogs for a year and i mean listen now maybe because of
that he's thinking i don't i don't want people to think uh because i'm friends with him and i've
roomed with him and i played with him that i'm that i'm not suspending him and there's that whole
side but nobody was calling for Cogs' head.
It wasn't a story going around Canada
or NHL Network in terms
of, wow, well, Cogs down, but suspended. It wasn't
even really a big deal right when it happened. I think
Nick Kiprio sent a tweet about it.
And just to see
830 games in a
row down the toilet
after a guy who gets hit
plays on the next power play.
I just think that it's really, really unfortunate for Cogs.
I'm not saying that the hit wasn't a little late and he caught his head.
A fine would have been fine, I think.
I just get sick to my stomach to think that he was on track for probably a
record that people thought would never be broken.
Doug Jarvis was probably like Mercury Morris, popping open bottles of champagne
when the suspension went
down. I don't think anyone will ever touch that record.
Although, our boy Keith Yandel,
I think he's now the one
tracking them down over 600 in a row.
So we'll see what happens, but Cogs,
you're in my thoughts. I
talked to him briefly, and I think more than anything
the Giordano hit on Ajo had people
confused. That was considered a very clean hit by the league.
Giordano blew him up, and it was no suspension considered clean,
and Cogliano's wasn't, so it is what it is.
But I feel bad for Cogs.
15-year, 15 million deal, Cogs.
Stay hot.
Yeah, I would have fucking signed that bad boy in a second, too.
You think?
You think?
Shifting gears but staying in the West.
A team that's certainly had, actually, they've had the best point turnaround,
yeah, best turnaround point-wise, and they're being propelled by a player
who we mentioned earlier in the season or before the season as a guy who
started off hot as a pistol and then kind of disappeared for a little bit.
Career-wise, started hot as a pistol. Now he's killing it this year.
He has Nate McKinnon.
He's in the MVP conversation.
I think Colorado might have to make the playoffs before that's a conclusion.
But 20 goals, 34 assists, 54 points in 43 games.
This kid, he's locked up at 6.3 million a year through 22-23 for Colorado,
which is going to look like a pretty sweet deal.
So, I mean, what do you think?
Is his play enough to propel them
into the playoffs? And by the way,
Steve Duchesne was really clogging up that
fucking locker room, it looks like, huh?
Call him Steve Duchesne again.
Call him Steve Duchesne again.
Oh, man, I'm telling you, it's the
Colorado-Quebec thing.
Matt Duchesne. They got rid of Matt Duchesne, man, and they're a brand-new team.
You've got to think it's not a coincidence, right?
I think you'd be foolish to think it's not a coincidence.
Nathan McKinnon is nasty.
This guy, I mean, you see highlight goals.
You see how quick his hands were.
I think back to the World Cup of Hockey a couple years ago
when the team Young Guns took down Sweden in
overtime and McKinnon had that dirty goal.
He seems like
he's some of the quickest stick handles in the league
and because of that,
his speed along with his hands
and his shots just have made them this elite
goal scorer. The fact that he's making that for
the next four or five years, what a
deal for Colorado to have. They've won seven
in a row. What a bounce back from last year. They've won seven in a row. I mean, what a bounce back
from last year. I talked to Gabriel
Landis earlier in the season,
and he was just saying how it was more exciting
that guys were back just before the season
even started. Listen, last year's behind us,
it was a complete nightmare, and now we're ready to go.
And like you said, since Steve
Matt Duchesne has been traded,
you can't think
that it's not... You can't think that that has nothing to do with it.
And Matt Duchesne's a great player.
Things have not gone well for him this season.
Otto has been a complete disaster since he's got there.
But to have a guy, right, if you're in a locker room
and you have somebody who doesn't want to be there, right?
So everyone's buying in.
And, yeah, some guys on the team don't like the coach.
Some guys wish they were playing more,
and there's always guys that probably wish they could get traded
and maybe get a look on another team.
But in a sense, everyone wants to be there.
When you have a guy that's outspokenly asked for a trade,
you're answering goddamn questions about it all the time.
You know blatantly that he doesn't really care win or lose
because he doesn't want to be there.
And finally he's gone.
There is no chance.
You can't say that a team just finally says,
all right, we got the guys that want to be here now.
We got the guys who want to win.
We can go on a run here.
We got the team we think can go on a run.
Mikko Rantan has been awesome there.
High pick for them.
Big, big rangy center.
He plays with McKinnon.
So this team's really taken off.
And you can't say that Duchesne finding the even and saying,
listen, we got rid of the guy who was so miserable being here.
Fuck him.
Let's go now.
And they've done that.
It's been pretty impressive to see because I don't think anyone really
expected this.
Yeah.
And that's a great point.
You know, how it almost like poisons the locker room.
And, you know, positionally, too, now Duchesne's out of there,
then that, you know, opens up probably things for McKinnon
a little. Now, I'm just looking at McKinnon's
stats. Well, it's his team now.
Exactly. Well, you know, him and, well, probably
Landis Skog, too, as the captain. But I'm looking
now, McKinnon's 22 years old,
just turned 22 in September,
and this is already his
fifth season in the NHL
because, remember, you know, he had a great rookie year, 63 points his rookie year.
Then he kind of faltered his sophomore year, whereas a lot of guys do.
But I mean, this kid, it's great to kind of like to steal Big Cat's phrase.
I think he's back and it's great to have a young gun back like that.
Whether he leads Colorado back to the playoffs remains to be seen.
But it's nice that, you know, what is it?
One door closes, another one opens.
And that's certainly what it seems like happened in Denver.
One other note before.
Actually, we're bringing in our boy.
We didn't mention that.
Our boy, Kami, Mike Commodore, is a crowd favorite.
He'll be joining us to talk the upcoming conference championship weekend
and a few other additional topics.
But Wednesday night, Claude Lemieux.
Claude Lemieux.
Claude Julien made his first.
Wakey, wakey, eggs and babies.
Yeah, literally.
I was up late blogging.
That's my excuse this week.
I was up late winning bets.
No big deal.
Yeah.
Point two, bitch.
Claude Julien returned to Boston on Wednesday night,
his first game back in the city since he was fired.
And it was quite a lovely standing ovation in the crowd game,
which was well-deserved.
I guess there was some scuttlebutt on Twitter,
so take it for what it's worth.
Are people going to boo him?
I said, if you're going to boo the guy who brought you your first cup in 40 years,
you're a fucking absolute moron.
But I didn't hear any boos.
Claude got a fantastic ovation.
They played the nice video for him, even though his team got dummied.
So a nice little clip.
Did you happen to catch that Wednesday night, Wits?
Yeah, I did.
I was watching.
I'm happy for him.
He's got to be looking at this like, oh, my God.
Actually, you know what?
He makes 5 million a year for the next five years.
Maybe he doesn't give a flying fuck.
But if you're looking at where the Bruins are at now and you look at that trash bag team in Montreal that team stinks they stink and the Bruins last night put a
complete beating on them it was like a game of puck possession Montreal couldn't even touch the
play scored the first shift after that it was it was a complete joke so Julian probably comes back
and says oh my god do I miss coaching this team? Now,
the thing is, would the Bruins be like this with him? They needed a change. They've been amazing
ever since Cassidy took over. They should have fired him earlier. They probably would have had
a better seating last year in the playoffs, but they wouldn't have got stuck playing Ottawa.
I just think that Julian did a lot for the Bruins. He really did. So if you're a fan,
I thought you were just going to drop your pecker headline. I thought you were going to say fans were peckerheads.
You're a peasant
if you booed Claude Julien. What did he do?
He won a cup coach for 10 years. He's got the
most wins in Bruins history for a coach.
So good for him to be back, but
under the circumstance where his team stinks
and the team that he got fired from is
rolling and the dark horse to win the East,
man, I don't
understand how he'd feel.
He probably had a little bit of jealousy.
Also, in terms of your bet against Anaheim, I wanted to bring up quick.
Anaheim wouldn't be bad to throw a couple shekels on them to win the Cup
because that team's good.
They're getting everyone back, and I think that they could make a little bit
of a run once the playoffs start.
So maybe think about some futures right now with them. Yeah, actually going to try to take a look at him as we were chatting because uh what's his face John Gibson man he's
really panned out as another great American goaltender he's a you know he's a guy we probably
don't hear about as much because he plays way out in the west coast but he's uh he certainly
arrived as a number one goalie and you know like last night man you know he had a couple of major
saves to keep that game close.
I'm sorry, Wednesday night, Pittsburgh got a little bit too close in that game.
But Gibson is like a bonafide number one goaltender.
Also, Thursday, we want to acknowledge was the 60th anniversary of Willie O'Ree
becoming the first black player in the NHL.
Yes, dude.
I wore a pin for him.
I wore a pin on NHL Tonight last night for him.
Nice.
I had the game on.
I didn't catch that.
But he, you know, I've never had the pleasure of meeting Willie,
but everybody who meets him says he's a tremendous guy,
just carries himself with a grace and a dignity.
He's a tremendous ambassador for the game.
And, Wits, I was kind of stunned to realize, like,
the guy's not in the Hall of Fame.
And it's like, man, you know.
I said the same thing. I go, Jeremy Jacobs isn't in the goddamn Hall of Fame, and it's like, man, you know. I said the same thing. I go,
Jeremy Jacobs is in the goddamn Hall of Fame,
and Willie O'Ree isn't?
The first black person to ever play
in the NHL 60 years ago?
He also, I didn't realize,
so he's 83 years old.
I've met him before. Nicest
guy. He still
skates. He had ankle surgery a while back,
and he's waiting to rehab so he can get back
on the ice the guy's an animal but he is he's very he's very well spoken he looks like he's in good
shape like i would pay looking like i mean he looks better than you are a he's 83 i would take
looking like him at looking like this at 60 let alone 83 so willie's the man and i can't imagine
uh r.a and granelli you know you've heard the stories
what Jackie Robinson went through I can't imagine what people were saying and yelling at him
throughout his years playing in the NHL 60 years ago so he deserves to be in the hall of fame uh
put him in as a builder put him in the category put Jacobs in he's done more for the game than
that guy has so you think of every black player, Kevin Weeks interviewed him.
It was an awesome interview.
And he said, he's just such a good guy.
He's so friendly.
He talks to everyone.
And all he does is talk about, listen, if you want, you got, you got to pick your dreams.
You got to believe in yourself.
And there's going to be hard times, no matter what, for every single person to reach your
dreams, there's going to be hard times.
And I can't imagine the hard times he went through.
So it's sticking with it.
And somebody like that is just so impressive.
And the league just did a good job last night, though, with the 60th anniversary.
He dropped the puck for the Bruins.
And I think that the more he gets mentioned, then maybe we can pick up some steam for Willie in the HOF.
Absolutely.
Even Willie Beamer. Yeah.
You look and it's like, all right, whether you put him in the builders, I mean, they have that veterans committee where they vote in guys that are older.
I know they voted in a guy, you know, Dick Duff from the Toronto Maple Leafs, like 50 years after the fact, because, you know, you know, he's well known in Toronto and stuff.
And it's like, man, man, if you can't give this guy the honor, then who the hell else can you give it to?
Like you said, it's, you know, a pioneer pioneer the guy who broke the color barrier in that sport and you got those what he had to go
through especially during that era playing in northern cities and you know canada where he was
you know definitely the only black guy in the building most nights and uh he's definitely a
an nhl hero a hockey a person who definitely deserves to be in the hockey hall of fame so
all right that's going to wrap up that section.
We're going to be bringing our boy Mike Commodore in.
This interview is brought to you by the Black Tux.
Do you have a wedding or a big Oscar party coming up
where you're going to be needing a nice suit or a nice tuxedo?
You've got to try out the Black Tux.
Everybody wants to look as great as their date at a wedding or an Oscar party.
Trouble is, there's no way you want to spend the amount of time and money
as your girl did shopping for her outfit.
The BlackTux.com is your answer with high-quality rental suits and tuxedos delivered to your
doorstep.
The BlackTux is the easy way for guys to rent suits and tuxedos online.
The BlackTux lets you create your look or choose from tons of stylist-selected outfits.
Suits usually retail for 1,200, but at The the black tux they start at just 95 dollars
expert customer care has your back every step of the way and it's done completely online
with the black tux free home try on you can see the fit and feel the quality of your suit
months before your event i got my tux i tried it on thing fits great i'm getting ready for my oscar
party not sure who my picks are going to be but I'm going to be looking fresh because I have the Black Tux
suit and tuxedo
set up. After ordering, your suit
arrives within 14 days before your event.
Anything less than perfect,
the Black Tux will send you a free replacement
right away. When your event is over,
just drop your rental back in the mail.
Shipping is free both ways.
So to get 20 off
your purchase, visit theblacktux.com slash chicklets.
That's theblacktux.com slash chicklets for 20 off your first purchase.
The Black Tux, premium rental suits and tuxedos delivered.
And now we bring in our boy, Mike Commodore, one of our favorite reoccurring guests,
a man who has now started selling millions of in-one t-shirts to men and women around the world
who like to get buckled.
Call me. How you been, buddy? Where are you at right now?
I'm doing pretty good. Yeah, the t-shirt game's been going all right, a lot better than expected.
I'm just in Calgary. I'm looking forward to getting out of here for a couple weeks
because there's a lot of snow out here and I'm starting to get tired of it.
But yeah, just hanging out in Calgary. Perfect perfect so now we had mayday on last week i don't know if
you heard it that guy holy shit mayday's a beauty where i can't wait for scotland call me put it
that way mayday's in peak form already i love that guy i didn't look at i was gonna listen to it
actually today uh i saw a couple of the quotes though that you guys put up on instagram twitter
and stuff.
He's great. Hopefully, I've already put the request in to be his roommate
on the Clay Horkoff
Invitational again this year so I can take
care of him. It's actually kind of nice because it keeps me in line
a little bit too.
He's a great dude. He's hilarious.
So, we talked earlier
briefly. Can you give me your opinion on
the Cogliano suspension?
What did you think about that?
And were you ever suspended?
I was never suspended.
I was never suspended in the NHL.
I got suspended for jumping over the boards to fight somebody numerically.
I think I got five years for that.
But not for anything in the NHL.
Yeah, I mean, a couple of the guys in the team were like texting me they were like hey uh you need to
call these guys over the suspension and I was like okay but I'm like I'm also I'm like well
I mean I'm buddies with well you know what before that I mean I do think it's a little bit
borderline I mean that's tough for the street game to an end I thought the hit was a little
bit borderline to be honest I think I need to see it a couple more times.
I only saw it like twice, just kind of real quick.
But
yeah, I wouldn't say it was a strong
suspension, just
from what I saw, but I'd have to look at it again.
Alright, Carmi,
I don't know if you caught the last night
they retired Eric Lindros, his
number 88 in Philadelphia. I know
you guys' careers crossed over quite
a bit. Would you say he was
the most dominant player
that you played against in your era?
Or was he kind of already
losing a little bit less on his play due to
the concussions? I would say
he was probably
I mean, he was a really good
player, but I would say he probably
was losing it a little bit. I mean, he was killing it in like the 90s would say he probably was losing it a little bit I mean he
was killing it in like the 90s and then I kind of started playing a little bit I mean I really
wasn't in the league until like you know I was in and out for the first few years like you know 2001
2002 2004 I was in and out but I didn't play against him a whole lot then and then once by
the time I was like in like 0 0506 uh he was good don't
get me wrong like he was a really good player but he was no nothing like he was so um i wouldn't say
i really got to play against like the the hall of fame version of eric lindros which was probably a
good thing because he looked like somebody ran people over pretty good but um yeah yeah it's probably a good thing I avoided him because that guy was big.
I mean, he was a big dude.
So playing against him when he could, like, really skate and was, like, pretty mean,
yeah, he definitely would have been a force to deal with.
No doubt about it.
No, I lifted Lindros' stick and caused him not to score, like,
an empty net tap and goal when he was in Dallas.
I was so fired up.
I'm like, I just out-muscled the big E.
And Mark Reckie, after the game, goes, take it easy, dude.
He's like one-tenth of what he was.
He would have dummied you if that was back in the Lindros' heyday.
That's great.
I wonder if he took a lot of shit on the ice like early in his career even though
how good he was just because of the the process on which he ended up in philadelphia where you
know guys in the nhl usually you get drafted you're happy enough to be drafted and play for
who you play for and i wonder if like because of you know he forced the trade from the team
that drafted him if if he heard a lot of shit from other players or if they just didn't bother
bother with him because he was 6'5", 240 and would dummy them.
Well, Andy was dominating from the get-go.
He couldn't say shit to him.
He was just running everyone over, sniping all the time, even as a rookie.
So it was like, all right, this guy wanted to play for, you know,
he didn't want to play for Quebec, and he's living up to what he was.
So we can't say shit.
Call me.
We were going to talk briefly.
We wanted to wait for you to come on
about this week's AFC
NFC title matchup. You're going to have
actions on the games. Who are you picking?
Yeah, I got
some action. I've been thinking about it all week,
so I was betting a little bit last week.
Last week, I did
the over. I bet the Minneapolis
game. The Vikings are my team.
If I've got to pick one, I'm not a diehard fan.
I'm not dressing up like a Viking and painting my face purple and running around the house
screaming, but I am a Vikings fan.
So the Vikings are my team.
I wasn't real confident about it, so I got the over, which worked out.
I got it at 47 last week, so that worked out nicely.
And then I'm also in a pool
at Whisper Aquit,
at the golf course there
that I'm at in Arizona.
And I made it to,
there's like six there,
I don't know,
it's like 150 teams
or 200 teams.
You know,
I pick games every weekend.
Long story short,
everybody's eliminated now
except for 16 teams
and I'm one of them.
So the rules now are
I got to pick these teams with the spread.
If you lose either one of these games, you're out.
So I need two winners.
I don't know.
Right now, I'm leaning towards, I mean, it's pretty hard to bet against the pass.
I mean, no matter what that spread is.
I mean, I don't know.
What is the spread?
Eight and a half or something like that?
I'm looking at eight and a half right now.
I'm looking at it.
I know it opened at nine.
I'm sure they probably got some Jacksonville action. Personally, I mean, I know obviously I'm a at eight and a half right now. I'm looking at it. I know it opened at nine. I'm sure they probably got some Jacksonville action.
Personally, I mean, I know obviously I'm a Pats fan.
I try to keep my biases away from my gambling and my emotions from gambling.
But I tend to think Jacksonville shot their wad last week in Pittsburgh.
They seemed a little too happy after the game.
And, you know, they're going against what they're going against, Brady, Belichick.
I could see this one being a blow. Brady, Belichick. I could see this one being a blowout.
Brady, Belichick, Portnoy.
Oh, God, you said it.
Call me.
Quickly, we've got to get to Babcock talking.
I've noticed he doesn't play Matthew.
He plays Matthews like 18 minutes a game.
Can you try to give me the explanation on him playing his best players,
not a lot of minutes?
Is that like to try to keep something over them?
I don't know what it is.
What's going on with Babcock right now?
Why is he playing these guys so little?
First and foremost, Mike Babcock is a fucking piece of shit.
That definitely factors into it.
I mean, that's the number one factor.
But, yeah, actually, I have been getting a couple messages.
Apparently, my good buddy Mike Babcock is coming under a little bit of fire, really,
for the first time in Toronto.
Yeah, in my opinion, what he's doing, I read a little bit.
I still can't stand to watch a fucking Leafs game because I don't watch the games.
Because he's on fucking TV.
And it makes me want to fucking break my TV.
But I do read a little bit.
Yeah, I think you actually made it right in the head.
I mean, in his mind,
everybody is tuning in
to TSN.
Everybody's coming in to the
D.A.C.C. Center
to watch the Leafs play whoever.
Everybody's coming in there to see him.
This is his show.
I'm the head coach.
I'm in charge.
I make all the decisions.
Everybody's here to watch me.
That's what's going through that fucking column's head.
His arrogance is fucking, cannot be fucking touched by anybody else.
So that's where I think so i think he's not used you know look i mean obviously this kid is probably everything i've heard about the
guy the guy's awesome he's a good guy but that's what i've never met him in person so i don't know
but he's a good kid he's your best player on your team so obviously at some point he should
probably be the captain of that team. But with Mike Babcock
as the fucking head coach, we know
he's got a long battle face because a
captain for him is a threat. Hey, whoa, we don't need
a captain. I'll just fire up
real-time assistants here. I'm the
fucking captain. Put a T on my fucking
suit. That's what he wants.
I think it's keeping
these guys down.
Keep the focus off him a little bit. I think it's keeping these guys down, keeping the focus off him a little bit.
I think it's kind of a power play a little bit,
if you want to put it like that,
because the show is about him.
I don't think he wants anybody else to get too big
because we want it to be about him.
Fuck that piece of shit.
There we go.
There's a little recap of the Toronto Maple Leafs currently.
Tell us how you really feel.
Klaus, what are you going to do for the football games?
You're obviously going to be getting in one somewhere.
What city or town are you going to be in come Sunday?
Sunday, I am going to be in Calgary.
I'm going to be in Calgary. I'm going to be in Calgary
until the end of the month, and then I have a
fantasy
camp, actually. At the end of the month,
the 25th to the 29th, I got
a hockey fantasy camp in Nashville,
which is going to be a total shit show.
Oh, listener, sign up.
Where can they sign up, call me?
That's a good question,
man. I don't know know i'm not putting it on
i'm not sure i just got the email that asked me to come they give me a little bit of money and
they're like just gotta play a couple of games and hit the booze i'm like no problem guys are
gonna be like honey i'm sorry i'm doing this mike common or fantasy camp oh where is it i don't know
we're just supposed to meet at tootsies's at 5 o'clock February 25th.
There's no itinerary.
I've just paid them 5,000.
I think we're just going to drink.
I'm just going to sit at the
bar and booze.
Hey, call me. What are you doing
when you're in Kansas City always
getting after? What's going on
in Kansas City for you?
Oh, man.
Kansas City, I've never been... Oh, my God. getting after what are you what's going on in kansas city for you oh man so with kansas city
i've never been oh my god seriously i've never been to kansas city um before until last oh i
guess it's two decembers ago now so whatever 13 months ago never been to kansas city anyways
really long story short i played in a golf tournament at whisper rock i'm playing with
my buddy joe who's r Ricky Fowler's caddy.
Anyways, we're playing this two-day tournament, member-member tournament.
The second day, we're playing in like eight,
so we're partners, but there's eight guys in a group.
Anyways, there's these brothers, and they're like,
you know, hey, what's going on?
I'm like, hey, I'm Mike.
You know, where are you guys from?
Kansas City, blah, blah, blah.
Anyways, we keep kind of going on, and it's like, you know, these guys are like going on? I'm like, Hey, I'm Mike. You know where you guys from Kansas city, blah, blah, blah. And we just keep kind of going on.
And it's like,
uh,
you know,
these guys are like a couple of years younger than me.
And they're like from Kansas city.
I'm like,
I just met some chick from Kansas city,
the Ryder cup.
She come visit.
They're like,
well,
why don't you?
I'm like,
well,
that's a good question.
They're like,
well,
we'll pick a weekend.
You know,
what's your schedule?
Look at them.
Like,
look,
my schedule is wide open.
So anyways anyways end up
it turns out these guys are their last names are the illyks they're very successful their
family's very successful in kansas city they you know their their dad created this company called
cerna they own a bunch of different companies but anyways their program in kansas city i kind of knew
a little bit before we went there for the first time, but I wasn't sure. So we come in, picks us up, we go to a Chiefs game, we go to, they
have this place, they own this ranch called Maple Ranch, and then we go to a...
But the Buddy Ranch?
It's not quite like that. It's a little bit nicer than the Buddy Ranch, I'm imagining,
but there are no chicks. I don't want to get the guys
in trouble.
Anyway, it's like
fantasy land for me. We show up,
go to a Chiefs game, get fucking in
one. Next day, wake up at
10, he comes and picks us up.
We drive out an hour to his ranch
and this ranch is like
this ranch sleeps
80. There's 15 people that work here full time. When I first went down over to this ranch is like, like this ranch sleeps 80. Like there's 15 people that work here full time.
Like this isn't like when I first went down over to the branch,
I'm like ranch.
I'm like,
it's Friday night.
I'm like,
what am I going to ride a fucking horse?
I want to stay in town.
I want to go to a fucking branch.
And then we get there and it's like,
Oh,
I mean you do whatever.
It's nice.
Honestly,
it's the nicest place I've ever been in my life.
So stay there. And he like recreate, there's the nicest place I've ever been in my life. So I'll stay there.
And he recreated, there's a big famous bar in Lawrence on KU called The Wheel.
He recreated that bar on the ranch.
So we just get fucking in one there and get up,
and then we usually go to a KU game on the last day.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, it was great.
This last trip we went and like, yeah, I don't know if you can see the video of me dribbling around on the floor on Allen Field.
Yeah, dude, I saw you chuck up an air ball.
Oh, that was terrible, dude.
I threw that thing right out of the, like, right out of the stadium.
It was like way short of a hoop, bounced over the chairs and rolled right out into the concourse.
Nice.
But anyway, so that's how I ended up in Kansas City.
So since then, I've now gone like, you know what?
I should try and get you guys there.
The one time he cut, for the first weekend of March Madness,
Mike is the one brother's name, Mike and Brian.
They put like a big thing on at the ranch,
and a wheel called, for the first weekend,
it's like just, weekend. It's fun.
There's like 70 or 80
guys there to get down.
That's getting in one. That's a weekend
and a half, it sounds like.
KC's fantasy
land for me. Fuck Vegas.
KC's
a great time, especially if you're doing
a playoff game at Arrowhead.
It's a great time.
The tailgate's unbelievable.
It's a real good take if you can ever get it.
But listen, Kami, thanks for joining us once again, as always.
We appreciate your input on Mr. Babcock in Toronto.
It's always a big hit.
So we'll be having you back on soon enough, I'm sure, my friend.
Thank you very much to our man, Kami.
I'm sure he's
really sober when he's in Kansas
City on those weekends.
It's a great time. If you can ever hit that
Kansas City Arrowhead Stadium with a cheese
plate, first you need to make sure they get a home
playoff game, which doesn't happen as much as it used
to, but it's a dynamite time.
The people there are so friendly. The tailgates are wild.
Just food and booze as far as the eye can see.
And it's just a really great stadium atmosphere.
So, yeah, thanks to Kami for coming on.
He, no doubt, will be getting in one this weekend watching the games.
Time for our weekly segment when we take questions from you, the listeners.
Our All Right Hamilton segment.
Grinnell, you can fire when ready.
All right.
All right, Hamilton segment.
Grinnell, you can fire when ready.
All right, Dylan Rodriguez asks,
with the Caps releasing their terrible stadium series uniforms today,
what is your least favorite sweater of all time?
And for Ryan Whitney, what is the worst one you've ever had to wear?
All right, Hamilton.
Do go first, Wits.
All right, well, all right.
Worst sweater I ever had to wear.
I played for BU's jerseys, unreal.
Their Academy's jerseys, unreal.
USA's, unreal.
Pittsburgh, I like.
Edmonton, I like.
So I'm not a huge fan of the Anaheim Ducks jerseys.
The black and orange, I mean, I guess it's better than their original with the teal,
but I don't really like the Ducks jerseys.
I mean, I don't think I ever wore a really bad one, but the Ducks was my least favorite.
My least favorite of all time, I thought the Islanders jerseys, when they had the fisherman on the logo, might have been the ugliest,
most terrible jersey I've ever seen.
Actually, no, that's 1B.
1A is when the Bruins wore those yellow jerseys with the bear that looked like a bear was taking a shit.
It was like the scaredy cat bear.
Fucking pussy beer.
So, wait, you never had ayou would never saddled with that atrocious fucking black Edmonton jersey
with, like, the oil drop coming off a screw?
Remember that fucking schmoush-schmush?
Yeah, no, those were like navy blue.
Yeah, they actually, we weren't wearing those when I got there.
Those are fucking disgusting.
My pick, I think it's that alternate Mighty Ducks jersey,
like not the one they wore back when they were still the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim.
It was like that two-tone look.
It wasn't obviously the one they wore all the time.
It had like a big version of the duck.
It was like half green, half teal, half white.
I'm trying to describe it.
It was fucking hideous.
It was just an ugly, ugly shirt.
Special consideration for the National Predators who designed their jerseys a few years ago
after the puke scene in The Exorcist.
It was like that fucking pea green abortion that was out there.
That was an awful jersey.
That was legit the color of puke.
That's the color of Call Me Puke when he
leaves Kansas City.
Yeah, that was a pretty
awful one.
You know what else? Oh, sorry. Go ahead.
The blues jersey when they had
that fucking horrendous version they
had back when Gretzky played.
And they even had that rumored version that was a jersey they were going to use.
The blues, it was so ugly they never even used it because people saw it and basically puked when they saw it.
Yeah, the one, too, that I bet you a lot of people don't remember.
I just remember when Gretzky was on the Kings.
I don't know if it was like pre-season or they
really wore these jerseys they had jerseys and i can't remember there was like a line across the
chest and then there was like this king like with a crown on the left shoulder it was the ugly i
can't even remember it right now but i i do i do i can't remember exactly everything but i remember
like a gross king uh not the center like on the left shoulder with a line going down the right shoulder to the stomach that was hideous.
Yeah, the Burger King looking motherfucker.
Yeah, exactly. Burger King looking MF-er.
Alright, so I agree though. Those Bruins jerseys suck. Those are the worst things ever.
That was a depressing time to be a Bruins fan.
They sucked.
The Fleet Center was called sucked.
And they wore those jerseys.
You literally could just go and take a nap at the game.
In hindsight, they were probably the most appropriate jerseys in NHL history.
There's beer who looked like a little pussy fucking playing on a logo for a team that played like a bunch of pussies at the time.
Pussy, pussy, fucker.
Pussy.
All right.
So Sam Gruss asks, favorite non-hockey sports movie character?
And then he throws some in there.
Ricky Vaughn, Benny Rodriguez, Shane Falco, et cetera.
All right, Hamilton.
Oof.
That's a great question.
Favorite non-hockey sports movie character.
Oh, wow.
That's one that makes you go, hmm.
Grinnelli, we'll allow you to answer this one.
Who's yours?
All right.
This is kind of crazy, but I'm going to go with Julius from Remember the Titans.
Which character was he played by?
Is that the black one or the white one?
So he is Gary Berthier's friend.
Actually, his name is Julius.
His name is Julius.
Yeah, so he's Gary Berthier's friend when he says,
attitude reflect leadership, Captain.
And I love that.
Okay.
Yeah, that's all right.
I mean, you went with like the serious one.
Who you got, R.A.? Jeez, that's Okay. All right. Yeah, that's all right. I mean, you went with, like, the serious one. Who you got, R.A.?
Jeez, that's a fucking great question.
Wow.
I'm, like, kind of thinking, like, good football movies.
Another one I got to say is if we're going comedy-wise,
I love the big, fat Asian dude from The Replacements that eats the eggs.
He just eats hard-boiled eggs.
That's all he eats.
Yeah, that guy's great.
That guy's great.
You know who mine is?
Right when you said non-hockey movie is Tweeter from Varsity Blues.
Dude, he was like crushing teachers, like the star wide receiver.
He had STDs.
He was just a full-blown comedy actor.
He was like Edelman of high school.
And he was filthy, too.
He was nasty. Yeah, he was real nasty of high school. And he was filthy, too. He was nasty.
He was real nasty.
Why do you think he was just crushing teachers?
I'd say Kelly Leak from
The Bad News Beers.
Oh, yeah. Dude, that's such an
old, old movie for you to say.
That's perfect for you. That is actually one of
the all-time funniest movies that I don't
think a lot of people have seen, Ask a Millennial.
And that kid, he's the unreal player who like smokes cigarettes and stuff right
yeah yeah he drives a dirt bike ripping grits drinking beers fucking just a badass just a
badass of the movie by the way and it's the bad news beers the 1976 walter malthall version not
bad news beers the 2005 remake with billy barthorne which i Richard Linklater, but he really didn't need to make that movie.
Quick little addendum.
Was that the last All Right Hamilton?
No, no, no.
We got one more.
All right.
I'll tell the story after.
Go ahead.
All right.
So Riley Kozler asked, you get forced on stage at a karaoke bar.
What song are you singing?
All right, Hamilton.
Oof.
Forced on stage.
I feel like you're going to have to twist my arm after a couple of fucking margaritas to get me out there.
This is an easy one for me.
Oh, yeah, because tequila is for fucking pussies, right?
Imagine R.A. with like a margarita.
Actually, I guess.
Wasting away again in Margaritaville.
What about.
Oh, dude, you know what I sing all the time?
And actually, I shouldn't say all the time.
I've sang it like twice.
But I know all the words.
And when I say it, the guy doing the karaoke is like, really?
But We Didn't Start the Fire by Billy Joel.
If you can crush that, you're going to have some fun that night.
Grunelli, go try to memorize the words and then go crush it at karaoke
and you'll be thumping something that night.
I will, but Build Me Up Buttercup always gets the girls going.
You sing Build Me Up Buttercup at karaoke, you're golden that night.
Wow.
Ask a millennial.
I wasn't expecting that answer, Grunelli.
I basically go anything upbeat by the Stones.
If you throw brown sugar up there, that's the song I actually won.
I was at a bar in Florida. I won a
Mick Jagger contest. Won two free tickets
to the luxury box on vacation.
I would go brown sugar because I know
the words and I do a pretty fucking mean Mick
Jagger one. I got a few in me. There we go.
I'm really shocked you picked
the Stones. You sang
karaoke, then
went to the museum one day and then sang
karaoke that night. It was just the Stones day that night in New York City.
Or was this a different one?
No, no.
This was down in Tampa, like, 15 years ago.
I was visiting.
Okay.
I got shit-faced.
No, it was a legit Mick Jagger impression contest, impersonation contest that the Habari happened to be in.
This week's All Right Hamilton is brought to you by Tommy John.
So Christmas and the holidays just passed.
You probably got some new socks, new underwear.
Well, hopefully one of your relatives hooked you up with some of this new great Tommy John
wear.
I got hooked up with some and man, it's the most comfortable underwear I've worn in ages.
Tommy John is committed to provide a mind-blowing comfort, not just in their underwear, but
in all of their incredible apparel.
The unparalleled comfort in Tommy John's innovative designs and patented
fabrics ensure that your underwear will never ride up, the waistband will
never roll down, and you'll never get a wedgie.
And that's just not a problem for the ladies.
Some guys have that problem too.
We have the best pair guarantee.
If you don't love it, it's on.
If you don't love it on you, it's on them.
Tommy John re-engineered underwear so you never have to adjust.
No more distractions, no more picking wedgies, doing all that stuff guys got to do,
fidgeting around.
That doesn't happen with Tommy John.
Everything stays in place for you guys out there.
I've tried all different kinds of underwear.
Tommy John is simply the best there is.
They've got an entire line of comfortable clothing as well.
It's not just underwear.
There's a whole bunch of other stuff.
Undershirts that stay tucked in, socks that don't fall down,
and just wait until you check out their T-shirts. Soft, smooth, luxurious fabric that never shrinks or stretches
out. That's precisely why you get with a Tommy John second skin tee. Plus, all Tommy John underwear
is backed by the best pair you'll ever wear, or it's free guarantee. So you've got nothing to lose.
Hurry to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets and get 20 off your first order.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off.
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Briefly off subject, I got to roll here in a couple minutes, but why do teams in the NFL,
why do you have to
say you're going to beat the
Patriots? Why do you have to talk shit
before you play the Patriots? How stupid
can you be? Can you just
take a page from their book? Everyone hates
the Patriots if you're not a fan, right?
Will they never, ever,
ever talk about how they're going to beat a team
or they never look ahead of a team to
another team? Why can't teams just figure it out and shut their mouth the Steelers were talking about playing
the Patriots for Jacksonville they lose now Jacksonville Jalen Ramsey talking about they're
going to win the Super Bowl implying they're going to beat the Patriots like why can't you just be
somewhat smart and say oh we got an amazing test coming up like how, how dumb can you be? Keep that shit in the locker room.
You know they're all saying it in the locker room.
You don't got to go out to the media and say that kind of stuff.
No, you're not even saying it in the locker room.
The Patriots, there's  all right, maybe a couple guys are like,
we're going to roll over Tennessee, whatever.
Yeah, but I don't even think, like, most of them are even saying that.
No, I don't  not in Belichick's room.
It's a mentality.
It's a mentality.
Like, fuck, if you play the number eight seed as the number one seed,
NHL is really close, but no guys are like,
all right, we're going to walk through them.
It's just so bizarre to me, these players who have to open their mouth
to shut up and play the game, dude.
Why do you give other teams any sort of bulletin board material
every time somebody does it against the Patriots, dude?
It's mind-boggling, as Michael Scott would say.
I think it's especially egregious with Pittsburgh because, like, you know,
they do this stuff and then they fuck up after.
Of course, it's usually Tomlin with late-game, you know,
managerial decisions that are terrible.
But I think the Jacksonville stuff, I didn't see that.
You talk about when he said, oh, we're going to go to the Super Bowl,
we're going to win this, bitch.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I took that as just like a general fire
up the crowd, not really specific to the Pats.
I know obviously the Pats can draw inspiration
from it, but it wasn't, I didn't think
it was anything like what Pittsburgh was saying.
It wasn't as bad as like Le'Veon Bell
tweeting about like rematches.
Yeah, that's just plain disrespectful.
Hey, how
about the game? I feel like
it kind of sucks for us talking
uh football especially nfl players and it gets exciting just because we're like a week later
right this is friday now but that that moment of not knowing if they were going to uh kick the
extra point in minnesota after that that miracle play i had them plus five i was flipping out i
was losing my by the way i was driving around because I was driving
as New Orleans started playing well and got the lead.
And I was talking to Merles and Meg, my buddy.
By the way, Meg, my buddy, was hanging out with O.J. Simpson for this game.
He said white women love him.
I go, that should end well.
But he was in baggage with O.J.
So I'm driving around, and they're like, dude, you can't get out of the car.
You have to keep driving.
So I'm doing circles around my house, and I heard that fucking play on the radio.
I had the Minnesota Vikings broadcast on because I had New Orleans Moneyline, too.
I was like, oh, my God.
But then I ran inside, and I was watching like, oh, my God, are they going to kick this extra point?
Am I going to push the point with the point?
It was a moment where people were frantically losing their
mind in the gambling world across the country and the announcers didn't even mention it yeah it was
an all-time great gambling moment and nothing further told us that joe buck and fucking what's
his face space shot acheman that they don't gamble because yeah if that was al michaels or brent
musburger like they would be like steam coming out of their ears especially if they had if they
were laying like the five and a half.
And that was the funny part, too,
which was that there were so many different numbers out there
because I think it opened.
You know, I forget if it opened high and went low or whatever
because I actually didn't bet that game.
But, you know, people had it four and a half.
People had it five.
People had it five and a half.
So, I mean, there was so much money that could have potentially changed hands there
or also kept people as a winner by not kicking it.
But it was some ridiculous drama because there have been one or two instances,
if I'm not mistaken, where the team that was losing didn't come back on the field.
And, like, the opposing team would just still have to snap.
I'm sorry, the team that scored still has to snap the ball.
It's a real fucking unique situation.
But what a what a
wacky win though man i mean talk about just stupid play by new orleans that's we just see it over and
over in the nfl again just boneheaded plays whether individually or coaching and they cost teams and
the other teams always take advantage and it's always seems to be the patriots that that are
that team that takes advantage so uh shame on new Wallens because Drew Brees might not get this close again, you know?
I know.
I know.
That Peyton, he sucks.
I thought he was good.
He sucks.
He was challenging plays.
I was like, what is this guy drunk?
He was terrible, terrible coaching by a guy who's considered a top coach.
Tomlin's just a fool.
I mean, he just has no control whatsoever over his locker room.
But people who say they want to fire Tomlin in Pittsburgh,
I'm like, well, who else are you going to hire?
He's probably better than whoever else you'd hire.
So, I don't know.
But Patriots-wise, I mean, you've got to enjoy it.
This is the last run, Belichick, Patricia, and McDaniel.
So, we'll see this weekend.
I suspect a big win, and I suspect we'll be going for our sixth ring.
So, I'm looking forward to it.
Let's hope so, man.
I'll lay the points.
I don't know what I'm going to do in the NFC Championship.
I'm going to play that one by ear.
But anyways, that's going to wrap up this episode.
Hope everybody enjoyed.
Once again, a big thanks to our boy, Kami, for coming on.
He always loves to give it to his former coach.
It's always entertaining for everybody out there.
Once again, download us on iTunes.
Go to BastoulSports.com as well to listen to us. And any new listeners we picked up
on Sirius today, welcome to the show. Let everybody know you dug it. Tell us on Twitter.
Tag us on Facebook, Instagram. Spread the word. Take care. Have a great weekend.
Thank you very much for listening and be a hoax! Thank you. Another head hangs lowly, child moves slowly together.
And the violence causes silence.
Who are we mistaken?
