Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This week's episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Quip.
When it comes to your health, brushing your teeth is one of the most important parts of your day.
Quip knows that. They've combined dentistry and design to make a better electric toothbrush.
Quip is the new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibrations into a
slimmer design at a fraction of the cost of bulkier traditional electric brushes.
In guiding pulses alert, you win the switch sides, making brushing almost effortless.
Quip also comes with a mount that suctions right onto your mirror and unsticks to use
as a cover for hygienic travel anywhere, whether it's going in your gym bag or carry-on.
And because the thing that cleans your mouth should also be clean, Quip's subscription plan
refreshes your brush on a dentist-recommended schedule, delivering new brush heads every
three months for just 5, including free shipping worldwide. Quip is backed by a network of over
10,000 dental professionals, including dentists, hygienists, and dental students.
Most toothbrushes don't get named one of Time Magazine's best inventions of the year,
but Quip did. Find out for yourself why. Quip starts at just 25, and if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets right now, you'll get your first refill pack free with the Quip
electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chicklets.
Spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P dot com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. We'll see you next time. Hello everybody, welcome to episode Nathan Gerby.
No?
No, isn't it ironic? 63?
I know, 63.
Why, is there a 63 in the news?
A little bit, we're going to get to.
Brad Marchand for everyone who isn't
with us or sleeping on another planet.
Get into him in one second. Welcome to, again,
episode 63 of Spitting Chickens, brought to you
by Boston Sports. What is up?
Welcome to our serious radio listeners
on the Power 85.
So,
got a call from my mom.
She doesn't know
literally anything about hockey.
She'll text, right?
She emails and texts.
She would never listen to one of these podcasts.
That's basically how I'll describe it.
She calls me.
She's like, I have Sirius on.
You're on the radio.
I'm like, am I?
Because I wasn't even sure yet.
You had mentioned we might be.
This was probably at like 3 o'clock.
3 o'clock, yes. So it was like 3
10 or maybe even earlier.
And I'm like, what? She's like, I was just flipping
through and I heard your name.
Oh my, oh Jesus Christ.
And I was like, oh, this is actually pretty legit.
Like if it's getting to her, I'm like
being on Sirius, this is pretty phenomenal.
Yeah, it's pretty wild.
So again, welcome to our new listeners on the radio.
And like I mentioned last week, to go...
It's almost like she didn't believe that I had a podcast until she heard this on Sirius.
I think that's great.
So she heard it.
Yeah, well, it's funny.
I've gone from now a Sirius subscriber...
She lasted three minutes, by the way, and changed it.
She's like, your voices are terrible.
Did she?
Good thing you weren't talking about wrenches and stuff when she turned it on.
I could have been.
Who knows?
What were we talking
about last week?
Stick around for
another few minutes.
He may mention
one soon enough.
I went from a
subscriber to have
my show on here.
Kind of like I went
from a commenter
at Barstool to a
blogger.
I'm going to wish
for being at a
lottery.
I feel like now
though to say you
were a commenter
on Barstool is like
a disaster.
I've read those
before.
It's not even
like humans. Back in the day, before. It's not even like humans.
Back in the day, it used to not be a bad thing,
but yeah, it's not a badge of honor anymore.
Also, we're going to be bringing on,
very happy to say we're bringing on former Bruin,
former Ranger, Mark Savard,
who officially retired the other day.
So we're going to have him on to chat about his career,
what he's up to now, his coaching plans going forward.
So looking forward to that as well.
But like you mentioned at the top of the broadcast,
Brad and Sean, it was Monday's game, correct?
Gets the Devils.
Marcus Johansson.
He's playing an amazing game, having an incredible season,
and lo and behold, he just cannot help himself.
By the way, at this point, I'm like, I love him as a player,
and I really like him as a guy, too, so it's kind of hard for me,
but I still say, I mean, he was so dirty.
I'll say I have a friend.
I'll rename him Chris Bolli.
He says, there's no way that was on purpose.
He's going to the net.
He's getting out of his way.
I'm like, dude, how stupid are you?
It's the most obvious elbow thrown out there for no reason besides the fact,
that's what I'm saying, he'll never, I don't think this will ever stop
because he just can't not play.
He can't not play with this anger and just ability to just do anything to anyone.
He doesn't care if he has the puck, if he doesn't have the puck.
He's just that type of player.
So people who hate him, I understand it, but I don't think it'll ever end.
Yeah.
I really don't.
It is interesting.
I mean, I've had a lot of people say it on Twitter, too, like, well, he needs to have
that in his DNA.
It's weird.
I'm not saying he needs to.
Right.
I'm not defending it.
I'm just saying.
I can't get hot unless I concuss a guy.
I really just have to spear this guy in the neck,
and I'll be hard as a rock.
I think that, honestly, it's more about he's grown up
and played his entire life like that.
He probably feels bad.
It's just that he's there, and he just elbows the guy.
He doesn't think the ref's looking, and he just, he just elbows the guy. Or the guy, he doesn't think the ref's looking and he just spears him in the balls.
It's, it's, it's when you play that, that way from your time, you're seven, eight years old.
I'm convinced there's some people who can't do it.
And we'll be interviewing Mark Savard and he had his career pretty much ended by a guy who was the same fucking way.
Who didn't, either didn't care or couldn't stop doing it.
Yeah, it's interesting.
I wrote Wednesday night.
My shot's not as bad as Matt Cook either.
Yeah, yeah.
Sorry.
I saw you go a little, your's interesting. I wrote Wednesday night. My shot's not as bad as Matt Cook either. Yeah, yeah. Sorry.
I saw you go a little.
Your brain started.
Yeah.
But, you know, Wednesday I wrote, you know, maybe in his heart of hearts that like he.
Heart of hearts.
I can't say heart of hearts.
It'll sound stupid if I try to fake it. In his heart of hearts.
No, seriously.
And it's like genuine.
And it's like deep down.
He might really think he didn't do nothing wrong.
That's true.
Because he might have honestly been in his head going for the puck,
but the bottom line is even if he didn't intend it,
you're still responsible for your stick and your appendages,
and when you get your elbow up that high,
I mean, it's tough to conclude he didn't do it on purpose
when you watch that back angle over and over again.
Yeah, it's the back angle.
Right.
Hey, I'm the rear admiral.
I know back angles.
That's disgusting.
I don't want to throw up.
It's the angle where you can tell the goalie has the puck and it's over.
Because actually, from the front-on view, it doesn't look nearly as bad.
Exactly.
And you can tell the play's over and he's just like, oh, I'm kind of going here and
this guy's head's right here.
I'll just stick my elbow out and bury him in the temple.
And Johansson left the game injured.
I talked to those sources after the Cogliano mistake, I think.
But they said, listen, if it's a suspendable offense,
then there's injury, we'll throw the games on.
So, you know, I think it was probably they thought a three-game suspension
or two, and then they added the two or three because the guy was injured.
He has a concussion, I think, right?
I'd say most likely.
Yeah, he actually definitely is.
Yeah, he has to, dude.
It was like Gronk on the field.
He had no clue what was going on.
But, I mean, more than anything, for a Bruins team that's rolling,
and it's the same for any team.
If a team's going that well, you're like, dude,
we have five games that without our best player now,
or one of our best players.
So that's why I'm sure he feels bad.
I don't know if he feels bad for Johansson
or if he more feels bad for letting his teammates down,
but it sucks.
Yeah, and Johansson's not the type of guy
where you're like, yeah, fuck him,
he's a dirty prick himself.
He's kind of a...
He's like a good- like Swede with great hands.
He didn't do anything to anyone. Do you guys think you should
be able to play in the All-Star game? Oh, yes.
Good point. So that's another thing.
I actually do think
that you should be able
to play in the All-Star game. Like I don't
think that the league should be like, alright, you're suspended.
You can't come to the All-Star game. It has nothing to do
with the type of hockey that was being
played when your suspension did occur.
It's an honor that you got named.
I just wouldn't go.
I'd be like, it's just weird to me to be like, yeah, he's still going to go down.
It's in Tampa, right?
It's a free sick vacation.
But at the same time, I'd be like, dude, I'm rich as shit.
I'll buy my own vacation somewhere else.
I'm not going to go hang around the media and the league
after I just had this most talked about incident.
One of the most talked about discipline issues so far this season, like two days ago.
Yeah, he's going to basically put himself in the spotlight in the media by going.
But as far as the league, like, suspending him or not letting him play, now that's horseshit.
Two separate things.
He's still going to get his bonus.
Like, I'm sure he has an all-star bonus.
I don't think.
I think it's just younger guys now.
Oh, it's okay.
But, yeah, it's not going to, like, change anything.
Like, yeah, you know, fucking it's the all-star game.
Who cares?
You're not punishing him, really, in any way.
You think guys should be pricks to him down there?
No.
No.
Fuck.
No, they don't care.
I mean, everybody's.
It's hockey, right?
To some degree, it's even...
Oh, you do not give a shit.
You could be like, that was a dirty fucking play.
And maybe you say it to him.
Maybe you wouldn't say it to him.
But you don't care at all.
You're seeing him in the locker room.
What's up, Marshy?
You probably played international with him or know him from...
Maybe a guy who was on the Bruins, Sagan sees him.
Like, nobody gives a shit.
Maybe if he had done it to somebody who was down there,
and then the guy sees him down there, he's like,
fuck you, Johansson wouldn't do anyways if he had done it to somebody who was down there, and then the guy sees him down there, he's like, fuck you.
Johansson wouldn't do anyways if he was playing in it or healthy enough to.
I mean, he probably wouldn't say a word.
So there's none of that going on.
People could give two shits.
Now, not even like a teammate won't even like maybe like, hey,
kind of maybe a slow, cautious, hey, what's up?
Like, because it's still sort of fresh.
Oh, yeah, that's a good question.
Like, maybe not that Halsey's...
I don't mean personality-wise, but just say a teammate of Johansson's in the locker room,
and it's like a couple days later, are you going to give him the same warm greeting you
may have had the answer to not happen?
Maybe he won't.
Maybe you guys wouldn't say hi to him.
You know, maybe Halsey's hurt.
I don't even think Halsey's going to be going now.
He's got the bum hand.
I can't believe I shook that freaking guy's hand.
Yeah.
Dino. Dino Halsey. Also, be going now. He's got the bum hand. I can't believe I shook that freaking guy's hand. Yeah, Dino.
Dino Halsey. Also, where's my bathrobe? I don't think that...
Maybe a guy would be pissed off
on the Devils, right? If somebody went down there
and they didn't say a word to him, but I don't think that
it really matters in the
grand scheme of things. It matters to where
people are writing about it, like it's a story
Marshall, only in the NHL would a
suspended player be at All-Star weekend.
Shut up.
Yeah, get the fuck out of here with that.
First of all, he can go down there and win like 100K.
Halsey's won it every year.
That 200K or whatever it is, they win for winning the three-on-three tournament.
Who gives a shit?
I'll tell you who else is pretty pissed off at Marshall.
Marshall is the local gaming community.
Oh, you guys.
I had the Huck line Monday night. Again, you guys. I had the puck line Monday night.
Again, you're laying the one and a half.
I didn't have it because, like I said
to someone, plus
125, it's not worth the price
because it's hard enough to win by two goals
in the NHL. So if I'm going to get a winner at two goals,
I want way more than a buck and a quarter
for my risk. I pretty much won't go
unless it's a plus 150 or more. I'm basically
a buck 80 high. I had him.
Yeah, you take it because that's what we've
we've like
weaseled and finagled our way to making
you believe it's you have to take minus one and a half
for every single game you bet. Yeah, I don't bet the money line.
You don't even bet money line anymore.
Puck line. I live or die with a puck line.
It looked like, well, first of all, when it happened
I was like, it was actually one of the only instances or not often can you not tell at all
by the live by the live goal like watching it live i had no clue i was like was that in or not in i
couldn't tell i had to wait for the yeah the slow replay like the when the king scored with 0.2
seconds after on the air you could tell it was a goal this one i was like i don't know that went
in and right when it popped up 0.1 with the puck, you know,
you had the picture of it, I think, right?
Yeah, yeah.
And I was like, oh, that is a horrible beat because it looked like he could have shot
it looked like Marchand could have shot it for like eight minutes.
And Bergey had it first.
Bergey.
He could have shot it too.
Bergey.
They double pumped.
Well, yeah, because Bergeron had it, sent it to Marchand.
Marchand went backwards to him like as if to say, no, you take it. And then he, sent it to Marchand. Marchand went backwards to him, like as if to say, no, you take it.
And then he gave it back to Marchand.
Someone on the side was offside.
No, the linesman clearly ruled it onside.
It wasn't offside.
And Marchand stick-handled it.
He took his time with the puck there.
And it killed you, dude.
And it killed him because that's another goal bonus, too.
He dilly-dallied just enough.
So I took the pitch.
I sent it to Scott Van Pelt.
He had it on SportsCenter.
Oh, for the bad beat segment?
Yeah, for bad beats.
Yeah, he used it because if you had the over, you got fucked on the over,
and you got fucked on the puck line.
I also, the, what is it, Tuesday night, I won Pittsburgh.
I was like, Pittsburgh?
I think Pittsburgh's kind of rolling now, by the way.
I think they're kind of getting it going.
They're the cup champs.
It took them a while.
Not a huge surprise, but still, they're getting going.
So I'm like, Carolina in Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh seems to be going.
Money line to minus one and a half.
They both hit 3-1.
I'm perfect.
I'm like, this is great.
What a nice night.
I had some red wine, crushed a bottle of wine.
Nice.
What kind?
Had two wins.
I'm Pinot Noir guy.
Ah, nice.
Pinot Noir.
Fucking Merlot. And so I'm Pino Nuaga. Pino Nuaga.
And so I'm all in a great mood, right? And I'm
getting into bed
and I just go on the site, whatever,
see what else is going on. Winnipeg and San
Jose haven't, the puck hasn't dropped yet.
It's in Winnipeg. It's in
Winnipeg and I'm just like, I'm going to watch
the first period, fall asleep.
Look, it's plus 260 money on it. Plus 265. I'm like, Winnipeg could and I'm just like, I'm going to watch the first period, fall asleep. I look, it's plus 260 money on it, plus 265.
I'm like, Winnipeg could roll in this game.
I'm like, I just crushed the guy with Pittsburgh.
I'm like, I'm going to chuck on a decent amount, like some cash, some money on Winnipeg money line.
3-0 in the first period.
They scored the first shift.
I'm laying in bed.
I'm like, this is unbelievable. So, sure as shit, baby starts crying at 3 in the first period. They scored the first shift. I'm laying in bed. I'm like, oh, this is unbelievable.
So sure as shit, baby starts crying at 3 in the morning.
I wake up, and she's like, can you change his diaper?
I'm like, oh, my God, the game.
What's the final score?
I go 5-4 Winnipeg.
All the time.
I'm like, God damn it.
She thinks I'm saying, God damn it, I have to change the diaper.
I go, no, I lost that goddamn Jets game.
I was so pissed off. And I'm like, that's why money line, I have to change the diaper. I go, no, I lost that God damn Jets game. I was so pissed off.
And I'm like, that's why money line, I'm sorry, puck line is so hard.
Because even up 3-0, dude, it's not even close to over.
Not even.
The two-goal win is so, like, you get an early lead, you almost never cover it.
You're almost like you don't want it almost.
You more want to up by one and get the empty netter.
I mean, it's funny because you just just like I always say with a team you bet
if they're down one nothing early. I'm like, well, the
best time to be down if you're laying
a goal and a half and you're down one nothing
you want it in the first period.
You got plenty of time to come back with those.
Speaking of, I wanted to go into one
quick thing that I wrote down because I think we have
some other things we're going to get into. These are just
quick. First thing, it
went viral. This is how stupid I am, I'll tell you.
First, I'll mention what it is. The Matthews goal
celebration when he got the no goal
on the terrible call. It was no goal
earlier in the game. And then he buries
that goal and gives his own ref
like it's good arm out. It went viral.
I'm so clueless in
the Twitter viral
world. I was watching it live
and I was like, that's so cool.
I'm like, dude, that's a clip.
I got to talk about that on Spitting Chicklets,
and I wrote it down on my phone.
I was like, nobody else will have seen it.
It's just a Toronto game first period.
Within an hour and a half,
it was on every single Twitter person I follow.
I'm like, I guess I won't be breaking any news
on Spitting Chicklets about that celebration.
Ask them, who's the old fuck here? Yeah, no shit. I was like, I couldn't be breaking any news on Spitting Jigglets about that celebration. Asking, who's the old fuck here?
Yeah, no shit.
I was like, I couldn't believe how big that got.
And my second thing is I was blown away by this stat.
So the Avs won 10 in a row.
They finally lost the other night in Montreal.
They'd won 10 in a row.
Crazy streak.
They were the first team to have a double-digit win streak after finishing with the worst record the year before since the Canadians in 1927.
Wow.
So to be the worst team in the league and then win 10 in a row
hadn't happened in, what is that, 37, 47, 57, 68?
I suck with the new century.
80 years?
Yeah, 91 years.
Figure it out, producer.
How many years is that?
31 years.
27 to 18.
91.
91, right?
Yeah, that's wild.
That took a long time.
Speaking of the gambling themes, a lot of our astute listeners pointed out John Tortorello's comments.
Oh!
As far as Columbus playing in Vegas.
Coach of the year.
Give him the Jack Adams.
Basically, go out and tie one on, and you don't feel guilty about it or something along those lines.
Basically, you know you're going to tie one on anyways.
And everybody said vegas puck
line i mean columbus is in vegas for three days i okay so i i saw the comments and i was like i
looked i looked i was like oh they're playing tonight they didn't play that night they weren't
playing the next set i'm like wait a minute are they already there i'm like oh my god but i got
in my own head because i'm such a freaking muttt that I was like, oh, this is like, what's
the, Tortorella's playing the other side of it.
They're going to go out and steamroll Vegas because it's the first coach to come out and,
you know, what's the word?
What'd you say he did?
He like switched it on us.
Oh, like what?
Jedi mind trick?
That's not what I just said.
No, not a Star Trek thing.
That's not what it was.
Either way, he flipped it on us.
So I was afraid to bet Vegas.
Whereas if I saw any other team in there three days in advance, I'm like, oh, reverse psychology.
That's kind of what a Jedi mind trick is.
Basically, in real life.
So I couldn't bet on them because I'm like, oh, Tortorella is going to have them.
They're almost going to be better off because they think they can do whatever they want and not get in trouble. They might win.
Sure as shit, Vegas just continues
this Vegas flu insane
season where they pound
everyone at home. Just like we said
15 years ago, we've talked about this all the time.
It's actually, you'd be so rich
and they're always covering the puck line.
That's what's insane about it, man.
I heard, I was listening to Hotland
Radio on Sirius,
the guys out, Pat McAfee and crew, and they had a caller.
Pittsburgh boy.
They had a caller calling, who was betting the other night,
and he's like, oh, I'm getting Columbus plus the one and a half.
I'm like, okay, so you just laid what?
That's, I've never done that.
The worst bet ever is taking the plus one and a half.
So you just bet a team to lose by one goal,
and you laid fucking 200 to make 100 on it.
Yeah, I don't understand that.
I mean, if you like a team to lose by a goal,
I don't know if it's protection against a shootout.
Then if you like them in a shootout,
don't you like them to win the fucking game?
You know what I'm saying?
Just take them on the money line.
Exactly.
If they're going to lose by one,
they have a decent chance to win most of the time.
So I don't know.
Absolutely.
Oh, one other note, too.
The Columbus reporter for The Athletic reported that Brandon Dubinsky left
the Columbus Blue Jackets coinciding with the Vegas trip.
Said personal issues.
I mean, I know we could probably do the math here, but I know they don't
call it Sin City for nothing.
Yeah, I mean, that's a tough one.
I mean, the guy said that could threaten his career.
I mean, that's like, you don't want to guess what it is,
but it's pretty ironic it happened in Vegas that it boiled over.
Yeah, in Vegas.
There's some bad shit there.
Temptations off it, and if you have personal issues
that Vegas can bring out the worst in you,
it reminded me of that scene in Animal House
over you guys' heads right away.
We will say that his agent, I'm sorry,
said he was getting sent home for a medical diagnosis.
I guess that could be for how fucked up you are on something.
Who knows?
But he's had his assistant A stripped of his jersey this year.
And then he fought Cassian on Edmonton, broke his face, and now he's got this.
So, I mean, hopefully he's all right.
You don't want to see anyone go down this bad path.
But it's interesting to see Columbus had no problem of coming out
and at least having a source come out and get to a reporter and say,
we sent him home, something's off.
Right.
It reminds me of like an animal house when the newspaper comes out in the bottom corner.
It was when the dean's wife got shit-faced and, like, showed up home shit-faced in the corner,
like, bottom of the paper.
It's like, Mrs. Worm, it's a vacation in Palm Springs.
Yeah, exactly.
In other words, like, yeah, go take a break.
I actually have seen that movie.
That's a good one.
I'm glad for you.
That's a good one.
All right, well, we got a special guest calling in now,
Mark Savard, so we're going to get to that.
Here we go.
This week's interview was brought to you by ZipRecruiter.
In need of great talent for your business but short on time?
You don't have to get lost in a huge stack of resumes to find your perfect hire.
You just need the right tools, smarter tools.
ZipRecruiter posts your job to over 100 of the web's leading job boards with just one click.
Then ZipRecruiter actively looks for the most qualified candidates
and invites them to apply.
They even review every application to identify the top candidates
so you never miss a great match.
That's why ZipRecruiter is different.
Unlike other hiring sites, ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on the right candidates
finding you, it finds them.
No wonder 80 of employers who post on ZipRecruiter
get a quality candidate through the site in just one day.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Find out today why ZipRecruiter has been used by businesses of all sizes and industries to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results.
And right now, our listeners can post jobs on ZipRecruiter for free.
That's right, free.
Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
One more time to try it for free.
Go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
And now it's our distinct pleasure to bring you, excuse me,
Mark Savard, formerly of the Bruins, Rangers, Atlanta Thrashers, and Calgary Flames.
He officially retired this week after a great NHL career.
It was cut short by injuries, but he officially put a bow on it the other day.
So, Mark, welcome to the show.
And how are you feeling these days, my friend?
First off, thanks for having me, guys.
I'm feeling great.
You know, I guess my well-being is as good as it's ever been,
and for that reason I thought it was time to make this announcement of my retirement.
That's great.
So are you coaching now?
I'm coaching.
I've been doing my boys' AAA stuff for a while and some other all-star stuff around here,
but I'm actually looking to move up to the next ranks here as soon as possible.
Do you have anything in the works right now,
or are you just kind of playing the field, or what?
Playing the field a bit right now.
I got my name out there, and I've just got to get a little more experience.
I think everybody's looking for that.
So I'm trying to get into some sort of an OHL job right now
and then move forward from there.
Do you have eventual returning to the NHL aspirations?
Not at the moment.
I've seen how coaches deal with the NHL guys.
I'm a little hesitant right now to get up to that level right away,
but I'd like to do some OHL, help the younger kids out for a while,
and then see where that leads.
But probably at the end of the day, you know,
you always want to be at the top level.
So we'll see what happens.
All right.
So I'm glad you just mentioned the OHL because looking back at your career
and kind of just checking through all your old stats,
the first thing that hopped out to me was 94-95 with the Oshawa Generals.
139 points in 66 games.
How are you?
Thanks for coming.
Tell me how you go in the fourth round after a year like that.
And was that disappointing, shocking, or did you expect that?
It was very disappointing for myself.
You know, I felt I had a great season.
There were questions on my skating ability.
So it was tough.
I went to the draft that year in Edmonton and um i was rated in the i believe in
the third round to be honest and you know the night before the draft they had their tsn show
and bob mckenzie had said there might be a surprise pick here maybe early late first or second round
and that was myself so as i sat at the draft it was a it was a tough day on myself and my family
and um you know we ended up going in the fourth round.
But I guess you can say that's history now.
Yeah, that was a mistake.
I guess we can go on and say that.
The three rounds before that all fucked up.
Yeah, I mean, it was tough.
It was a tough night.
That's for sure.
You know, we were running around, you know, the night before tough to sleep.
Then you get to the draft and all these kids are getting picked ahead of you,
kids that you played against, you know.
You're like, he sucks.
You're like, I'm so much better than him.
What is going on right now?
Yeah.
No, it was tough.
That was for sure.
Now, early in your career, obviously you were drafted by the Rangers, Mark.
Now, you were there.
You were buried behind some guy named Gretzky.
I'm reading his name on the sheet here, Mark. Now, you were there. You were buried behind some guy named Gretzky.
I'm reading his name on the sheet here.
He was the number one center there.
You had Pete and Nedved there.
It seems like you obviously weren't suited for a third-line center role as a checking guy because you were such a wonderful playmaker.
Did you just not really get a great chance with the Rangers,
or did they just couldn't find a hole to plug you into?
What was the situation there where you ended up in Calgary?
Well, yeah, I came off a good second season.
Gretzky had retired after that.
And I remember getting calls in the summer from Craig McTavish,
who was the assistant coach, you know, telling me,
Savvy, work hard this summer.
You know, there's a second line position open.
You know, you can battle with Nedved even for first line.
And then literally after his phone call a week later, I was traded to Calgary.
Good old G.A., right?
Thanks, G.A.
I appreciate that.
Thanks, honest game.
Exactly.
But McTavish was the assistant coach, so he was actually pissed off.
He resigned at that time from the Rangers.
I don't know if anybody knows that.
But anyways, it worked out well for my career. It was the best thing that probably happened to me at that time from the Rangers. I don't know if anybody knows that. But anyways, it worked out well for my career.
It was the best thing that probably happened to me at that time.
And I look back at it, and it all worked out great.
Now, in Calgary, you had a couple of nice years there.
The team itself wasn't really having a high point at all.
And then you were acquired by the Atlanta Thrashes.
Now, I believe Don Waddle was the GM at the time.
And he should get a medal for pulling you from Calgary to Atlanta for a guy,
Ruslan Zainoulin, who doesn't even have a page on hockey reference.
He was my driver when I played in the KHL.
He sharpened the skates, too.
Multi-talented.
He should get an award or at least be charged with thievery for pulling you out of there.
Now, you obviously, I would say Atlanta is where you probably fully blossomed as a player.
You became a point-per-game guy there.
You really put yourself on the map with a lot of NHL fans.
What was the situation like in Atlanta?
Did you know when you were playing there that there's no way the NHL can last long here,
or did you think it might have had some hope when you were there?
I felt for sure it was a great place to play.
I thought it had hope.
We had a great building, great practice facilities, beautiful place to live out in the suburbs.
Yeah, when I walked in there, Bob Hartley took over as a coach and he basically called
me in on the first day and said, Savvy, I coached against you when I was with Colorado
and you were in Calgary.
I know how good of a player you can be.
The ball's going to be in your court.
I'm going to give you all the opportunity you can ever want
and a nice time.
Just listen to me and we'll go from here.
He was true to his word.
I would end up playing about 23 minutes a night sometimes.
There were times where I'd tell him I can't go on the ice.
I'm too tired.
That's a dream, though.
That's the best thing, coaches doing that. That's a dream, though. That's the best thing, coaches doing that.
That's a dream, exactly.
You don't get too many players that are turning ice time away,
and it was unbelievable.
He really gave me an opportunity,
and I owe a lot to what happened in my career to him.
Savvy, Kovalchuk just got named to the Russian Olympic team.
What was it like playing with him in Atlanta?
Well, he was a special player for
sure and you know probably the best guy ever fed the puck to you and the nice thing about him he
didn't have to do all the work in the zone and set up a guy for a goal you can just give it to him at
the blue line and watch him go and get a helper that way it was it was pretty nice to do it that
way but you know what and you know what he he's actually a good guy off the ice and a guy that I enjoyed my time with for sure and a great hockey player.
Unfortunately, he left the NHL so early because he's one of the best ever to play the game.
Do you remember the game you fed him for his hat-trick goal when he pointed at Crosby in Pittsburgh when we were in Atlanta?
Oh, yeah.
in Pittsburgh when we were in Atlanta?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he went over.
Kovalchuk sniped on a Savard sauce pass and then pointed at Crosby.
He was in the box,
and Talbot went over to fight him.
Michelle Terrian was like,
we got Max Talbot trying to fucking fight this guy.
What the fuck's going on right now?
We're being embarrassed by Savard and Kovalchuk.
Oh, yeah.
They had their moments in their early ages,
Kovalchuk and Crosby. They got at it pretty their early ages, their Kovacic and
Crosby. They got at it pretty good. It was pretty
funny, and I remember that like it was yesterday
myself. It was hilarious.
Now, after Atlanta, obviously
you came here to Boston, where
I'd say really made you mock.
July 1st, 2006, it was
basically a huge day in the history
of the team in this city. You and
Zidane O'Chara both signed the same day for numbers that,
quite frankly, shocked Bruins fans everywhere
because we weren't used to seeing those kind of numbers.
How quick did you sign that contract?
Were there any other shooters that day?
Did you have your heart set on Boston from the get-go,
or was it just, you know, I'm going to go where the best opportunity for me is?
I always loved Boston every time I went in and played there as a visitor.
I loved the building, how bright it was.
It was just a place that I really enjoyed the city before I even ended up
signing there.
So it was high on my list for sure.
We had about three offers that were exactly the same.
Calgary again.
Jerome McGinley was calling me himself
too to try and get me to come back there and i had a couple other nashville at the time and i
forget the other team there was another team in the loop maybe maybe even the rangers but um i
love boston and then and after they had maybe my contract offer it was early in the day on on july
1st i remember and then my agent had called me back later in the day and said,
listen, the Dano chair I just signed in Boston.
And I said, oh, okay, so that's not an option anymore.
There's no goddamn money left.
And he laughed and said, no, but they're giving you an hour to answer this offer.
And I said, okay.
So it didn't take me much longer after that, after Zeno had signed there.
I knew that they were heading in the right direction, and we signed up right away.
And it's the best city. It's my favorite city in the world now. I love it there.
And I can't wait to come back and visit.
So what year was it? 2009 when you scored the series clinching goal or the OT winning goal in the playoffs at home.
Who was that against, and what was that scenario?
What year was that?
Are you talking 2010 against Philly?
2010 Philly, yes, yes, yes.
So that was after the concussion with Cook, correct?
So, yeah.
So I missed three months of hockey, missed the first round of the playoffs,
and that was my first game back in game one.
So now when you're looking back on that,
and that's after that brutal hit that we've shit on enough here for,
I think, to fill up a couple episodes.
But was that point, as you look back, you have perfect memories of that?
Or is it similar to when Correa says he doesn't remember certain things
after he came back from his hit? or was everything then feeling good at that time
like when I when I returned to play hockey when you returned for that Philly series
yeah well when I returned that Philly series I thought I was in good shape and um you know like
I said I'd been off for three months uh I think months. I think we played in overtime that night,
and I ended up with like 14 minutes of ice,
which I usually average around 20 when I play 19-20.
So code controlled my ice time really well,
and I felt good that night.
But I guess it was game three in Philly.
We won the game, and David Krejci broke his arm or wrist or something.
And I went from that night, I went from averaging 14 minutes.
I think I played 28 minutes in game three because he broke his wrist.
And then I was done.
Call a cab.
I was done.
I had no energy left the rest of the series.
It was a really tough thing to play through.
I was just exhausted mentally, physically.
I just had nothing to pull from. And It really wearied on me in that series.
Obviously, we know what happened in that series. It was tough.
When the season started, the 2010-2011 season, how were you feeling going into that year?
Did you ever get back to 100 health after the Cook hit and before the Hunwick hit?
Or did you never really get back to feeling yourself 100?
I don't think I ever got back to feeling myself.
I'm a hockey player and a guy that wanted to get back in the lineup.
We all do, and we all want to play hockey.
That's what we love to do.
We're growing up loving life and playing in the NHL.
You can't beat it.
I just kind of wanted to challenge myself and i tried that and and i came
back and just things weren't the same for me on the ice where i would you know i always thought
i was a step ahead with my thought process and it just didn't feel like that out there things
weren't coming as easy um i actually missed the start of the next season due to you know post-concussion issues that i had um and then
i came back and i played uh i think it was like 24 games and then i that night before we we left
for colorado i got hit that day at home but against pittsburgh uh um pretty hard into the boards the
guy just got my head that was it i bounced up you know the trainer came up nice and
got me and i came to the bench and i kind of told myself i think this is just a challenge a test
you know to see if see if i can get through this and then i went to on colorado that following
evening on a road trip and this was a subtle banging of the boards and i remember just my
eyes were open and i all i could see was black. And I remember telling the trainer when he came on the ice,
Donnie, I don't know why this is happening to me,
and I can't see anything.
And they got me off the ice, and that was it.
Did you know immediately after the Hunwick hit
that you probably wouldn't play again, Mark?
I was, yeah, pretty skeptical.
I went and saw about 10 different doctors after that hit,
and I think nine of them told me that that's it.
You don't need to do this anymore.
You've got to worry about your life and your family.
Anything else could be more severely damaging.
So that was it for me, and like I said, I had a real tough time after all that,
but I'm in a good place now.
So now looking back now, like you you say you're in a good place
that's so good to hear because of what we've heard people have gone through after concussions and
are you able to look back now and and be like holy shit you know like you're proud of your
career you you enjoy maybe watching old clips or old highlights showing your kids things like that
or is it still hard to to watch the game I know you watch the NHL you tweet about the Bruins a
good amount but uh is it easier now to be a fan and kind of appreciate what you did?
Yeah, it is.
You know, I think a couple of years after I was like right away when I was initially not going to play.
And it was tough to watch hockey.
It really upset me and pissed me off a bit.
But after that, you know, getting into the third four season i started
watching games again and now i feel like i don't miss the game i watch hockey all night
my wife's pissed off the whole night sitting beside me but um we you know i'm a hockey watcher
through and through i still love the game i'm trying to get back like i said that's why i'm
going down this coaching road um i enjoy coaching the kids i think i got a good feel for it and um
yeah i really love the game.
I owe everything I have to the game of hockey.
So it's tough for me to turn a blind eye to it.
I just loved it.
And it's something that, you know, like I said,
I'm willing to give back to everything that I got from it.
I enjoy following you on Twitter, as a lot of Bruins fans do,
because, you know, you can send your enthusiasm for the team
just through your Twitter feed.
What's your projection for the squad this year?
How far do you think they're going to go?
I think they're going to go deep.
I really do.
This run's going to cool off here at some point,
and then we're going to have to see how they react to that.
And maybe with Marshy doing his thing again here,
they might run into a little bit of a tough time.
But I think if they...
I see a couple weaknesses with the team,
and it's tough to say that after 16 points straight,
but I think they've got to find a winger
for David Krejci going forward on that second unit,
second line.
I think he needs a scoring winger.
And I really don't see any other weaknesses.
So I think they have a good opportunity to go far.
Hopefully it equals another Stanley Cup.
It's going to be tough because you've got to get a lot of balances along the way.
We all know that.
But they're a great hockey club.
And it's too bad for the way Vegas is playing because Bruce Cassidy deserves Coach of the Year as well.
Mark, you mentioned Marshy's suspension there.
What did you think of that?
I mean, I'm sure Marshy would love to have that back.
That's just a play that, it's just reaction, I think,
and stupidity if you ask him.
I think he'd be quite honest.
I haven't heard him talk, but he would say it was just stupid.
So, you know, it was worth the suspension,
and it probably would have only been a two-gamer, maybe three,
but he has a track record that's pretty ugly.
So I think that's why he ended up with five.
All right.
Well, Mark, before we let you go, we really appreciate this.
I did want to ask, I've heard you're quite the stick.
How's the golf game right now?
What's that handicap at?
Yeah, I'm a zero handicap.
Oh, not a big deal.
But I know I love the game.
I put the time in.
My wife lets me play a ton.
I do all the, in Canada here, like the States,
we have the amateurs and the mid-amateurs,
and I play in all those, and I'm really into it.
It's a great feeling.
There's no other feeling.
I don't know if you guys have played in any tournaments as a golfer,
but that inner body experience that you have coming down the crunches,
it's pretty,
it's pretty different than,
than anything you ever experienced.
So I really love it.
And something that I'll continue to do.
And maybe when my kids get older,
I'll look at some senior tour stuff and it'll be a lot of fun.
Oh yeah.
So have you played with a,
I'm a big golfer.
I love it.
I live for it.
Have you played with that ref,
that Garrett rank who plays in like the USM?
He's nasty.
Yes, I have. Yes, I have. So yeah, he plays up here. who plays in like the USM he's nasty yes I have yes I have
so yeah he plays up here he plays in all those things he's one of the top ranked around here so
he's a good player for sure Mark so so my dad won one of your sticks at an auction one time and
the top of your stick where um where the wood extension is I've never seen someone shave
shave down so much of the top of their stick.
Where did you come up with that?
And how long did you do that for?
And why did you do that?
Used to hold on a small knob.
That's why I shaved mine down.
I know my stick so well that your dad doesn't have my stick
because I never shaved my knob like that.
Ah, suck on that, Mr. Ganelli.
Oh, that's beautiful. That was the best
possible response. He probably paid
a thousand for it, too. He won it at a Bruins auction.
Bruins are fucking lying. I know, you know how thick it
is, though? He's going to be even happier.
That's Marchand's stick.
Oh, Lershi. If it has a little shave
and tiny knob,
that's Marchand's stick because
it's so skinny, it's weird. I don't even know why
he does it.
That's classic, too.
Listen, we wish we could talk to you all day,
but I know you probably got to go hit some balls in an
indoor simulator or something, so thank you
so much. Hey, we're really glad
to hear how good you're feeling and hopefully get
into the OHL coaching works and you enjoy that
as well, so thank you.
Hey, boys, thanks for having me anytime.
Thanks for coming on.
Much appreciated.
I like to echo what Ryan said.
So happy to hear you're in great health.
You sound in great spirits.
That's going to be great news to everyone in Bruins land.
And I did forget to mention you're also a Stanley cup champion as well.
Okay.
Thanks again,
boys.
That was fun.
Anytime.
Okay,
pal.
All right.
We're just going to take a quick break from our show to remind you that audio content from Barstool is now available 24 hours a day around the clock on Sirius XM Power 85.
That's right.
Barstool has their own channel.
Suck on that, haters.
Wake up with Barstool Breakfast featuring Julie Stewart Banks, Francis, and Willie Colon, both champ.
Then spend the rest of your morning with the boys over in Indy with the Pat McAfee Show and Heartland Radio. Funny, funny
bastards out west, or in the middle of the country,
I should say. At 1 p.m. Eastern, check
in with the chicks in the office for an hour of
pop culture talk, and then end the day with
the classic, the one that built it all,
Barstool Radio with Dave Portnoy, KFC,
and Liz Gonzalez, followed by the Evening
Yak, one of my favorites, hosted by Big Cat,
Roan, and Jared Karabas.
Try it for free for 30 days at www.seriousxm.com
slash SXM dash try free.
Thank you very much to Mark Savard.
He sounds great, and it's really good to hear.
Yeah, I don't know if apprehensive is the right word,
but coming into this, I definitely prep more than I usually do.
Because it was a Bruin.
Because it was a Bruin.
Well, not just that.
I think the circumstances surrounding the ending of his career, I didn't want that to dominate the conversation.
It certainly didn't because he had a lot more other good stuff to share with us.
But he sounds great, man.
I'm honestly in a better mood after talking to him because all we know is hair about guys that they're not doing well.
So to have money.
You're stuck in dark rooms and headaches,
and you're like, holy shit.
Which he was going through, I sense.
Yeah, he had a real bad.
I mean, he wrote about it on the Players' Tribune a while back.
But, I mean, you could hear him laughing like a little kid out there
a few times on the interview.
Like he's out on the pond.
Yeah, out on the pond again.
I'm pretty rattled about the stick.
I got this hanging on my wall in the basement.
He's got his one last question, and it's not even Savard's stick.
Yeah, it's signed by Savard, too.
That's the problem.
Maybe Marshawn was using Savard's sticks early in the career.
Uh-oh.
A little controversy.
Let me try out that twig.
So time for our weekly segment, All Right, Hamilton,
in which we take questions from you, the listeners, out in the listening land.
Oh, actually, I forgot to say this.
Somebody said to me the other day, what is All Right Hamilton?
And I was like, that's when we do our question and answers.
And they're like, yeah, but what is it?
And I was like, Ari made shirts for Dougie Hamilton,
and they didn't really sell, and then he got traded,
so we just made All Right Hamilton.
And the kid was like, oh.
There's no explanation of why this is called that.
Yeah, it's one of those things that just is. Well, basically...
We were going to give the shirts away
at the beginning. It could be called wit socks.
There's just no...
Obviously, yeah. All right, Hamilton.
Dave Portnoy, he didn't want the...
He didn't like my t-shirt idea because
the movie was too old, even though he came out with
Josh's t-shirt a week later.
Yeah, but Josh is then. I know.
I'm just joking at the fucking age thing.
So anyways, he didn't want the shirt.
So I'm like, oh, whatever.
I'll do a little side hustle there.
Dave didn't care.
He's like, yeah, you want to make them up?
Go ahead.
So I had a bunch of fucking All Right Hamilton shirts made.
Did they sell?
I sold a couple, but then he got traded.
So fucking now I got.
That's why we're All Right Hamilton.
So then when we started the podcast,
when we started the podcast,
you know,
excuse me,
Dave does Ball Don't Lie,
free Ball Don't Lie shirt to whoever like
does A, B, C, or D.
So I said,
All Right Hamilton shirts
can be our
Ball Don't Lie shirts.
In other words,
Dave made up a bunch of them.
He couldn't sell them.
So they became his gag gift.
I forgot the Balls Don't Lie.
So I said,
All Right Hamilton
will be our
Ball Don't Lie shirt. It'll be like a gag gift. So we'll say, yeah't lie. So I said, all right, Hamilton will be our ball. Don't lie shirt.
It'll be like a gag gift.
So we'll say,
yeah,
free.
All right,
Hamilton shirt.
But then when we started the listener segment,
we,
the first couple episodes,
we actually gave a shirt or two away.
And I was like,
fuck this.
I'm already taking enough of a bath on these.
I can't give them all away.
No kidding.
But so that's where it came from.
All right.
All right.
I'm going to sell them on the street now.
Seriously.
I got the guys lined up outside.
That's what you pay people to shovel your walkway with.
Yeah, exactly.
When you walk down my street, everybody on my street has an All Right Hamilton fucking shirt on.
Everyone in the Pine Street Inn.
What do we got, Grinnelly?
All right, so.
The Pine Street Inn, number one gift this year.
Homeless shelter.
All right, Hamilton.
What do you got?
So we got Custodian Noah.
Bring it in.
I think Custodian Noah has asked a few questions before. Custod So we got Custodian Noah. I think Custodian Noah has asked a few questions before.
Custodian Noah?
Custodian Noah.
He asks, who is your dream rocket you'd like to have a hall pass with?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, hall pass.
Great underrated comedy, too, by the way.
Hall pass is a funny movie.
Hilarious, yeah.
Funny movie.
Funny stuff.
Shit, man.
You know, all-timer?
I know I'm going to be selfish.
Is that something you married guys think about all the time?
I mean, I'm not going to talk about that.
You're like the kid who wrote me.
You're like the kid who writes me, hey, Whit, all right, Hamilton,
which one of your ex-teammates or NHLers had the hottest wife?
I'm like, dude, wow, you should be a podcaster.
What a genius idea. I'll talk about my
friend's wives. That'll be great listening.
Which teammates did you have a threesome with?
Grinnelly wants me to talk about if I'm thinking about
other women. Holy shit.
My number one hall pass?
Dude, I'm a huge,
huge...
Fuck my brain, man.
It's a huge fan.
You don't forget this face and body. It's the woman from Modern Family.
Oh, Sofia Vergara.
Oh!
How are ya?
She's Colombian, right?
Yeah, I don't care.
No, I'm not insinuating anything.
I have South American relatives.
Yeah, so that's one that pops into my head.
No, Grinnelli.
I mean, Jesus Christ.
I don't think about it all the time.
Modern day right now, the one woman, a stunner out there who you'll look at
and it hits you like the thunderbolt, like Apollonia and The Godfather 2, is Gal Gadot,
the one who played Wonder Woman.
You're the only...
Oh, okay, okay, okay.
She's like...
I thought you were saying like a woman from the 50s.
No, no, no.
I fucking lose my mind.
Oh, yeah, that girl on the recent Wonder Woman,
I saw her on a radio show.
Yeah, she's like
phenomenally stunning.
Saw her on a radio show,
I just said.
Oh, my God.
And I didn't catch it,
but one of my all-time faves,
and she's still up there,
and it would be a coin flip,
Jennifer Connelly,
a dark-haired actress,
blue-eyed.
She was in Requiem for a Dream.
I think Jeter gave her
a quick shot.
She was on the list.
Jennifer Connelly?
I think she was on
the starting nine list. Producer Grinelli I think she was on The starting nine list
Producer Grinelli
Google Derek Jeter's
Starting nine list
If we're going
And if
It's 2016
So we gotta be fair
To all genders here
If I was
If I was a
A chick
Or a
A guy who had an affinity
From other men
My hall pass
For the current male
So your hall pass
For a dick
For a dude
Yeah
Basically a hall pass If I was a dude Who's For a dude, yeah. That's what we're going with? Yeah, basically a hall pass.
If I was a dude,
who's like a stunning...
You know, dude,
you know what?
This is hilarious.
I watched a starring Adam West.
There's a documentary
about Adam West, dude.
Who's Adam West?
The guy who played
the TV Batman in the 60s.
Dude, when he was like...
Before he played Batman, dude,
stud, dude.
So he even wants to whack
a dude from the 60s, Grinnelly.
Exactly, dude.
Dude, honestly, young Adam West, he was a handsome
AF. Is Jennifer Conley on Jeter's starting
line? No. She is not.
I can go through it if you'd like.
Oh yeah, actually, read those quick.
So this is Jeter's dating diamond.
It's Mariah Carey in left field.
Jessica Alba in center field.
Just don't read the positions.
Jessica Beal, Tyra Banks, Minka Kelly
Hannah Davis, Vanessa Miliano
Scarlett Johansson, Adriana Lima
And Jordana Brewster
Send them a parting gift
Send them a parting gift in the limo
I saw Adriana Lima at the Super Bowl
She is the hottest thing I've ever seen in my life
I'm not a big supermodel guy
She's really tall
I hate tall skinny girls don't like tall girls.
I fucking hate tall skinny girls.
No offense if you're
a tall skinny girl.
Guy, I saw 12 Strong.
The dude Hemsworth
in 12 Strong.
That guy is a rocket.
So I'm not going to be
bringing up Adam West
and his unshaved pubes
from the 1960s.
I think that we're
sticking with current rockets.
I don't know which
Hemsworth it is.
Yeah, there's like nine of them. That's a good movie though. 12 Strong. Was it? Yeah. I think that we're sticking with current Rockets. I don't know which Hemsworth it is.
That's a good movie, though.
12 Strong.
Was it?
Yeah.
Chris Pine can get it, too.
When I was hammered at the Super Bowl, I drunkenly told Eric Rowe, one of the Patriots cornerbacks,
that I'd give Tom Brady a handjob, and he thought it was the craziest thing he's ever heard. Yeah, that's unusual.
You don't know the guy.
He's probably like, get away from me, creep.
He gave me like, you white boys is crazy.
Give me one of those.
All right, what else we got?
What do we got, number two?
All right, number two is any chance Henrik Zetterberg gets traded
or retires a Red Wing, Penn's, Bruins, Jackets, and Leafs
would all be great fits if he's traded.
All right, Hamilton.
Z.
Good question, man.
I don't see him getting traded.
I mean, I guess anything could happen.
I think he'll retire a Red Wing.
By the way, you watch that team,
and they're not very good.
They've had games where they'll win a game
you might think they'd lose,
but they're not very good.
And he still, every
single night,
brings it, plays with passion, plays
hard, plays defense, offense.
There hasn't been any nights
where you watch Zetterberg and you're like, oh, he's getting older.
He's giving up. The effort is always
there. And I don't think that the Red Wings want
him. I think they always want
him around, no matter how long he decides
to play. What does his contract run
through? I think he's got a good amount
of years left but a couple years he's only making a million
so he'll probably retire before then because he's so
rich he probably doesn't want to play for anything
under five or six.
He's a legend. I mean I know
a lot of guys are like oh I want to finish
What's his contract Grinnelly?
Carrillo at one team but I don't know. I think
sometimes does it really matter?
People really look back in 20 years like, oh,
well, he was a hell of a guy. He only played his whole career
at one team. Well, it's like, no, he tried
to fucking win at the end of his career.
He's got six
mil a year
till 2021.
Six mil a year.
So, are they standing up because he has a cramp right now from sitting down for the last hour.
Dude, podcasting this game ain't no joke.
No, I'm just, I'm a dick cramp and that's why I'm standing up.
Okay.
So, he's got, and what's he making all those years?
6.083 million.
He's not getting traded.
Not this year.
Till 2021.
And then that's when the contract ends?
Yeah, 2020, 2021.
So his deal, he never makes like a million or two million at the end
like some of those guys do? No, straight through.
Oh, wow. So, I mean, he can
play as long as he wants making that.
Maybe he'll decide to retire because
he's got enough money. What's the difference between
having 80 in the bank or 86?
There really isn't. So I think that it'll be up
to him, but I do think that he
isn't going to get traded.
I don't see that.
Definitely, like I said, definitely not this trade deadline, especially if he's got that kind of a
deal left. He's 37 years old.
As good as he is, and he
has been in his career, I don't know a lot of teams
want to add Henrik Zetterberg at 37
at 6 million a year. We went
on that golf trip when we were in England, and we pulled
into a golf course, Royal
Liverpool and Hoy Lake
Hoy Lake Liverpool
either way
unbelievable track
we pull in
you're in England dude
they don't even know
like any
they don't even know hockey
and there's
three people
in the parking lot
of this
historic golf course
that open championships
are played on
in Red Wings jerseys
because they somehow
knew Zetterberg
was getting off this bus
so he's as popular in England apparentlyings jerseys because they somehow knew Zetterberg was getting off this bus. So he's as popular
in England, apparently, as he is in Detroit.
They call them the Seekers.
Oh, the trolls?
The English trolls.
We don't think they're even worse.
Henrik's not going anywhere. This is deadline.
What else we got?
He says, not sure if I missed
Art Hampton, but has anyone
went from hot seat to safe as fast as Joe Sackick in the last couple months?
All right, Hamilton.
Quite the 180.
That's good.
Yeah, that 10-game winning streak.
I mean, all of a sudden, the team looks great.
They got some younger players.
McKinnon looks unreal.
And I think he's safe as hell.
At one point, it was like, when are they going to fire him?
It wasn't even just the hot seat.
They're like, all right, this doesn't work.
And now, I mean, you saw him in the
booth the other night. They beat Toronto
to continue that streak. Of course, the next night I took
him against Martial and they lost. But
Sakic was in the press box. He looked confident,
happy, and he's not going anywhere.
Yeah, it seemed like, I'm going to get it right, Matt
Duchesne was the issue, not Joe Sakic,
because he really did. He waited and waited
and I think his reputation
was going to be staked to that trade somewhat.
And he got a hell of a bounty farm.
This kid, Gerard, the defenseman, he's getting serious power play time.
He's good, man.
He can fly.
He's little, too.
Doesn't matter anymore.
As for the quag, to answer his question, yeah.
One thing that goes from hot seat to perfect, nice, comfortable setting
is Claude Julien back in 2011.
I know fucking Bruins, blah, whatever.
It was the Bruins 2011 playoffs, Game 7.
If they lose that game to the Canadians, he's fired.
And Neely's fired too, I bet, right?
Quite possibly if a few other people are fired.
Instead, they come back to, well, not come back,
they win that game, go on to win the Cup,
and he coaches for a couple more years.
So that's the one that comes to mind.
So, all right, that wraps up R.A. Hamilton this week.
Rich, I know you wanted to mention something.
Yeah, I want to give a shout-out to Jim Johanson, who passed away last week.
And, I mean, listen, this guy was the longtime assistant executive director
of hockey operations for USA Hockey.
He started there in 2000.
Pretty much right around then, I started playing on some national teams, world juniors, and he ran everything.
By the end of his life, he was picking Olympic teams.
He was picking the world junior team.
He was running the women's Olympic team.
He was doing everything.
At the beginning, it was really similar. I mean, he wasn't just a guy that was
picking talent and helping to decide who made the teams. He was the guy setting up the travel for
every player coming from their junior and college teams to the world juniors, setting up their
travel in the summer to go to Lake Placid for the evaluation camp. You'd get there. He'd be the
nicest guy. He's always had a smile on. He'd make a joke about something you did the year before,
tell you a story about your current college coach or junior coach.
You know, he was just someone that made it really special to be on national teams,
not just playing, you know, representing your country, which is amazing enough.
But then you get there and, you know, JJ's always around.
And, you know, in 2010 in Vancouver, Ron Wilson, you know, and Tortorella, they're the coaches, but JJ's always around and you know in 2010 in Vancouver uh Ron Wilson you know
and Tortorella they're the coaches but JJ'd always be around more fire and you're up he wasn't there
to ever really coach he was more to just pump your tires you know talk about how big of a win it would
be and and he he got to USA hockey and pretty much right then it all kind of started turning around
and and you saw the first uh time the USA World Junior Tournament, a couple years after he got there. Some successive, some great teams in the junior stage. He ran the national
teams, things like that. And he was someone that meant a lot to USA Hockey, not just because what
he did and how much input and importance he had in terms of picking teams, but more than anything,
off the ice and just a guy that you love to have around and see.
And he made it really special to join and play for your country.
And he will be really severely missed by USA Hockey and more than anything, his friends and family.
He had a young daughter.
So thoughts and prayers to his friends and his family.
All right.
And my condolences to you, Witz.
I know he was a pal of yours.
No, he was a great guy.
Great guy.
And that's the thing.
Everything I've read on him.
He actually called me.
Sorry.
He called me last summer.
And he's like, hey, there's some positions coming up as like an athlete director on the
board of directors for USA Hockey.
And, you know, more than anything, you give, you know, there's a meeting in Naples in the
winter and Colorado Springs in the summer where USA Hockey. And, you know, more than anything, you give, you know, there's a meeting in Naples in the winter and Colorado Springs in the summer
where USA Hockey offices are.
And you go out there and, you know,
you give your input in terms of rules,
everything.
You talk about everything, you know,
how youth hockey's run.
And I thought of your name, you know,
you're a guy who's always talking in the locker room
and somebody that I feel like could be good at this.
So I thought you might want to throw your name in
because it's like an election,
like a fake election, like you'll get it
so just the fact
that he thought
I mean I hadn't talked to him
in you know
three four years
and that just kind of
showed the type of guy he was
so he'll be missed
yeah
now did you take that position
with the board of directors
yeah I haven't been
to a meeting yet
I was going to say
I am an athlete director
of the board of directors
of USA Hockey
thanks for coming
you're not just an athlete.
You're an athletic supporter.
Yeah, exactly.
I do both.
I do both.
I love USA Hockey.
Speaking of supporting athletics, shifting gears, a week from Sunday,
us three gentlemen will be supporting our local football squad who is in
They did it again.
their eighth Super Bowl in the last 16, 17 years.
What can you say at this point?
It's weird to feel like going to the Super Bowls routine.
And I hate to sound arrogant because I know how fucking arrogant that sounds.
It's not arrogant.
Don't say anything.
I mean, I'm a guy who suffered with the Pats for years.
They were so bad and for so long.
And you would have never told me 30 years ago that you're going to get used to going to Super Bowls every year.
It's insane. The fact that
the AFC title game
is now like, alright,
this is the game.
We've just been waiting. Every game,
I'll watch most of every game,
but you miss some. But the AFC title game,
I'm like, alright, that's Sunday. I'll be ready
for that game. And then the Super Bowl, obviously.
So the fact that we're playing
these scumbag filthy piece
of shit people from Philadelphia
to make me feel so much better I
hate I hate that city and
their fans suck and all their fans say
it's it's 10 bad 90
good no it's not it's trash
up and down the streets
did you see the guy driving the
dune buggy up the rocky steps
that city is gonna burn down whether they win or lose, and it's going to be because they lose, too, which makes it even better.
And the fact that those people are out there, like, doing that, and how are they not getting arrested?
They greased up the goddamn poles, and people still climb the poles.
And they got the Barstool blogger.
Holy, the Philly crew, they are embarrassing themselves. Embarrassing themselves in the office.
I'm watching these videos.
I've never seen four people get put in a Dave Portnoy mental pretzel quicker than those four people.
Smitty is on, he goes on Boston Sports Tonight on Comcast the other night.
852, I'm clicking through the TV, I see Smitty.
I have two of your pictures, stupid picture of some terrible smile.
And he's talking to Tom Curran, Tom E. Curran.
Yeah, the local Pats writer.
He then writes a blog on why he should go to the Super Bowl and writes,
I'll be able to be on all over Boston sports TV as the Philly guy with Tim Curran.
Doesn't even give the guy the right name, these people.
And then Roan.
Roan's the smart one.
Oh, not anymore.
Roan's actually the guy who I was like, oh, man, this guy's going to put up.
He's going to be smart.
He's like, the kid's the nastiest rapper.
Those diss weeks he looks awesome.
Every week he drops a diss week shitting on people all over the public.
He looks completely fucking...
Who's going to write his diss week?
What is he doing?
Talking about the kids?
Who gives a shit?
You think anybody cares about the Philadelphia public school
if you're not from Philadelphia?
And then now, like, all these Philly guys,
it's just, it's been a bloodbath prior to the game.
The game's going to be the same way.
I actually think it'll be a great game.
I do think it'll be a great game.
And, like, when he had...
Big Cat had him on, and, like, he wasn't getting it.
It's like, I wanted to call it, and I'm like, this is what he did.
He didn't get it.
He was like, what do you mean?
What do I do next?
You retweeted Dave Portnoy, okay?
And you told him to give away his merchandise profits,
which is, like, what the umpire's built on,
because the fucking NFL did it, all fucking entities to like follow like
his mortal enemy I've heard NFL
did it's like no and then it's
like no you don't Dave don't give a fuck about charity
he'll do charity on charity terms not
like taking profits because the NFL
did it with the same similar t-shirt
he's man have you been watching this
movie for the last 10 years you think the owner of a company
is gonna like give two
shits that his employees like you, you should give to charity?
I'd be like, you should be lucky you have a job.
You think that I'm going to give charity because you think I should?
But, yeah, when he went on and then Big Cat's like, no, you don't get it.
He's like, well, what do you mean?
I'm looking out for the kids.
I'm like, is this dude literally challenged in the head?
Like, what is going on right now?
So, I mean, the mind game at the barstool offices is a disaster.
I'd love to be around for that.
To the game, though,
I think it's going to be a great game.
Philly's nasty, and if you have a pass
rush,
I'm not much of a football guy.
If you have a pass rush, you could beat the Patriots.
If Brady doesn't have time, that's
the one way. I think Philly,
I think it'll be a game.
I think the Patriots could lose.
I think they're going to win, but I don't think it's a lock by any means.
I'm usually not the arrogant, cocky Pats fan because I can't stand them.
And they're usually the young'uns.
But honestly, Philly don't scam me, man.
I'm with R.A.
I think they already played their two toughest games with Jacksonville and Tennessee.
I bet Nick Foles can't play his games. Well, that's what I'm saying, dude.
He played the game of his life.
Nick Foles is playing with house money right now.
This is a guy who's backing up Carson Wentz.
I mean, he's on a heater right now, but he's about to crap out.
That's basically what's going to happen.
I just  I think the line went down to five, too, man.
People are taking the Eagles.
I know the Eagles.
Taking the Eagles.
I know their D's good.
I get all that.
I just don't think  I think the Pats are going to roll. We haven't had a
blowout Super Bowl. I should say not
particularly close Super Bowl for a while.
I think we're due for one of those.
I got the Pats. Let me think.
You got the Pats every which way?
31-13.
38-14.
Maybe it's just that I've never seen them play
in a Super Bowl that wasn't close.
I can't even picture it, but you are right.
How many in a row have been really good games?
I remember when I was in elementary and middle school,
so that's mid-'90s, they were awful games for a while.
Super Bowl used to be a blowout every year.
It was like either the Buffalo getting dribbled,
or Denver getting dribbled a couple years before Elway won his couple.
Yeah, they were just bad Super Bowls.
Pats got dribbled. Pats got dribbled in 86. They got fucking dribbled. But years before Elway won his couple. Like, yeah, it was just bad Super Bowls. Pats got dribbled.
Pats, yeah, in 86, they got fucking dribbled.
But, yeah, I mean, being a Patriots fan, I mean, people, it's so funny to be hated because
your team's so good is the best feeling.
There's no better feeling because you know they only hate you because you're so good.
So, I mean, I'm pumped up for the game.
I would like a closer battle between Barstool, Boston, and Philly.
Like, Philly, do something here to try to, like, get your head in the game
or figure something out because you're being embarrassed right now.
Get your blockhead into the game.
Yeah, get your blockhead into the game.
Don't hate us because we're beautiful.
Tim Curran.
Tim Curran.
And he didn't even include the video.
Jesus Christ.
That's hilarious.
All right, well, listen.
That's another week, right?
Yeah, we still got another week of shit talking
before that, but we just want to wrap up the
AFC Championship. I'm going to be
here next week again. Okay, good.
We're in person again.
Again, huge thanks to Mark Savard
for joining us.
Great interview. I'm happy he
sounds so good. Shout out also to
our serious listeners on Power 85,
the Barstool channel. Thanks for tuning in.
And go to iTunes to download
us. Subscribe, resubscribe. Unsubscribe,
resubscribe, leave a rating.
Say whatever you want about any of us.
I don't care. Also on BarstoolSports.com
you can find us there as well.
Buy a t-shirt. Have a great weekend.
Peace. Peace out. again peace peace out I don't love her
I tried to tell myself
But you can see it in my eyes
So don't deny
I can't fool no one else
The truth is in the tears I cry.
Cause if it isn't love, why do I feel this way?
Why does she stay on my mind?
If it isn't love, why does it hurt so bad?
Make me feel so sad inside.
It feels love.
