Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-under on the national anthem, all the prop bets? You can check them out there. Log on now. Don't just
watch the game. Lay down some money and be a part of it. Join me and thousands of online players
and start betting at mybookie.ag. MyBookie is the industry-leading online sportsbook,
and its players enjoy the fastest payouts in the business when they win.
Join now and score free cash to place your Super Bowl wager on the house.
Right now, MyBookie is giving away up to 1,000 to every new player.
Sign up today to score an instant 50 bonus on your first deposit.
That's right, 50.
If you join with 100, you'll get a 150 bankroll to play with.
That's legit.
Use promo code SPIT to activate this offer.
Play, win, and get paid.
MyBookie.ag.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 64 of Nail Yakupov.
Spitting Chicklets brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Nail Yakupov, good call.
What's up, boys?
Producer Mikey Grinelli.
Neil Yakupov got drafted first overall by Edmonton, got to Edmonton, wanted number 10.
Horkoff was the captain, said absolutely not.
So 6 plus 4 equals 10.
That's how we went to 64.
Wow, that's nice little trivia.
Speaking of the Oilers.
It was a good run for him in Edmonton as a first overall pick.
Yeah, I think you might have had a better run
in the end than he did.
Patrick Stefan-ish.
Yeah.
Speaking of the Edmonton Oilers,
we're going to have to get
some dirt on you
a little later.
We're bringing on
your former teammate
and buddy, Jordan Ebley,
the New York Islander.
Current New York Islander.
Ebby, I texted him
the other day.
Today's the day off.
Unfortunately,
on Wednesday night,
they got pounded.
5-0 by the Leafs.
So let's hope he wakes up.
But we'll give him
a call in a little bit. Yeah, we'll be bringing him on a little bit uh i don't know how many teams
tired after the all-star break maybe a little too much vacation i'll tell you what i certainly
caught up on my sleeping during the all-star break which what a fucking snooze weekend dude
huh i hate to say it okay so i didn't love the game uh the game is what it is it's just it's
shinny three on three i mean guys are guys are having fun. Guys are hung over.
But the night
before, I know you had a
function Saturday night, but it wasn't
too bad. Grinley, did you see it Saturday night or were you
ripping it up, getting after it? The skills competition?
Yeah, I watched a little before it went up. It was pretty good.
I mean,
it is what it is with that. Like, how much
stuff can you really do? But they did the one where you got
to hit the targets that light up.
That was pretty good.
The obstacle course was cool.
The obstacle course was cool.
Goudreau went first, and it was insane how quickly,
because you had to lift the puck up on your stick,
get it through a hole.
That sounds hot.
Stick through a hole.
But it was pretty good.
Saturday night, I did enjoy it.
I watched it.
I had a good time.
And it was kind of cool to see.
The game, though, I mean, the game, the guys are waffled still.
You get after it.
It's so hard.
That's a big night out.
And then you're out there.
It's three on three.
And the only thing is the money to the winning team,
I think it tries to get guys playing a little harder.
Maybe that last game you see it.
But I just kind of watched the first game.
And from then, I went over to the golf.
Yeah, I think it's the all-star games.
I'm not going to lie.
Kind of like the winter classic insofar as, like,
I think the national audience might be kind of, like,
greets it with a yawn at this point,
but the people who were there are having fun,
and I think that's basically the main point.
You know, in other words, everyone who was in Tampa last week
had a great time.
Everyone at the game, it's that fun atmosphere.
I didn't catch the skills this year because, like I said,
I was out of function, and I taped it, but it was... Better than the Pro Bowl. Yeah, I didn't even the skills this year because, like I said, I was out of function and I taped it, but it was...
Better than the Pro Bowl.
I didn't even know the Pro Bowl was on.
It's so insignificant.
What's crazy, dude, the ratings it gets,
man, people watch the fucking Pro Bowl.
People are football junkies.
We'll get into that later.
So anyways, yeah, all-star
game.
You can monitor things like on Twitter.
Like, so if something viral happens, you can kind of catch it.
Nothing really, you know, a couple of nice plays,
but nothing really viral I wouldn't say happened.
Oh, you know what actually happened since the All-Star game
that I forgot to mention to you?
We were texting before about talking what to talk about on the show
because we're professionals, and I didn't bring up,
did you see Vegas cover the puck line in Calgary the other night?
They were down a goal with two minutes left and won 4-2.
Oh, you know what?
It was insane.
Froelich from Calgary, the tying goal literally shot the puck on his own goalie.
It was the craziest play of the year so far.
I don't know if he's trying to pass to the defenseman.
Shoots it on the goalie, rebound, rebound goes right to the Vegas guy, boom, tie game.
They scored another one right after that.
Then they got the empty netter.
I was losing my shit.
I didn't have them.
My buddy did.
I was like, that's the greatest gambling goal line cover I've ever seen.
It's funny.
One of my followers tweeted at me.
He said, wow, crazy puck line cover in Vegas.
And I went to check the box score.
And I was expecting to see 1959, empty net goal.
And I'm looking. I'm like, well, they scored a minute left. And I didn expecting to see 1959, he emptying that goal. And I'm looking.
I'm like, well, they scored a minute left.
And I didn't even look at the rest of it because I was just so, so honed in.
It was two minutes up by one.
Wow, that's a miracle.
No, like, you know, fucking a minute later, you're down two.
It was unreal.
I just randomly caught it, too.
That's a fucking miracle.
That was probably the most viral moment.
I guess it's not viral at all, but viral in my world.
Like when I didn't think the Austin Matthews goal point would go viral.
I guess it's not viral at all, but viral in my world.
Like when I didn't think the Austin Matthews goal point would go viral.
Oh, dude.
The hockey gambling community, I feel like there's such a small part, like small quarter of us. I think you perfectly kind of like describe and show off the hockey gambling community.
Just these fucking muckers and grinders thinking they got goal lines in their basement, just going bananas, smoking.
It's just classic.
I can just picture you and you get a good cover.
I'm like, I got to be down there at some point.
Oh, there have been some beauty ones the other night.
There was another one, too, with like seven seconds the other night.
I forget which one.
They're great.
I mean, it's like, you know, someone was saying, oh, you should just lay the one goal and not have it.
I'm like, no, no.
Never do that.
We talked about that before.
You know, it's like getting a fucking beer with no alcohol in it.
It's like, you know, I need the rush, man.
I actually think you're insane if you drink beer without alcohol in it.
Although, the older I've gotten, I like the taste of beer, but not enough to be crushing like 10 O'Douls.
Yeah, no.
Dude, if you had 40 of them, you'd get a buzz?
Is there anything in them?
You'd have to drink them real quick.
So Reggie Roach'd get a buzz? Is there anything in them? I think you'd have to drink them real quick. So Reggie Roach could get a buzz.
The only people, like guys who were probably just recently on the wagon
are going to meetings and they just want to,
it's almost like a ritual, just a ritual of drinking.
It's not even so much they're trying to get a buzz.
It's just like, all right, I just have to have a drink on my hand.
For us, I just get a soda water with a lime in it.
People think I'm a gin and tonic guy.
Speaking of drinking hands, this is kind of a reach by me.
But I'm thinking Nashville, fun time.
You guys drink.
They could be in the cup finals.
Who did they add?
Wow.
Mike Fisher's back.
How are you?
I couldn't believe it.
I mean, when a guy like that's played that long, had that great of a career, retires,
I mean, it seems to be like, all right, he's done.
They just had a run to
the finals now maybe because he's a machine that guy's jacked i'm sure he was he wasn't like me
and kept like training like an animal like even since he retired i bet you was working out and
then they're really good they they could still use a guy like him and it worked out great i've
i'd like to hear more about you know from him in terms of what what the chain of you know events
was to kind of get this even started.
I'm wondering, did they reach out to him?
Is Poyle like, hey, Fish, how you doing?
You been skating?
It's funny.
Did you see anything on it?
I actually read an article Thursday morning.
It looked like they had always just told him, hey, anytime you want to talk,
left the door open.
It sounds like his wife was a big deal behind it.
Terry's back.
Yeah, I was like, listen, I want you to go back.
I want to get all these hockey fans going bananas,
grabbing themselves when they show me in every Nashville goal in the finals.
Seriously, she's on the ice.
She's on the TV more than the players are.
They're on the cup.
But I think it was her.
She was a big push behind him.
She's like, God, this guy's annoying the shit out of me right now.
Yeah, he's home all the time.
He's fucking up my ass all the time.
I want to get him back on the road.
I think it was Bob McKenzie that said, as of last week, there was no plans for a return.
Oh, it was sudden, too.
Yeah, very sudden.
So maybe he wasn't skating and that he'll skate the next couple weeks to get into shape.
I know for a fact the guy was an animal, gym-wise and working out-wise.
So I think it's great for Nashville.
I mean, the deadline's not here yet.
Is that going to be their addition?
Yeah, Nashville may look to some other things.
Did one of the episodes I tell you I put down Anaheim and Predators to win the Cup?
Those are my two Cup bets right now.
Did you actually make a bet on it?
You can do that.
What were the odds on that?
I got Nashville at 14-1, and I gotno, Nashville at 12-1, and I got Anaheim at 15-1.
You know, on some sites, you can actually bet that those will be the specific teams in the finals, too.
That's what I thought you meant.
Mine doesn't have that in-depth.
That's one of those ones.
But Nashville, I think, I wonder if they're trying to add a little more to the deadline, but getting him.
I mean, a leader like that can kind of play up and down any line.
It's huge.
Yeah, it's a big addition to just adding a guy like that.
Now, it's almost like a trade deadline acquisition,
but you didn't have to give anything up.
You know exactly what you're getting.
You get a carry back.
You're going to get some more depth down the middle.
But I think as far as him, he's probably sitting there watching like,
shit, man, this team's going to go back to the finals this year.
Imagine a year removed.
Now I'm going to have to sit there and watch them.
I still got a little something left in the tank.
He's not the Mike Fisher of Ottawa 10 years ago, but he's
still a pretty solid guy out there. He can contribute.
I bet it was just gnawing at him.
I feel like I'm... Did he have a concussion?
Did he get a bad concussion last year?
I know he was hurt.
He was hurt going into the playoffs. He was playing injured
and stuff. I don't remember if he had
a concussion. That's one thing if you're like,
this has been a great run. We just lost in the finals.
But you're 100 right.
Even if it was mostly his wife. When people
say it was his wife pushing him, it was probably because she could
tell he missed it.
Good for him. If you can keep playing...
Dude, I don't
like when people go too long.
I hope, bringing football,
I hope Brady doesn't play too long where you think of that
at the end, overstaying your welcome in the league.
But if you could still play, dude, why would you ever retire?
It's true.
I think that if he still thinks he can give something,
and the team definitely does, or they wouldn't have brought him back,
it's the perfect scenario for him.
But Nashville, they are so fun to watch.
I really do think they're going to be in the cup finals.
It's just such a deep team.
And getting him and some other guys back from injury,
it's going to be like when Forsberg gets back, that guy's an animal.
Shout out to Martin Erat, still one of the worst trades ever.
Went to Washington.
No, it's an exciting time for Nashville.
It really is.
My man E.J. Radek at NHL Network, he actually said to me one day,
when the U.S. Olympic team got named, he's like,
man, you probably could have made that team.
I'm like, E.J., I couldn't make the local men's league squad
that plays at disgusting hockey town.
You don't realize how hard it is to even take a little time away like Fisher
and get back into it.
So it just shows the type of guy he is and the type of career he's had.
So it's exciting for him.
Maybe VZ and Hazy can dust you off of the kitchen cup down in Charlestown.
No, I literally can't skate.
I'm telling you.
The last game I played, I've told this.
I couldn't.
I was crossing over and falling.
And then I threw a pizza.
Ended up right in the back of my net in Sweden.
I was getting booed.
And I sat on the bench for the second and third period and retired right after.
I can't skate.
Yeah.
All right.
We got a week.
Oh, okay.
That's pretty emphatic.
People are always asking me to play.
I'm like, dude, I literally can't skate anymore.
So I got to give it a go again
Come on the ponds
You can come on the ponds
Ponds
Ponds I think
Cause I won't have to cross over
Dude there's nothing better
Just train track it
When you get one of those
Pond videos
Or lake videos
Like from up
Like somewhere where it's so
Fucking cold
Where the water freezes
That you can see right down
Throw it
I saw the one
Oh my god
The one on our
Yeah right exactly
That was actually crazy.
I mean, that looked like...
I don't even know where that was.
Alberta or something?
I would be afraid...
Alberta?
With all the mountains
in the background?
I would be afraid...
I would be afraid
to go on that
to be the first guy out there
because it just looks like
you're going to fucking fall through.
It's probably like
negative 30 up there, though.
Yeah, yeah.
It's beautiful.
Also, speaking of Calgary,
we could probably see this coming a while back. I called it. Yeah, it wasn't. Also, speaking of Calgary, we could probably see this coming a while back.
I called it.
Yeah, it wasn't exactly predicting a lottery number.
Yeah, Jeremy Yager, I mean, he's unofficially done playing in the NHL.
I mean, Calgary took a flyer on him this year.
Really didn't work out at all.
I think he got one goal for them when he finally got into whatever shape
they were waiting for him to get in at this stage of his career.
I don't know if they were trying to come to an agreement
financially or whatever, but
they let him go. They released him to what? The Cladno
and the Czech League? Yeah, so his hometown
team, and they have
now switched arenas that they'll be playing
in for the rest of the season.
And every
single game is completely sold out.
Now he's having season tickets like they're living next door
to the barn.
Yeah, Jarman Jagger's coming back.
I can't believe the fact that, like, no, I shouldn't say I can't believe it.
He obviously just still loves hockey so much.
He doesn't want to do anything else.
And it's just crazy to think that one of the top, I mean, can you say top five players?
You could argue he's one of the top five players to ever play yeah he's in the he's in the discussion when you talk about it
he's like willing to play at like 42 year olds or however old he is like in the czech league
that's just like not even one of the top leagues in euro it just shows he's just a hockey guy
through and through um it was over in the nhl the it's the fact that he was still like even
getting chances just shows how insane he was but uh it's still so cool now for people in Czech and all over Europe.
I mean, he doesn't sound like he wants to stop playing next year either.
Yeah, I mean, he's a guy who'll just be playing in some league no matter where.
And I don't even think about the money with him anymore, maybe a few years ago.
He obviously has no ego, really.
I mean, for someone who you probably think has an ego, he's willing to play anywhere.
It's not like he cares.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, it's not sad because he's just a guy
who doesn't want to let go of playing the game.
It sucks that a guy of such stature in the NHL
is just kind of leaving on these trends.
That's what I'm saying about overstaying your welcome a little bit.
That sounds bad, but you know what I mean.
In fact, if someone retires at not the top of their game,
but just when you can tell, it's just that much more special.
But still, when you look at his numbers,
it'll never be forgotten what he's done.
I saw some Pittsburgh writers mentioning
that he should get a statue outside Pittsburgh.
I was like, wow.
I mean, I guess if you look at the numbers, it's insane.
But if he gets one, Crosby needs to have one.
Yeah, I'm sure Crosby will.
I mean, we're so far away from statute talk with him.
Are we, though?
When can you decide if somebody's going to get a statue?
Well, I'm saying you.
I mean, I think he would probably get one now if we're going to ask that question.
You think so?
Oh, yeah.
You know, he's like you brought up a few a few shows ago.
You know, he's already got more cups to Mario.
He's already passed Mario.
He didn't maybe save the franchise in the same way Mario did,
quite literally.
But, yeah, I mean, I think at this level,
and Crosby, he could play another 10 years.
You know, it wouldn't shock me.
Well, we got our boy Eberle.
We're going to give him a ring right now,
and then we're getting into some more after this interview.
So let's get into some shit with my boy Ebs.
And now I am so happy to bring in my former roommate, my good friend, current New York Islander, number seven, Jordan Eberle.
What's up, buddy?
How you doing?
Yeah, it's good to be here.
It's weird listening to you on these shows now after living with you.
So it's been fun.
Do you laugh at me or do you just shake your head?
Or is it more like the kid's such an idiot?
No, no.
I think it's more like I see you on TV and talking seriously about hockey.
And it's hard for me to take you seriously, if anything.
Join the club.
You're not the only one.
So, Bud, listen, how's everything going?
First, talk to us.
How are you liking long island where
are you living at what's going on there and how's it been this first uh i guess over half a year now
yeah yeah i've been i've been really enjoying it it's uh um you know i think it's time for a
change for me it um you know i think the islanders have really taken me in and give me an opportunity
to do well we're uh obviously the last two games two games since the break haven't gone the way we want,
but we're still right in the mix for a playoff spot.
I think you look at our team, we've been a pretty high-powered offense.
We've struggled defensively, but I've really enjoyed it.
I'm living in Garden City, which is on the island.
Oh, yeah, Garden City Inn, Oh, yeah, Garden City Inn.
The old hotel, Garden City Inn.
Do teams still stay there?
No, not anymore.
I guess they're in Brooklyn.
Yeah, they're in Brooklyn now just because we play there.
But, yeah, the biggest transition has just been getting to the rink for games.
You take the train and then people give it some slack.
But it's actually pretty easy.
I live about a block from the train, so you just hop on the train,
head in for the games, and car back.
I've loved it so far.
Yeah, but Ebs, let me be honest with the listeners.
You had to be nervous the first time on that train.
There's no clue you knew what you were doing.
Yeah, you definitely, Chimera lives right behind me.
She'd grab ahold of somebody and just follow.
Once you get there, it's about a block walk through the rink.
Yeah, you've got to be showing the ropes.
There's no way you'd figure it out by yourself.
So you're just like a regular commuter with the rest of the New Yorkers now,
basically, huh?
Yeah, no, like legitimately on the weekends for sure.
You're getting on the train
and there's people going to the game in jerseys and fans.
So you get to mingle with them a little bit.
That's funny.
Now going back to the trade for a sec, was it a total shock when you got traded from Edmonton to the island
or was it like kind of a relief because you had been in the trade rooms for so long with, you know,
Shirely being there and him having an affinity for trading like top end talent?
Was it just like, geez, finally it's done or was it
a relief? What was the whole feeling?
How many bottles did you pop?
You know what?
I would say it was a shock.
Whenever you get traded, you're shocked.
I don't think.
I would say it wasn't a surprise though.
With social media and Twitter and everything,
it's, you know, you know when guys are, you know,
getting a get-traded or on the go or whatever,
you know, people are looking.
But so I say it wasn't a surprise.
I think, like, you know, Wits has probably been through it.
You're shocked the time it happens when you look back on it.
I wasn't surprised.
Is there a sense of
anger or rejection? Basically, this is the team
that drafted you.
They developed you as a professional.
They gave you a pretty good contract. Now, all of a sudden,
they don't want anything to do with you anymore. Does that
fuel your fire to do better the next season?
What are your emotions like
dealing with that on that level?
No, there's no grudge at all.
They gave me an opportunity to come in and play.
I've had some great times there.
I met a lot of great people.
I still wish them well.
For me, I think it was just a time for a change.
I struggled in the playoffs last year, which was really disappointing.
It took so long to get there, and finally.
And I didn't play my best, which really sucked.
And, you know, it's just time for a new scenery.
But, you know, like I said, there was no grudge.
It was all, you know, I was happy the opportunity they gave me,
and just kind of move on.
Ebi, I couldn't believe last year when
listen, for people who don't know Jordan
Eberle, the biggest thing
that I think drops to a lot of people's minds,
especially Canadians, is we're talking to a
Canadian world junior hero,
in case you guys aren't sure. The bigger
the game, it was
true, Ebi, I always busted your balls, but the bigger
the game, you scored these amazing, these
huge goals. Everyone remembers the goal against Russia and Ottawa um so last year when you got
to the playoffs I thought you were gonna light it up and then when you didn't score I was shocked
and then I'm like this kid's gonna move on and that's why it hasn't been a surprise to see you
in New York this year playing so well so my one question about the Islanders is when we talked
about playing and practicing with Crosby, you used to ask,
is it similar in terms of with Tavares and the stuff he can do?
I would say they're very similar players, yeah.
You know, I play with McDavid. He's like straightaway speed. He'll be with his quick hands.
But Crosby and Johnny, they're both very... I remember you used to say that Sid was like a really skilled grinder.
Yeah, a superstar grinder.
Yeah, and Johnny's similar.
He's so strong in the puck, and he beats you to the forecheck,
gets in front of you, and holds you off for like two minutes
and makes unbelievable play to the middle or something.
So they are very similar.
Their practice habits are similar.
They're both probably the hardest working guys
on their teams.
He's our leader.
He's a fun guy to play with.
Lately, you
have had this awesome connection with
Matt Barzell, the star rookie.
Talk to us about how that came
about. It's funny. You guys are both
undersized righties that just dish together.
You're giving and going.
The guy's flying around.
So how fun has that been?
Yeah, yeah.
He's a really good player.
I think he surprised a lot of people.
Is he a Western League guy like you?
Yeah, he's a Western League guy, but he's from BC, so it doesn't count.
He's not a Saskatchewan guy. He didn't touch your WHL numbers. That's a Western League guy, but he's from BC, so it doesn't count. He's not a Saskatchewan guy.
He didn't touch your WHL numbers.
That's a fact.
No, no, he's a good kid.
It's funny because I wasn't here last year,
but he said he surprised a lot of people coming to camp
and how well he was playing.
But he deserves all the accolades he gets.
I often say he's like a video game player.
He moves right to left.
He doesn't lose any speed.
It's crazy how good he is on his edges.
He's been a fun player to play with.
In the offensive zone, he's able to just hold on, hold on to it,
and able to find somebody coming in late or whatnot.
I think he's really helped our team.
Obviously, we've had two pretty good scoring lines.
And if we can figure it out defensively a little bit,
I think we'll be really dangerous.
Yeah, his crossovers are ridiculous, like coming out of the corners.
Are you now like a bully, like a veteran?
Do you give it to young guys, Eb?
I wouldn't say I'm bad as you were, for sure.
I wasn't.
But you know what?
I like to give it to the
young guys a little bit. You have to.
I'm not a dick. That's for sure.
Oh, you're saying I was a dick, Epps?
Well, I mean, you had your
moments, for sure. I mean, at home,
you were really nice. Then we'd get to the rink
and it was like, you made a point
of being mean just so that you didn't look like
you were sucking up to us.
Typical mass hole.
Now, going back to living at home, what was the living situation exactly? You guys were
teammates for three full seasons.
Now, wasn't Halsey living with you together at one point?
What was that living arrangement?
I basically bullied my way in.
I always say it's true, yeah.
So, yeah, the first two years
we played together,
Halsey and I lived together our rookie seasons, and then third year, which was the first two years we played together, Halsey and I lived together, our rookie season.
And then third year, which was the lockout year, yeah, that's pretty much it.
Witts bullied himself into living with us.
We had, I think, a 22-year-old and a 21-year-old.
What were you at the time?
What, 31?
Yeah, I think I was.
I might have been like 32, actually.
But it was great might have been like 32 actually podcast but it was great it was great
we uh we played tiger woods for you know gamble playing tiger woods video game remember that
500 nassau's in tiger woods video games screaming at each other over four foot pots on tiger woods
a hard breaking right to left pot actually ebbs you remember when we because occasionally you
know you'd have a uh you'd be given a night out. You'd give the day off.
The guys go out. And when Ebbs would get hung over,
he'd drag his mattress into the bathroom,
shut the door so his pit black could sleep
on the bathroom floor.
Oh, man. I remember my
room was so bright, too, that I
just needed total darkness.
Yeah, we had
some good times there. It was
always fun. So is it true, for people who don't know,
Ebbs and Halsey and Nugent Hopkins, you know,
they were the guys ripping up the NHL, the young, good-looking studs.
So they got three trucks.
And on the truck, the inside of the truck these guys would drive around was
Oilers color seats with their name and numbers and, like, the headrests and stuff.
And then, you know, at end, they would auction them off.
Then it came out, is it True Ebs you bought your
own truck in the auction?
No, that is completely false.
I know exactly what you're talking about.
I remember they had our nicknames
on the seats. It was like Ebs14
and HallZ04. The nicknames on the seats. It was like Ebbs 14 and Halsey 04.
Yeah, the nicknames.
It was your Twitter handle.
It was your Twitter handle.
What, did the dealership do that?
Yeah, well, the first year I got there,
everyone could pretty much get a free car for doing some...
Ebbs, you know, we'd go do a couple signings at the dealership or something,
but then they just gassed everyone except for Eb Talsi and Nugent Hopkins
because they were the three studs.
That's fucking crazy.
Yeah, yeah.
It was  and I remember driving those trucks.
I mean, they were  Ford was always great to us,
but you'd always feel like kind of an idiot, really,
just driving around with boiler-colored seats and your names in them.
But you know what?
They're like, whose car is that?
Oh, just look at the headrest.
Exactly.
You didn't feel too cool, that's for sure.
Oh, that's hilarious.
Now, before you got full-time pro at Edmonton,
I noticed you'd spent a little time in Springfield, Massachusetts.
What a beautiful place.
Now, tell us a little bit about you.
Thankfully, you weren't there all that long, but just after junior seasons, right?
Yeah, so I went there after my 18 or 19-year-old year.
You know, that was my first taste of pro hockey.
You know, what an eye-opener.
You're like, this is it?
This is what I worked so hard for?
I just remember coming into the rink and uh
i looked up in one of the jersey like the retired jersey banners was shore number two and i was like
daddy shore i couldn't believe it that eddie shore's jersey was retired there
um but it was uh yeah it was I remember we played teams like Bridgeport,
who I think was like the toughest team.
It was the only team that I remember the coach came up to me before the game
and told me to watch out.
And I was like obviously a little bit nervous.
And then I think my second game in we played Hartford.
Donald Brashear was on the team.
You know, I was terrified.
I was like, this is pro hockey.
I wasn't. I was like, this is pro hockey. I was like, this is not
suiting my game.
I thought the WHL was hard. Brash
just breathed on me and I passed out.
Yeah, it was
scary, that's for sure.
So Ebs, talk to me about
how was the summer? Did you get married?
I did, yeah.
Man down.
Congrats.
Yeah, unlike you, I told people about it.
I found out you were getting married about a week after you got married.
And I heard it was a surprise, apparently.
A surprise wedding, yeah.
I mean, when there's a kid on the way, you just have to kind of get it done.
So we just figured out a fun way to do it.
Shotgun wedding in the surprise setting.
I heard.
That's one way to do it, yeah.
So you still spending summers in Calgary?
I am, yeah.
Still spend my, all my family's still there, so.
Nice.
I love it. Yeah, it's a great spot to be in the summer and just golf and work out and relax.
That's pretty much the equivalent of my summers.
It's like I've become a pretty good golfer.
I remember we went on a golf trip, and I hit that stupid hook,
and my drives were like 220 yards,
but I turned my game around for sure.
Well, that was when Ebs took on Call Me in the last match of this huge thing
and lost, and Eberle was the game where we couldn't believe it.
So I'm not surprised your game's better now.
You probably play a buttercup.
I could see it.
Yeah, no, I've definitely gotten better.
Since that moment, I've really tried to work on my golf game.
That was a low moment.
Because I was so embarrassed.
Call me doesn't even bring it up.
He feels bad.
Yeah, I think he was three up with four to go and ended up winning the last four holes.
So I definitely pulled it for the guys.
So, Ebbs, after this season, you've got one more year left on the current deal.
Then you're going to become fuck you rich.
You're going to be a legit UFA, even though I think
I paid you like UFA once already.
Are you looking forward to that day?
Do you even think about it?
Because you obviously got the day-to-day grind of this season
and a whole other season.
Do you allow yourself to get to that point and imagine
where you might go or what kind of dollars you might be making
or do you just say, screw it, I'll deal with that
when that comes here?
Yeah, to be honest, I haven't thought about it at all.
I think it's something I haven't really gone through UFA yet,
so it's something I haven't experienced.
But, you know, it's something I think I'll just deal with when it comes.
Like I said, I'm really enjoying my time here in Long Island.
I think my goal right now is to get this team close season.
It's been a great change so far.
The coaching staff and the organization has really helped me out
and get my confidence back and start playing well again.
So, you know, I just want to continue to play well here
and get the team to the playoffs.
Like I said, I haven't really thought about that at all.
Ebbs, how did you  we haven't even talked in so long.
Who called you? How did you find out you get traded?
Twitter or did you get a phone call first?
I was
working out and I got a call from
Mac T.
Mac T.
I was surprised it happened so quick.
I think it was a week
into when everything kind of opened
up.
I think if anything, it was kind of nice that it happened quick
and I didn't have to think about it all summer.
Did you call Halsey right away?
I think once they called me, I think it hit Twitter within minutes.
So I think I had a ton of messages and a ton of notices.
And I think I did call, or Halsey called me.
We were talking about it.
So it's kind of nice having a guy that, you know,
he went through it the year before coming from Edmonton
and traded especially the Metro Division.
So he's kind of got the lead on for questions or whatever.
Yeah, and you two have just,
everyone says Edmonton needs scoring wingers.
They traded two snipers away,
so that'll always be commie to me.
All right, Whit. What do you got?
What do you got? We're not letting you off the hook quite yet.
We got to keep it sort of friendly
with Whit's stories, but we got to hear some shit on
him. We can't let him shit on you for the whole 25
minutes here. I don't have anything.
It was tough living
a perfect lifestyle. There's nothing
to bring up.
Whit, I'm trying to think of something off the top It was tough living a perfect lifestyle. There's nothing to bring up. Oh, Wits.
I'm trying to think of something off the top, man.
I mean, I think him just living with us in itself is pretty funny.
I always stop.
But, you know, Wits, he's a pretty easygoing guy.
Other than his hockey at the time, I think he was pretty mentally strong.
Ebs,
remember,
we'd be driving home,
Ebs is 10 years younger
than me.
I'd be like,
dude,
how'd you think
I looked tonight?
Was I playing okay?
He's like,
Jesus Christ,
this guy's having
a mental breakdown.
Yeah,
you know what,
it was tough at times,
but it was always fun.
You know, he was just an entertainment every day.
Like, we'd go to Cactus Club, and he'd order the Caesar salad with no cheese every single time.
No cheese.
And he'd say no cheese like six or seven times.
But the one thing that always stuck out to me was like
you were really rude to waitresses and i always thought that was so funny
wow hey this is something my friends say too i think i went through a time where i was probably
that's such a low blow wow i'm looking at it a different way now no i start off nice if they
fuck up once then i had to come back at you. Because I heard the podcast between you and Hollis,
and you were going after me playing guitar.
So I had to think about that.
I've actually heard you're pretty good.
I swear to God, I heard you're pretty good at the guitar.
Now tell people I treat waitresses nice.
Oh, you're the best.
Nobody treats me better.
Wow, dick to waitresses.
I'm a little surprised.
When they fuck up, listen.
Sometimes the kitchen's dry. I mean, listen, people don't. I can be a real dick sometimes waitresses I'm a little surprised. When they fuck up, listen Sometimes the kitchen's dry
I can be a real dick sometimes
I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie right now
Sometimes I say cold glass, can I get a
cold glass too?
Wow, you're like Sally from fucking Harry
Met Sally over here
This is my co-host who brings up movies from
the 70s
Real unpopular movie
Have you seen Harry Met Sally, Ebbs?
I haven't seen that, no.
Yeah, but Ebbs actually,
he wouldn't even watch Tommy Boy.
I'm like, Chris Farley.
So Ebbs actually doesn't count either.
Plus, actually,
I think he was probably two
when it was born.
Actually, when I was looking up
some info on you
before the show, Ebbs,
we realized you were born
the same day that Peter Klima
scored the triple overtime game
in game one of the Stanley Cup.
Did you know that?
In the Edmonton Stanley Cup Finals in 1990.
It was Game 1.
Were you aware of that?
I did not know that.
Yeah.
May 15th, right?
I have to remember that.
May 15th, your birthday?
Yeah.
So what are you turning this year?
I'm 28 this year.
Are you?
I still got three years
before I get to move in
with Barzell
and Bolivia.
Ebs, man,
you're the best, dude.
Thanks for coming on.
Ebi,
I want you to come to Boston
or I come out to Calgary.
We can do one of these
in person
with some beers
and then we can kind of,
Yeah, for sure.
You know,
some of my stories
can't be told,
but you know, we can get listeners in on some other stuff some other shit you guys yeah yeah
are you guys back up boston this year by any chance no i look you're not back at against
the bruins here are you no i think i think we're done with them um thank god they're playing really
well right now so they've uh i you know what i think we might have them one more time i think
it's in long island i think it's in Long Island. I think it's in Long Island.
Never say never. Playoffs could happen.
Exactly.
We could reunite from the early 80s once again. Well, Ebbs, I do call that I think you're actually going to get 11 more goals
and break your career high this year, so keep going.
Yeah, I appreciate it.
I do.
I think we didn't get too much of it in Edmonton where, you know,
down the stretch here, these are important games.
So these are always the fun ones to play.
Exactly.
And hopefully we can turn around here.
And that's when you step it up.
So thanks, buddy.
And to all the waitresses out there, I love you.
Hey, Ebbs, thanks.
I appreciate it, guys.
Thanks a lot for coming on, pal.
Really appreciate it.
Thanks, bud.
I'll talk to you later.
This week's interview was brought to you by HIMSS.
You know, fellas, as you get a little older, a little dirty secret,
but sometimes you're not able to get your soldier to salute quite like you did when you were 18.
That's why HIMSS is here to help take care of that problem.
Over 25 of new erectile dysfunction cases are guys under 40.
It's not something guys want to talk about, but it is an issue.
40 of men over 40 struggle with not being able to get a full woodrow
and maintain one during intercourse.
Even the world's best actor can't fake it.
So guys don't want to ask for help.
That's why you can go to HIMSS.
Find out the information there.
It's a one-stop shop for all your hair loss, skin care, sexual illness,
all for men.
Check it out.
ED, again, it's something no guys don't want to talk about.
Nobody wants to tell their buddy they can't get a woodrow anymore.
It's embarrassing.
It's something they don't want to talk to your doctor about because, you know,
we measure our virility through that particular part of our body.
But HIMS is here to help us all out.
It's not herbal supplements.
They're prescription solutions backed by science.
There's one pill that can take care of the whole thing.
It's a game changer.
No waiting room, no doctors.
Go to HIMSS.com, tell them what your problem is, and they'll take care of it.
Products are shipped directly to your door, so nobody knows.
It's personal.
It's private.
You're not even going to have to tell us on the spit and chiclets.
You got a problem with Woody?
You go to HIMSS.com, they'll take care of it.
Okay?
So try HIMSS for a month today for just 5.
We'll get you started for just 5 while supplies last.
This is not valid in all states.
See the website for full details.
This would cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or a pharmacy.
But, nope, go to forhims.com slash hockey.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash hockey.
Forhims.com slash hockey. 4hims dot com slash hockey.
Thank you so much to Ebbs.
You know what, though?
Halsey roasted him when we had him on,
so we didn't get to just rip it on Halsey.
That'll be for part two.
That's bullshit.
Halsey snuck away from that one.
Yeah, he seems like a fun kid, though.
Ebbs is the man.
I'm excited for him.
So we're pumped he came on.
I think the Islanders are, you know, bet the over every game.
They score a lot of goals.
I think he threw you under the bus a little bit with that waitress stuff.
I don't care.
Listen, I'm going to be honest.
If a waitress fucks up with me, I'm going to be hard on her.
That's just what happens.
It's just, that's life.
Yeah.
You got to do well when you're doing it.
Just do your job well.
That's all I ask.
I was in the service industry for a while. Like me in Edmonton, I was your job well. That's all I ask. I was in the service
industry for a while. Me and Edmonton, I was doing it well.
That's what my dad was in the service industry.
He's always leaving huge tips. I'm like,
that guy was terrible. Why are you giving him a huge tip?
He's like, I was in the service industry.
He loves reminding me of that.
I do. I do. I give
tips. I understand. People do suck. You don't want
to... Fuck you, Ibs. I never stiffed them though.
Alright, time for our weekly segment with the listeners
where they chime in with questions.
They did step it up this week.
They gave us plenty.
We got a ton.
Yeah, we did get a ton.
By the way, a lot of them didn't get seen
because you didn't use the hashtag.
I'm not a hashtag.
No, you didn't.
No, I'm not saying you.
Well, they didn't.
We still found them.
Whatever.
We still got plenty of them on there.
Shoot.
All right, so, Stefan asks,
would you rather your entire browser history,
every photo you've ever taken on your cell phone,
or every text message be released to the public?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, my God.
Definitely, I'll go first because I think this is easy for me.
Being the older guy, I kind of was late on the whole, like,
dick pic
Getting pictures
Send nudes
All that
Send nudes
I was too late
For the send nudes generation
So I don't have a lot
Of bad pictures on my phone
Probably more boring ones
Than fucking bad ones
That's the easy guess for me
Browser history man
Some of those
Yeah but I feel like
You're probably still
Looking at like
Magazines to crank it too
Like you're not even
Into the internet either
No I'm honestly Still I don't need Moving photos magazines to crank it too. You're not even into the internet either.
Honestly,
I don't need moving photos to fucking get
the job done.
I'll throw my photos. I don't want people to see
my browser history because sometimes you just get late night
weird and curious and it could just look weird
trying to explain certain fucking
Google things.
And then what was the other one? Text messages.
Yeah, whatever.
We've all said things on text message we don't
want.
Like Tom Brady's probably a great example during the deflate shit when his text messages
were made public.
When you take things out of context.
That was like the best possible scenario.
Exactly.
Well, you know what I'm saying?
But right.
There was nothing really bad on there.
But even he was texting about pool, email about pool covers, and they still try to make
them look bad.
Yeah.
So let alone fucking, you know, you say something to your buddy with a word that people don't want to hear.
All right.
You're up.
What are you, Grinnelly?
I'm with 1,000 million percent browser history.
I watch porn.
That's the only thing that's on there.
Yeah.
So that's all right.
Whatever.
Browser history.
My photos.
You don't have any weird searches like RA?
No.
During one of his four in the morning movie binges, he's got some weird Google stuff going on.
Mine, actually, to be completely honest,
I'd have to be on the run if any of them got out.
So I can't even answer.
It's like all three would put me in a horrible place
that I'd probably have to just disappear.
So I'm going, if that happens, like Black Mirror style, I'm out of here.
So I'll be looking for a new host.
Hey, Biz, you want to move to the East Coast?
What happened to Whit?
Oh, a couple things got released.
Biz, he's gone forever.
Biz, I got a spare room here.
You're far from Southie.
And Whitney disappeared.
We need a new host.
All right.
My search history can go from, like, Dustin Johnson driver to, like, really, really bad shit.
Dustin Johnson hammer.
Dustin Johnson rocket wrench.
All right.
So Leroy asks, besides hockey, which sports are you excited to watch this Winter Olympics?
All right.
Hamilton.
I love the bobsled and luge stuff.
Do you?
No, actually, the skiing I love the best, dude.
There's so much speed in the winter sports.
That's what I like about it.
You're a speed guy.
He's a speed guy.
He's a big speed guy.
I had a little meth, never hurt anybody.
Honestly, the downhill skiing is sick.
They're going 80 miles an hour.
The slaloms?
The slaloms.
The downhill?
No, not the one where they go through back and forth.
I'm talking like it's a turn 300 yards away.
Downhill. Downhill. Downhill. Downhill. I'm not like it's a turn 300 yards away. Downhill.
Downhill.
Downhill.
I'm not much of a moguls guy.
Not much of a moguls guy.
That looks...
I like the freestyle.
Dude, I like...
No, any X-Games shit,
I'm not a huge fan of.
Oh, I love that.
Snowboarding I get into, dude.
Sean White's a piece of shit.
He has a dirt bag.
He's a dirt bag.
Watch their crash reel.
If anyone, everyone,
if you're a big fan of Sean White
Watch the crash reel
I believe it's called
It's a documentary
I'm so bad at names
And remembering shit
It's about an amazing
Snowboarder that was
On level with Sean White
And the kid had a traumatic
Brain injury during training
Oh I saw it
Yeah yeah yeah
And Sean White's a prick
And he said
And so
I don't like him
He's a real creep
Behind closed doors
A few of the ladies Have said
But I'm actually
Dude
I get into the
Women's figure skating
It's drama
Yeah dude
It's exciting
It's an incredible skill
Dude
You need to do that stuff
Like think of it
It actually is insane
When they're jumping up
And spinning three times
Exactly
And especially when the dudes
Are throwing the girls
Up in the air
And catching them
And they're doing
Fucking skates
Like with a toe pick.
Actually, shout out, by the way, Jerry Thornton is not even done ironically.
He's our legit figure skater guy at Barstool.
He covers it unironically.
He really, because I think his wife's into it and got him into it.
And he knows the sport fucking as good as football, maybe.
It's actually a great, great three.
But, yeah, I agree with you.
If you can get some hot, psychotic-looking
Russian against, I guess, who are they
going to be in it? I don't know. Versus an American
and then do the Chinese throw figure skaters in?
Are they not good? I'm not sure. What's the other good countries?
I think China's good. I think China is.
I think China's real good. I'm not sure.
They get like a million of them and then one get
through and the other 909,000
go to a slave camp.
Remember the big scandal where the Russian judges
were rigging the Olympics?
Yeah, that's the thing about...
That's what happened to us in 2010,
the Russian judges.
That's what happens with ice skating.
It's so subjective.
One guy can judge you on one thing.
And by the way,
obviously you guys are fucking,
if not born of your puppies,
the Eye Tanya,
the movie about Tanya Harden.
Dude, that was the biggest fucking story.
I know that story.
She is a piece of trash. Fuck Tanya Harden. Yeah, no, absolutely. Well, that's, the movie about Tonya Harden. Now, dude, that was the biggest fucking story. Okay.
She is a piece of trash. Fuck Tonya Harden.
Yeah.
No, absolutely.
Well, that's what, like, this movie is kind of.
She's from the North Shore for sure.
No, no, no.
Tonya Harden.
She's from Pacific Northwest.
Oh, is she?
Nancy Kerrigan's from Stoneham.
She was actually the classy one.
She's a South Shore girl, though, in Stoneham.
She skated in the Ice Palace.
Skated in Burlington.
That was crazy.
So, now, the Olympics, they're already rivals.
Now, the girl hired a fucking goon to whack her in the knee, dude.
Everyone on the planet was watching that.
Is that movie getting good reviews?
It's getting great reviews.
The only thing I don't like about it is that it's recast Tanya Hiding as a sympathetic figure.
Oh, that's bullshit.
Granted, she had an awful upbringing, and child abuse is terrible and traumatizing,
but she's still fucking okay with the hit on her opponent.
And that's fucking trash.
Shout out to Jeff Gulluli, who has the all-time goon name.
Gulluli.
Gulluli.
Jeff Gulluli.
All right, so what else we got?
Yeah, skiing.
All right, so last one.
Enzo asks, what are your favorite Super Bowl prop bets?
Like over, under on the National Anthem,
coin toss with the weather outside, you mentioned.
Standard year for Super Bowl.
I've never won a prop bet.
Remember when I, was it last year or two years ago?
No, last year was the first year with podcasts, right?
We didn't have a podcast the year before, did we?
At Super Bowl time?
I'd have to double check the dates.
I'm going to get to that in a minute.
Go ahead.
I think we did when Denver played.
I think, whatever.
Either way, one of those years.
Actually, we did.
Yeah.
It was before Barstow. Go did. Go ahead. Make your point.
We were going through your browser history and I left.
It was...
The prop bets have...
I've won the game.
I've picked the winner, covering the spread,
and then I've lost money because I lose so many prop bets.
I don't think I'm going to do any
this year. I know it sounds un-American,
but I'm just going to stick to the way to make some money,
hopefully by picking the right team in the Patriots.
Maybe do the anthem.
But even the anthem, one year I thought it went over,
and then they randomly decide when it ends, even if she's still holding a note.
So, I don't know.
It kind of pisses me off.
But the first catch stuff, player stuff, is the good stuff.
But I never win any of those either.
I'm always a big first touchdown
on the game guy, not for each team. You always do that.
Those are good because you can fucking smoke
some good odds out of there. Especially
with the Pats. Don't be surprised
if James Devlin scores their first touchdown
because they don't use them all year and they're
going to fucking... Well, I should say they didn't
use them a ton this year. He used to be like Ninkovich.
He used to have everyone scoring touchdowns.
Guys like that are 35-1.
I had the Pats versus Jacksonville
a couple weeks ago. I had Marquis
Mercedes Lewis was 25-1.
I had him for his touchdown. You know what I'm going to do?
Because I sprinkled the infield a little.
Yeah, exactly. But you know
what I'm going to do actually is
first pass by
Brady completion or
incompletion and standard maybe he throws a six-yard gun to the middle on a little run.
So I'm going to pick completion.
I'll take that action.
First pass being a completion by Brady.
I think, too, a lot of guys, there are bets like that.
But if the juice ain't that big, then you're just not going to.
I like to chase a little more big game.
Oh, big game, Hunter?
Yeah, a little.
Finally cashed in last year, dude.
I had been betting fucking overtime for 20 fucking years easily,
and it finally came through last year.
So you're still down?
Oh, yeah, definitely, yeah.
But at least I got about 8,000 of it back last year.
This week, it's been exciting.
Yeah.
It's been exciting prior to the Super Bowl,
but what a joke that it's in Minnesota.
What are they?
I mean, I know they built a new stadium.
It's 100 what happened.
Yeah, there you go.
But you have to have it in L.A., not San Diego anymore, L.A., New Orleans, Miami.
Like, just use those three places.
Like, people don't want to go somewhere that it's one degree.
It's got to be a place that's, like, average temperature is over 65.
Like, what are all the hoochie mama sluts that looking to get after it at these parties wearing in Minnesota?
What are they doing?
Where are they going to be?
Bikinis and the triple fat gooses.
Remember like back in the day there used to be a player every Super Bowl that was in the game that would get busted with a hooker that week.
That's not happening anymore.
It's just.
What about when it's in Vegas?
That's because of the internet.
It makes it.
You can beat.
Yeah.
So I heard.
So I read on the internet. But we're not looking at my browser history. To get after it. So what about when it's in Vegas? That's because of the internet. It makes it, you can beat Marshall. Yeah, I get it. So I heard. So I read on the internet, but we're not looking at my browser history.
So what about when it's in Vegas?
Well, that's a great point, because that's what it is.
Teams get rewarded.
We got a new stadium.
We've had our idiot taxpayers pay for it.
So the NFL rewards them by letting them host the Super Bowl to goose their local economy.
It's like a reward.
They're letting them wet the beak for coming up with a new stadium because the NFL is like a fucking mafioso outfit.
But, yeah, that's going to be interesting, what Mikey says,
because they're still pretending that people don't watch the NFL
because they have money on the games.
The NFL is stupid about it.
So when Vegas, they're building a gazillion-dollar stadium,
what are they going to tell them?
No, you can't have a Super Bowl here.
That's going to be an interesting thing because they're going to deserve
a new fucking Super Bowl as much as Minnesota did.
They'll definitely get one.
And then people are full of this out. They should just have a new Super Bowl as much as Minnesota did. And then with people
full of this out, they should just have a fucking Super Bowl
there every year.
I'm just saying, don't have it
when people are going there
having to wear nine scarves and
double gloves like Lloyd
Christmas and
honestly be trudging around
trying to get... They're making it so
that you're getting to get into the stadium.
They're allowing people to do it at Mall of America and then
take a railway to the stadium so they don't have to wait outside
in the cold. Sick idea, NFL.
Also, I've been hearing
and seeing, just following
up on Barstool and all the coverage.
They're doing a great job out there. Unbelievable job out there
by the boys and girls. They're doing some funny stuff every day.
But it seems like there's not that many
Eagles fans yet there.
I think once the weekend comes, it'll be mostly Eagles fans there.
They're probably just all too poor to afford to miss a day of work.
Or they don't even work, I bet, those scumbag Philly fans.
So they'll probably be out there on Friday morning.
And then I think it's going to be sucker punches, fights, and it's going to be batteries.
It's going to be a gong show there.
It's going to be all Philly because the Pats are about to, fights, and it's going to be batteries. It's going to be a gong show there. It's going to be all Philly because
the Pats are about to, well, on the verge of
possibly winning their sixth Super Bowl in this
century. So it's not that
fervish, fervor like Philly
has. They've never won a Super Bowl. Their last
football title was the NFL championship
in 1960. So they're paying way
more money. Way more people are going to go where I think people
in New England are like, hey, you know what?
You can't go every year.
Minnesota? No, I'm going to sit this one out.
Go broke if you try going every year.
Oh, I do. Okay. But yeah, as far
as the props, man, like I say, first touchdowns
fucking overtime. I'll still play it just because
it's 6-1, 7-1.
As far as prediction, man, I just, like
I said before, it's not
in a disrespectful way, but I just don't think
the Pats are going to have a hard time with Nick Foles.
I think he craps out this weekend.
I know.
You've been saying this.
It makes me feel good that you're that confident.
But I'm still  I just  I can't see  like I said before,
I think it's going to be a close game.
I think the Pats win.
I'm still taking them.
I mean, listen.
It's down to four and a half, the line.
Is it really?
As of  well, when I last checked on Thursday.
Yeah, but once you get  living in Boston,
you get so screwed by, like, local lines. You know what I mean? You do. Living in Boston, you get so screwed by local lines.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Well, that depends.
Let's check it right now.
It depends where your offshores are based.
W-W-W-W.
I agree, though.
I'm with you, Ari.
I think they're going to spank him.
Yeah.
It's just that their team, if Julio Jones does what Julio Jones does right here,
makes a simple catch, then Philly's already would have got bounced out.
Julio Jones plays on Atlanta.
I know. He's talking about the drop. He's talking about have got bounced out. Julio Jones plays on Atlanta. I know.
He's talking about the drop.
He's talking about the game where he dropped the ball in the last play of the game.
Wait, was that actually?
Oh, yeah, that would have wrapped it up, right?
Okay, here's what I wanted to get to.
You were just talking about the Super Bowls.
Yes, tomorrow, Saturday, is our second anniversary of the debut of Spit and Chicklets,
which wasn't called Spit and Chicklets then.
I pulled it up the other night. first show debuted february 3rd was it poster prior to the denver it
was before the super bowl but um so that's what i was trying to say like that because it was february
3rd because the super bowl is always the first sunday in february so so two years i've been
coming here our first show debuted two years tomorrow dude yeah we brought obviously and we brought, obviously, Granaleon a little bit later.
Because we were two.
We were independents.
We were an independent podcast with our only PR was Twitter.
It was pretty wild.
I wonder how many people were listening to that shit.
We did actually post a couple blogs.
We probably said way worse stuff, too.
Oh, yeah.
I didn't have a job.
I didn't have a kid or a wife.
I was probably saying really bad stuff.
I tried to pull it up.
I think they're still on SoundCloud, so you'd have to go there and listen to them.
But anyways, cheers to what?
We just tapped mics.
Cheers to the rally, too.
It's not his two-year anniversary.
Five and a half.
Five and a half on my site.
Yeah, that's jacked, dude.
Mine's four and a half.
Yeah, I'm going to pound them.
Listen, I'm going to pound them.
I don't think it's going to matter.
And I'm going to pound their team over.
I mean, it's just that's what you do when you're a Patriots fan.
You pound them and the team over, and if you've
been doing it for 12, 15 years, you're
up a ton of money. Yeah, actually
the records of the Super Bowl aren't that
great. I mean, they don't cover
a ton of the Super Bowl. But I mean,
the seasons leading up to the Super Bowl wins,
yeah, they have. Yeah, exactly. Oh, I guess
well, they covered St. Louis.
They were fucking plus 13 and a half.
Yeah.
And I wouldn't know Carolina, Philly.
They must have covered Philly.
They won by 10, right?
Or did they win by four?
I think they only won by...
Yeah, I wouldn't know.
Yeah, because Philly scored late.
But yeah, because I remember seeing a stat the other day.
They're just there.
They're not great.
But anyways, those stats mean nothing because it's a whole new game.
99 of people can tell you stats mean nothing.
What are you doing for the game?
Probably going to be sitting right where I am right now.
As far as going to a crowd and potty.
Fuck that noise.
What if your team's playing?
Yeah, I'm probably going to have a couple of boys who came over for the AFC Championship.
Probably going to have them over.
Watch the game here and just, you know.
See, I was going to ask you guys.
So I've never watched a big game like this in a bar before.
It sucks.
It sucks, does it?
I was going to try it this week.
I mean, you're young, so.
Yeah.
If I was you, I'd be going out.
100.
I'd rather do that than sit there with like 10 dudes on a couch.
Or you could, yeah.
If I'm your age and looking, yeah, you go out.
But the thing is, when you get volume, it's not nearly as bad.
When there's no volume at games or whatever, you can't even watch it.
But when you get volume and it's the Super Bowl,
I just more want to chill because I'm not doing bad stuff like you,
or you're hopefully doing bad stuff.
But if you're going to be in a situation where you're in a bar and it's the Super Bowl,
I think with the volume, it'll be actually pretty good.
It's just you've got to get a good spot to sit, dude.
You can't even risk fucking standing up like some Muppet the whole Super Bowl.
It's just too easy to get distracted in a bar, too.
You know what I mean?
If you really want to genuinely watch the game, if you draw a team playing, you definitely
want to, like, I don't know.
I just think it's a bar, man.
There's just too many bells and whistles and dime pieces walking around.
I've done the last two games at a bar, and I've had the time of my life.
Yeah, well, then fucking...
Standing on the bar, cranking beers over my head.
Well, I mean, not everybody gets to Fucking do it
When daddy's by
When daddy's by
You're talking
Different world
But
If you can do that
Yeah
I mean just rip it up there
What are you doing?
So
I got told
Just the other day
My wife's like
I'm gonna take
Ryder to my aunt's
For the game
I was like
Oh
I was like
Oh okay And you know Her mom goes And then her father You know Her father isn't going I'm going to take Ryder to my aunt's for the game. I was like, oh, okay.
And her mom goes, and then her father isn't going.
So he's like, I'm not going to the aunt's to watch.
So I don't know what I'm going to do.
One of my buddies is having a bunch of people over, but it's all couples.
So then I'm there.
I'm not the couple.
Come here if you want.
Not that I would really care.
No, I won't come here.
This is where I work.
You don't want to miss business and pleasure.
I don really care. No, I won't come here. This is where I work. You don't want to miss business and pleasure. I don't know.
I might just get on the couch, just get your spread, your booze ready,
and then just go nuts.
I haven't figured it out yet.
Rick Ross is playing at that place.
If they win, is that what I heard?
He's playing, and he's playing the next night in Boston at the Grand.
So only if he wins?
Yeah.
Only if they win on Monday or something?
No, no, no. He's playing there wins. Yeah. Only if they win on Monday or something. No, no, no.
He's playing there regardless.
Yeah.
Damn it.
All right.
Well, next week.
Parade Tuesday on my birthday.
Just saying.
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
Have you ever been to a parade?
Oh, yeah.
I go every year.
Me?
I've been to one parade.
Which?
First Red Sox?
1918.
Is that what you meant?
Old guy.
No, first like second age Boston sports.
No, I went.
I've only went to one parade in 1986.
It was the only day my mother ever let me skip school.
I was to go to the Celtics parade in 86.
And it was so fucking different then.
There's actually a picture I can pick up.
You probably hop on the buses with them, right?
I legit did.
That's funny you said that.
Because there were no barriers.
It was just like these DP.
This was way before duck boats were even on the streets,
let alone used for championship parades.
They were just these DPW trucks,
and they'd have like four or five Celtics on each of them,
and they would just drive down the street,
and it was just surrounded by people.
It was insanity.
So I've been to all of them since basically 2001,
and I'll say the craziest one was the Bruins,
and I'm not just being biased.
Because the Bruins is all North Shore fans that are out of their mind.
They're going to come down and rip it up.
Yeah, it was insane.
Dude, just a quick finish to the 86 story.
Legit was within a fucking inch of having a shattered foot.
Dude, because like I said, there was no barrier.
So the truck was just going slow down the street two miles an hour.
And there was a bird was coming. And he's just like right in the middle of the truck he's got two fucking number ones in the air and everyone just screaming all of a sudden i just feel like
something heavy on my fucking foot and i look down and there's a fucking like a four foot tire on my
in it fucking by the time i realized what had happened it went right over it was just my toes
dude if my foot like i said if it was another two inches, would have went...
Now I would have had a crushed foot in the crowd of
a million people. You'd be like a peg leg.
I would have been like front peg.
I'd be screwed. So anyways, dude,
I did. I climbed up on the truck with fucking
Danny Ainge and Danny being the mormon was like,
hey, you might get in trouble if they see you here. And being a
scared fucking kid I was, I fucking climbed
down. So that was my fucking one time.
So what are your final predictions, boys, for the Super Bowl?
I'm going Pats 30, Eagles 24.
So I cover.
I'm sticking with Pats 31-13.
I got 38-14 Patriots.
Okay.
Pats D.
Actually, the other thing.
No one's talking about the Pats D.
I feel like everyone's talking about Philly's D.
Pats D all the way.
One quick note.
Little Netflix suggestion,
A Feudal and Stupid Gesture.
It's a movie
with a star,
Will Forte,
his comedic genius,
Doug Kenny.
Guy wrote Animal House
and Caddyshack
before he died.
Oh!
So if you saw
the National Lampoon documentary,
Stone Drunk,
Breaking Dead,
this is a great companion
with it on Netflix.
A Feudal and Stupid Gesture.
Get on it.
Peace.
What do you got, Witz?
Spaulding, get your foot off the boat.
Exactly.
What a movie.
All right.
Peace out, everyone.
Enjoy the Super Bowl.
I'll be in Florida next week, so I'll be talking to you from another location.
Getting ready to swing the wrenches.
West Palm.
Get in touch with me if you want to golf.
Sounds good.
Go Pets. Thank you. Bye.
