Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This week's episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Death Wish.
How far would you go to protect your family?
Well, MGM Pictures presents director Eli Roth's reimagining of the 1974 revenge classic thriller Death Wish starring Charles Bronson.
Bruce Willis plays a surgeon whose wife and daughter are attacked and he seeks revenge. of the 1974 revenge classic thriller Death Wish starring Charles Bronson.
Bruce Willis plays a surgeon whose wife and daughter are attacked,
and he seeks revenge.
Unfortunately, the police can't help him out,
so he has to take matters into his own hands.
Death Wish is in theaters on March 2nd.
I personally can't wait to see it.
I love the original.
Charles Bronson made a great flick back in the day. A couple of crazy sequels.
Big Bruce Willis fan myself.
I mean, everybody loves Bruce Willis, whether it's Die Hard, Pulp Fiction, Look Who's Talking.
Everybody's a Bruce Willis fan.
The movie does look badass.
Some great action in it.
You got to go see it on the big screen.
I know a lot of times you like to watch things at home, but this is one you need to see on the big screen.
It's got Bruce Willis. It's got Elizabeth Shue of Adventures in Babysitting fame.
Also, Cocktail
Vincent D'Onofrio
You know him from Full Metal Jacket
Dean Norris
Mike Epps
Camilla Munro
Bunch of great actors
You want to check it out
Death Wish
Coming up there
March 2nd
Be there Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode Eric Carlson.
That's an easy one.
Episode 65 of Spittin' Chicklets brought to you by Boss Blue Sports.
What's up to our boy in Seacarcus, New Jersey, Ryan Whitney?
What up?
What up?
I'm actually in Florida, though, all right.
Just on opposite day.
You just said fucking Jupiter two seconds ago.
That's about where my brain is today.
I'm actually sitting outside right now overlooking the water,
and I just got out right before that blizzard hit you guys.
So how's that taste?
Actually, it was a couple inches, and the rain washed it away.
It's just real wet and sloppy.
That's what she said.
It's just real wet and sloppy like a college-era BGA.
So listen, I'm going to come out and say right now,
I've been hard on the city of Philadelphia.
Listen, I hate the place.
It's full of scum, but all credit, they did it.
They did it.
They beat them.
You can talk about what's going on, but they won.
They won the game.
Congrats to them.
Say hi.
Mikey hadn't said hello yet.
What's up, boys?
Yeah, no, this sucks.
This definitely sucks.
What's up, Grinnelli?
This sucks.
Hey, Grinnelli.
Hey, Grinnelli.
Happy birthday, buddy.
Thank you, boys.
I appreciate that. Happy birthday, buddy. Thank you, boys. I appreciate that.
Happy birthday, buddy.
Thank you.
So also, boys, I'm sitting actually across the street from Tiger Woods Restaurant, the
Woods Jupiter, and I'm on a bench, and there was another woman here sitting, and I got
no service for myself in the room.
I said, I got to go outside and do this.
And I sat down.
I said, listen, I'm going to try to not swear at all, man, but I may be doing it.
And I'm doing this interview thing, and she just looked at me disgusted
and walked away.
So I'm good now.
I got this whole bench to myself.
You're like, get out of here, you a-hole.
Yeah, going back to the game, hey, hats off to Philly, to the Eagles.
They came in.
They played with balls.
If Jacksonville played with the same amount of balls,
they probably would have gone to the Super Bowl.
But Philly, you know, Brad, what's his name, Peterson, came in.
He jangled his big nuts all over the place, made some ballsy calls.
And the Pats made a really terrible call with Bill Belichick.
I mean, I still don't understand.
I'll never understand the Malcolm Butler move.
I mean, Butler denied any, you know, curfew breakings or drug use or any of that shit people were talking.
Belichick said it was strictly a football decision.
So if we had to ascertain it was a strictly football decision,
it was a terrible fucking decision.
The guy played 97 of your snaps all year,
and now all of a sudden he's not good enough on this stage.
I just, I don't want to say it cost him the game,
but I think fucking Malcolm Butler would have had a pretty profound effect
on the game more so than the three stiffs who came in in his role
and filled in for him and shit the bed.
So, you know, again.
It was disgusting.
I mean, disgusting.
I lost so much money, too.
I bet him second half.
You know what, though?
Sorry, go ahead.
No, no, I was just giving the puke sound effect for the second half.
Oh, exactly.
And what you said is totally right.
Like, this guy Belichick, he's a genius, right?
Like, you saw the two bills.
That was awesome.
Like, him and Parcells.
And he's just, he fucked up.
Like, it happens to everyone.
I just don't understand.
The guy's so stubborn and his ego's so big, which part of that makes him great.
But when they're sitting there, I don't care if you decide a guy isn't going to play.
He's not good enough.
And I think what was true was what you heard. He had
a tough week of practice. He came in late.
Then he wasn't practicing well. Then apparently he was
flipping out on coaches. So I think all
that stuff's true. And they were like,
all right, I can't trust them.
I can't trust them. Dude, you're getting
ran over in the first half.
Maybe the second half, try something
different. That'd be like putting Glenn Featherstone
against Gretzky in the 90 cup finals
and then later in 80, whatever they play in the cup finals,
and then, like, not, like, and then Gretzky gets five points in that,
and they're like, maybe put Bork on him.
No, we're not that.
We're just going to leave Glenn Featherstone on him.
Like, what the, like, I couldn't believe it.
I was sitting at home.
I was like, what did this guy do?
How many hookers was he with?
What drugs was he doing?
And then it turns out, and by the way, I think it's really true.
It was football because Butler wouldn't come out and say,
listen, I didn't do anything wrong and lie about that
and have the chance for the Patriots to come back
and, like, you know, shitting on his story.
You know what I mean?
Right.
That's what I'm saying.
I think Belichick said it was football.
I think at the end of the day, that's what Belichick's going to say.
But I think under the surface, it was some sort of, like, weird payback.
You know, Butler's had the contract disputes behind closed doors.
He, you know, he could have taken, I think it was four years, 28 million.
He wanted to try to get some more money.
And I don't know, Belichick, I think, sometimes takes that shit a little bit personal.
But, you know, what was baffling, too, is that they didn't, like,
he dressed him to play in the game.
He didn't make him inactive.
He could have used them, never went to him. It was like to play in the game. He didn't make him inactive. He could have used him. It never went to him.
It was like to embarrass him or something.
Bingo.
And I drew the analogy.
Well, I said it reminded me.
And people were like, oh, I don't know.
I think it was Murph or Jimmy Murph.
It was like, you know, it's a terrible comparison.
I brought up Steve Casper.
Remember the time when he benched?
Not benched.
Steve Casper.
No, remember?
He was a coach of the Bruins.
And he dressed nearly Ian Stevens. And he stapled them both to up bench. He started. No, remember, he was a coach of the Bruins, and he dressed nearly Ian Stevens.
And he stapled them both to the bench.
Now, he killed or he hurt his own team because he basically touched two guys you're dressing.
Now, you know, you're short in your bench, and you're just embarrassed of these guys.
So that's what I thought.
Belichick, like, if you put this guy where he still could have played the game and you opted not to use him when his replacements were getting shredded,
then what else would the reason be other than to fucking embarrass the guy, you know?
And I know what you're saying, but comparing Steve Kasper and Belichick is like comparing me and Grinnelly's hockey career.
Like, let's be honest here.
That's a reach.
But I know what you're saying.
But at the same time, dude, what really pissed me off, what really pissed me off and still right now pisses me off is that your ego is
that big and you name your boat seven rings, you're going to get eight.
Well, dude, how about the 51 other guys that you're almost punishing
by not putting in Malcolm Butler, this dude who won a Super Bowl
with this amazing defensive play at the end of the game in Seattle,
and then you're going to punish Tom Brady.
I think of him.
I want him to get six.
And a guy like anyone else.
I mean, Burkhead, all these guys that come to head that you're pretty much punishing
because you have this ego that you're not going to play Butler.
Well, dude, these guys, they put their entire life into every season.
And to have that happen, there's no chance players weren't pissed off.
Players were quite furious about it.
Just a little addendum to the tweet I wrote.
I did make the difference, except this isn't,
it wasn't the Stanley Cup final.
In other words, with Belichick, it was even more egregious
because it was so much more at stake that, you know,
one thing to send a message during a regular season,
shit game, that doesn't mean nothing,
but to do it in the Super Bowl and like you just said,
for his teammates, and he didn't tell them to
like, well, that road dude said
at one interview that he didn't know
until right before the game. I mean, that
seemed like it put the whole defense into
a mental disarray and it put them behind
the eight ball because they were fucking discombobulated.
The team hadn't given up 27 points
since week four. Then they got
fucking shredded out there all day.
And props.
Like, I started props to Philly.
I mean, dude, they played awesome.
Like you said, that guy called great plays.
And Nick Foles, I mean, that's a pretty cool story.
Talk about not giving up.
I mean, I know he went with the Bible-thumping kind of like God stuff,
but if you're going to take anything from it, the guy just never quit, and he was nasty.
So credit to them.
Congrats to Philly.
Fuck you guys.
Yeah.
Hey, like I say, they came in.
They played a great game.
They broke this streak and whatever.
I mean, you know, I was over the game five minutes afterwards.
They'll be back.
The Pats will be back.
They'll be back next year.
Yeah.
Grinnelli, you know what?
That's a good thing because right now, I mean,
who's the favorite to get to the Super Bowl
next year? They're going to have Edelman and Gronk.
And Hightower.
And Hightower's coming back too,
so I'm not worried. Yeah, exactly.
That's great.
I'm with you on that. That makes me feel better.
Did you get waxed on props?
You know,
remember what I said, guys? I wasn't doing any props.
Yeah, I know.
You know what's funny though
I'm such a degenerate I was sitting there
we went over to my buddy's place
there was probably like you know
15 people there and then like they're talking
about their props 10 minutes prior I'm like
gosh I get on my site I'm typing all the props
I had like 7 typed out and I
pressed continue and it was off the board I was like
that's a sign I would have actually won 3 and lost three, so I would have lost a G.
Well, I know you said you wouldn't, but I know, like, that six o'clock rolls around,
you want a little extra action, a little bit of a juice, you know?
Yeah, and that high comes.
It's just like, oh, my God.
Yeah, man.
Absolutely.
Fucking, I'm just glad I hedged my future bet on Philly.
But anyways, yeah, that's enough of the Shoe Bowl talk.
Again, congrats, Philly.
Great game.
Great season.
Now it's good.
We can focus everything on hockey.
And Wednesday night, it came down about 8 o'clock that that fucking scumbag,
Alexander Burroughs, got 10 games for, like, attacking and kneeing our boy Taylor Hall.
I mean, just a wicked dirty, goes after him, tackles him,
and then fucking knees him in the head.
I wish he got more than 10 games, personally.
Yeah, I mean, that was so obviously like,
that's like what you do in fourth grade when you get tackled by some kid.
What is that move during the NHL?
Do you just start kneeing him in the head? doing? You're starting to knee him in the head.
What are you doing?
First of all, Ottawa stinks.
They've been playing better.
Your boy Steve Duchesne is starting to look pretty good.
But, I mean, to a tackle all after the game was like, I think,
or he said it to the media, he was like, yeah, he went nuts there.
He was punching me in the head. And, like, his teammates had to be like, no, dude, he was like, yeah, he went nuts there. He was punching me in the head.
And, like, his teammates had to be like, no, dude, he was kneeing you in the head.
That was his knee, his kneecap, not his knuckle.
I mean, that guy's had so many instances.
He bit Bergeron's hand.
What else did he do?
He pulled Duncan Keith's hair, right?
He pulled hair.
He bit fucking Bergeron.
I mean, those two right there, that's what, like, your little sister does when you're fucking eight years old,
like biting and pulling hair.
And, yeah, he's just always done things.
And I love it.
I tweeted about, I hope he gets the chair thrown at him.
And everyone's, oh, what about fucking Marshawn?
It's like, huh?
Like, what?
I hate that.
We're not fucking talking about Marshawn.
We're talking about one hit that has nothing to do with anything to do with
Marshawn or any other player.
Bring up 19,000 other players.
And then when Marshawn did fuck up, I did call him out and say it was dirty.
So go suck a prick.
I fucking hate that.
Oh, wow.
Grinnelli's slipping.
I love it.
It has nothing to do with anything.
Like, yeah, I dunked on a couple of dorks the other night.
Like, oh, you want to say something with my shirt?
I'm like, yeah, I did, you peckerhead.
So fucking, you know, guys like deleting tweets when I wake up the next day.
Get me all revved up.
Yeah, but you can't dunk on somebody if you're calling them a peckerhead.
That's like an oxymoron.
Peckerhead's done.
Oh, you calling out my lingo now?
All right, well, listen. like an oxymore check ahead done oh oh you calling out my lingo now all right well listen in terms of marshawn and him yeah marshawn's dirty too but like you said like oh if you bring up uh burrows
being dirty and you're a big bruins fan ra like all of a sudden you can't bring up anyone like
people can be like well what about tobe lake i don't know you can bring up any guy just because
a guy i root for is known to be dirty too doesn't mean I can't say this guy's dirty.
And by the way, Marshawn's had some really dirty plays in the suspensions.
We've talked about it.
One, he's 9,000 times the player that Burrows is, like, skill hockey-wise.
And two, he's not even as, like, dirty as him in terms of the kneeing to the head,
although he did kind of kneel James.
Oh, no, James kneeled Marshawn to the head.
Kneeled Marshawn in the head. Neal needs Marshawn. But listen, it's been like, what's a good word to describe what it's been like for Burroughs?
They're just like bitchy moves.
Like you're saying, like a little kid.
What are you doing kneeing somebody in the head?
I don't even know what Hall did either.
Did you see what happened beforehand?
Did you guys see Patrick O'Sullivan's tweet about the whole thing?
He said, fun fact, Alex Burrows goes out of his way in the summer to attend charity events
put on by other players to get people to like him.
It doesn't work.
So I laughed at that, and I thought, okay, I thought back to something.
This is going to sound hilarious or ridiculous, but when I was in Pittsburgh,
this was probably like my rookie or second year,
2006-ish, 2007-ish.
I was on Facebook at the time,
and I got a Facebook friend request from Alex Burrows,
and I was like, no way this is like Alex Burrows, right?
But I accepted anyways.
And then he's writing me, he's like,
your team's really good, man.
And then I was like, oh, this is just some fan trying to be Alex Burrows. right? But I accept it anyways. And then he's writing me, he's like, your team's really good, man. And I was like, oh,
this is just some fan trying to be Alex Burrows. This is so weird.
I never wrote back. But if O'Sullivan
tweets true, it might have been
Burrows trying to meet people on
Facebook around the league to get some friends.
Maybe he was trying to get on chicklets.
No, this is
2006. He didn't even see chicklets in
my horizon yet. Neither did I.
Dude, that's fucking hilarious about going to other players' charities
so many people like you.
I just go back to 2011.
I had never seen  only other time I saw biting in professional sports
that was not Mike Tyson related was when Danny Ainge got bit by Tree Rollins
for the Celtics in like 83 or something.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
But to see it like
when it happened at Bergeron, I mean, it was so clear
what happened that he chomped his finger
out. It's like, that's just something I don't think
you could ever live down as an
NHL player. You bit someone.
That's worse than pulling somebody's hair.
Yeah, that's just embarrassing.
Also, R.A., remind me at the end of this episode, I wanted to ask you,
I have a movie question for you.
So when we talk about that stuff, remind me to ask you.
I will.
Right now, by the way, so it's Wednesday night.
We're recording for everyone at home.
Right now the Bruins are on NBC Sports against the Rangers,
and the Leafs are taking up on the Predators.
The Leafs are up 2-0 right now. so let's see how this plays out when this releases,
because I hammered them tonight.
I hammered them.
Hammered the Leafs.
And I really should just say, right now I feel like a genius,
but we're going to slowly see this develop throughout this podcast,
and I could be a loser by the end of it.
Hey, how about that Bruins puck line on Tuesday night?
That was tough, huh?
Brutal.
Did you have  who'd they  they are.
Who'd they fucking
I didn't  yeah, Detroit made it 3-2 late.
I thought of people when that happened.
Oh, I was  when they missed two empty netters.
Right.
It was bad enough they blew the 3-1 lead because, you know, like I say,
live by the empty net, die by it.
But they had two clean  well, Chavez wasn't a clean shot.
You do say that.
But Krejci had a clean shot at it, and he missed it by six, eight inches.
And those are the ones that sting, like when a guy has a clean shot.
Because you look at what Tim Schaller did last week.
He kind of turned and spun almost and just kind of took a hack at it
and ended up scoring.
And a guy like Krejci is skilled as he is, fucking ganked it.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was a bad beat, but whatever.
Like I say, live by him, die by him.
You know, going to come out in the wash.
We're all going to lose.
In terms of seeing stuff and then thinking of stuff to talk in the podcast,
how about Flurry getting that awesome introduction
or video they played for him in Pittsburgh?
And there was, like, people crying, like, noticeably,
a noticeable high number of people crying in the stands.
They were panning through it with the TV.
I was like, this guy is so loved.
And you could tell he was getting emotional.
Three Stanley cups there.
First overall pick.
I was just so happy for him.
They showed his wife in the stands.
It was really nice.
I think, I don't know if he has a one daughter or two now,
but he's the nicest guy, such a good teammate.
He's ripping it up in Vegas.
And to see that, just having, the nicest guy, such a good teammate. He's ripping it up in Vegas.
And to see that, just having, getting to play with him a little bit,
just, I thought that was such a cool,
because a lot of times in terms of players getting videos nowadays, I think it happens way too often.
Like, I don't think you should get a video on the big screen of you
returning to a team unless you like did some serious work there.
Like Isaiah Thomas is going to get one of those Celtics.
What did he do?
And then like hockey too, even there's been some ones that I'm like, Isaiah Thomas is going to get one of the Celtics? What did he do?
And then, like, hockey, too.
Even there's been some ones that I'm like, I don't know about that.
But Lurie is a very deservingly candidate to have that video,
and it was just cool to see.
Wait, you mean Dwight Howard didn't deserve one from the Atlanta Hawks for his one year he played down there?
No, and I'm ripping on the NBA, but it's happened in the NHL too. I'll think of who
got it. People get them all the time
now. They won
one playoff round. You were there. What were you doing a video
for? Yeah, but going back
to the pregame stuff, that
was a great scene.
Fleury got a little emotional during the game.
And you do wonder if
that affected his mental
psyche going into the game because he'd been on fire like the know, like the whole team's been on fire all season.
But that ended up being quite the shootout, 5-4 Pittsburgh, 1, you know, Tuesday night.
But you do wonder if that, you know, a guy like that, even though he's been around,
he's a veteran, if somehow the nerves come in and, you know, make him have some sort of effect on him.
Well, listen, you say he's been around, he's a veteran, but he's been there for all 12 years.
So it's like it's just as new to him as it would be to anyone.
It's actually tougher because he was in one place for long enough.
So being a veteran wouldn't even kind of help him prepare for that, you know?
Right, exactly.
So, I mean, it was just cool to see.
And then in terms of, like, he was on fire, but the Penguins, they're heating up, man.
Like, that team, everyone was just kind of waiting for them to get going.
And sure enough, they've, like, realized, all right, we can't lose anymore.
We've got to start getting going here, and they're buzzing.
Yeah, you think they just had a little bit of a midseason scuffle that a lot of teams do.
I know they have been on a heater.
They may well catch, you know, Washington for that division lead, too.
They're only four points back right now.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
Oh, and that's what I wanted to bring up to you in terms of catching teams.
The Bruins may catch the lightning.
I laughed at you when you said that,
but there's a chance now that this is a good race.
I mean, Vegas is pretty much running away with the Pacific.
I think they're like 10, 11, 12 points up, somewhere around there.
You know, the Metropolitan will probably go down to like the last game.
I mean, I guess Washington looks good.
But like you said, like all these divisions could come down right to the end,
which is exciting.
Yeah, it's definitely a good race.
I still call it the Northeast, sometimes the Adams, but in the Atlantic, yeah, I know
you kind of goofed on me a few weeks back
when I said the Bruins may
make this a race.
Actually, the Bruins control their fate
not only in the division, but for the
conference now. I mean, basically, they're
two games back of Tampa with
a three-point deficit,
so if they win out their games again,
they'll take the lead, and they'll be not only the number one seed in the division,
but in the conference.
And like I said, I don't think that's something that people were talking
or thinking a few months back.
So it's going to be a great stretch run.
What do you call it?
Trade deadline is just around the corner.
Rick Nash gave his list to the ranges of teams he doesn't want to go to,
which means they can trade him to all the other teams on the list.
Oh, it's not?
Are you sure it's that not the ones he would go to?
I thought I read he gives them a list of teams he won't go to,
and then they'll trade him to any of the other teams.
I could be wrong, but I thought I read that.
Either way, it's getting to that rumor season, I call it.
And this is my yearly reminder that, you know,
trust Bob McKenzie, Elliot Friedman, Darren Drager, Pierre Lebrun.
I would say, though, that's the Mount Rushmore for trusting hockey sources
around this time of year with deadline stuff.
I mean, there are a few other guys who obviously know this shit,
but I don't know.
It's going to be fun, man.
The last couple of years, I think we saw trades before.
What if I break a trade?
What if I break a trade?
You'd be trusting me, right?
Absolutely, yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Have you broken one a trade? What if I break a trade? You'd be trusting me, right? Absolutely, yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
Have you broken one yet?
Okay.
Have you broken one yet?
No.
Okay.
No, but I mean, listen, tomorrow's a new day.
I could be breaking one tomorrow.
I could break one.
I'd hate it if it hasn't happened yet.
I could get a hole-in-one.
I don't have one yet, but I could get one.
I'm a big journalism geek, man.
I love that whole sourcing and beating people to scoops and shit.
I went to school for all that shit, so I love it, man.
And I'd prefer a basketball.
I think it's crazy.
It stresses me out, though, to think of having to get it first.
I'd be stressed every day.
Yeah, it's  oh, actually, Grinnelli just gave me the info.
Yeah, he gave a list of teams he would accept a trade to,
so I butchered that mea culpa.
Either way, trades are going to happen.
It seems like it's almost a given that he's going to be going somewhere.
Rick Nash.
I know Elliott Friedman used Mike Grabner's name as another ranger
that could possibly be getting moved at the deadline.
But what's interesting is, I mean, the Rangers really aren't.
I mean, they're only three points back of the final team of the Wildcats.
So, you know, why are they looking to trade, try to get rid of guys?
Contract reasons?
Are they giving up on the season?
What's your take, Wits?
Yeah, I don't know.
It's a weird time in New York.
And I always hear rumblings about, you know, Ryan McDonough possibly, like, you know,
if teams call, he could be available.
Matt Zuccarello, these guys that have one more year left in their deal,
and you wonder what would happen.
I've actually heard through, like, people I trust, Big J Journal,
that the owner, like, doesn't love Ryan McDonough, which makes no sense to me.
I mean, he seems like the type of leader you'd want to be the owner of a team.
I don't know.
Maybe he's not offensive enough or who knows.
So you could see something going on there.
I mean, the Rangers are in this weird spot.
It's like you got Lundqvist for what, two, three more years?
I mean, he's already had tough starts the last two years,
and then he's been awesome.
So I shouldn't say that he looks like he's ready to be done,
but he's getting a little older.
What do you do with him?
Do you try to win in the next two, three years?
If you're trading Nash and these other guys,
it seems like they're kind of not rebuilding.
I mean, it's different now.
You do it on the fly.
But the deadline now is so different
because I feel like there was a little run,
even when I was playing, when there was like 30 trades.
And I'm throwing out a number here,
but I'm pretty sure at least one or two of the years,
it was like over 25, 30 trades.
And now it seems like stuff like, I think in the next two weeks there'll be trades.
And then the deadline day comes and you're just kind of like, ah, damn, like it wasn't
as exciting as it used to be.
Um, I do think that leading up though, will be exciting just because of the guys that
are available.
You hear now, I'm sorry, Kane in Buffalo and like, where will he end up?
He could make a big difference.
Um, I just, I just don't like,
it's tough to just even bring up what's going to happen because they,
like you said, they're all rumors.
It's like people, they like just, it's basically,
I guess it's for stuff like the podcast we're doing to just chuck different
scenarios around, but I just never even want to do it.
Cause it's like, then what are the chances that happens?
Probably slim to none.
And then you just talking about something that wasn't even a possibility to
begin with.
Right. And it's kind of in my policy, whatever,
as a Plataenia, Plata, or a Boston,
I really generally don't traffic in rumors because
they're just bullshit. Someone will ask,
oh, I heard this, and I'm like,
well, where'd you hear it? Oh, I heard it from, who's that
fucking, that
account, what's his name? He's on Twitter.
He always makes rumors up every year. You know who I'm talking
about, Grinelli? He's got a...
Were you just going to call him a peckerhead and you didn't?
No, actually, you know what word I used last
night in Ruiz? Nimrod. That was
the word I used last night.
That's worse! That's worse!
Grinnelli, what do you think of Nimrod?
Is it Lindbergh or something? Or Pally?
Eklund. Pally Eklund.
I think that's
like hockey rumors or something. It's like a legit fake site. Yeah, people cite I think that's like hockey rumors or something.
It's like a legit fake site.
People cite him.
That's the first thing I say to people. Where did you hear this from?
Well, A, B, C, D. Okay, well, who's he
citing? It's pretty easy to
chuck most of that shit out the window as
garbage dog shit rumors.
Actually, one other quick team, taking a
look at the stats.
I know our buddy Chief hasn't written a Blackhawks are dead blog yet,
but should he be prepping that?
Blackhawks, seven points back of the last spot in the wild card of the West.
They've been kind of falling apart at the seams a little bit
the last season and a half.
Do you think the Blackhawks are done,
and do you think Quenville's job is safe, Wits?
I mean, I don't see how you fire Quenville, right?
I mean, I guess when you do something like that in a city organization,
I feel like you're almost unfireable.
That sounds stupid, I admit it,
but I feel like they couldn't fire him after this year.
That just seems crazy to me.
Now, granted, last year they got swept in the first round,
and this year they're probably not going to make the playoffs i mean it's crazy this is what happens
though you you you pay you pay guys all this money when they deserve it after winning titles and then
they they're kind of get old pretty quick and then they're making bank for i mean see brooks making
like 6.8 or whatever the next five six years whatever it is and how do you get out of that i
mean it's almost like whenever you have a say a dynasty which i guess they kind of were modern
day dynasty like you're gonna end up having times when you struggle after because you have to pay
these stars that you're not gonna let go and then at some point they get older it's just surprising
to see it's happened this quick and listen like people don't talk about they don't have hosa so
i mean hosa's 30 goals last year.
That guy's an all-time great.
He'll be in the Hall of Fame.
And they lost him out of nowhere before the year.
They've actually gotten great production from some certain rookies.
Like that hit of Strosen, he's been good when he called up.
And I'm drawing a complete blank right now.
The smallest righty.
He's also a rookie.
What's his name?
Debrinkit.
Alex Debrinkit. Debrinkit. God, what rookie. What's his name? Debrinkit. Alex Debrinkit.
God, what an NHL analyst.
Jesus. Debrinkit. Yeah, he's been
great, and Kane's awesome, but
Kane's kind of struggled a little.
It's just a weird time.
Also, Crocker being hurt,
it kind of kills them. That guy's unreal.
So, I mean,
what do they do from here? I don't know.
They have some serious questions to kind of try to figure out
because it's like, what have you done for me lately?
They had this amazing run.
Well, if all of a sudden you're going to be shit now,
it's like, what happened to the Blackhawks?
I mean, I guess people will be happy because they won't be on NBC as much.
People always complain when the Blackhawks are on NBC.
They'll still have every win at the Classic, though.
That's another thing people complain about.
Yeah, I mean...
Oh, also, we were talking
websites quick. I forgot to throw out
to the HockeyDB
guy, remember the time I said if you
misspell a guy's name by one
letter, you can't get it, so it's like a hard
website? Well, the guy wrote me back
on Twitter, someone that had mentioned
me in a tweet about that issue
and he's like, I've worked really hard to fix that the past
couple years and I checked and it is actually
working way better. So you can misspell
names on Hockey TV. I didn't want to dog him and
not come out and tell everyone that
he actually fixed that issue.
Nice. The Boston bloggers will be psyched because spelling
is not exactly the best for
another. Yeah.
I can't spell anything right.
Another NHL issue that is becoming, like, more ridiculous by the night,
it seems like, is this  what is a goal?
And it's driving me insane.
Like, when is it goal interference?
When is it not?
Nobody knows.
Coaches are coming out saying they don't know.
GMs don't even have a clue it's
basically worse than what is a catch in the nfl it's like it's the nhl version of that and it's
mind-numbing because you know what's going to happen is until they figure this out it's going
to get into the playoffs and then it's going to make a huge difference in an enormous game and
people are going to be furious because you just don't know what the rule is. And Elliott Friedman, we always talk about his 30 thoughts.
He's going to guess I'm spitting chicken.
It's not a big deal.
He writes 30 thoughts every Wednesday.
I checked it out today.
And he says that there's a good idea from one GM, I think it was an unnamed guy,
but that they should do, remember when they used to do the videos of suspensions?
I think they still do them.
They do the videos of the suspensions and they have someone talking
and explaining why they got that certain amount of games.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
So they want to do that.
GM saying that they should do it, not publicly,
but just go out to the GMs and every night there's
a non-goal
or a goal call and goal interference.
Do a video and explain what's going on
and at least show all the GMs who can show
the coaches and the players because it's
stupid now. It's worse than the off-sides
rule, wouldn't you say?
I don't
know if it's worse than the off-sides rule, but
just because there's just like no consistency
whatsoever. I think with the off-sides rule,
I mean, there's...
It's a little more cut and dried
because you can actually see it and say, okay,
that puck was over the line or that puck wasn't
over the line, even if they fucked it up.
And it affects the play so much less.
Well, yeah, that too, but it's kind of black and white,
whereas the goalie interference thing, I think there's a little bit of subjectivity in there.
Like, for example, when the Bruins played the Blues the other day,
and who was playing that?
Yeah, the Blues got screwed there, I thought.
You know, Jake Allen, I thought, you know, he got, I don't know if he got hit the field.
He got taken out of the play from DeBrusque.
They called it a goal on the ice.
They reviewed it.
They didn't bring it back.
And I think what, you know, what I'm going to get into with the subjectivity is Jake Allen didn't look like he was, like, rushing to get back into the play.
Like, he almost, like, realized, oh, yeah, it was a goal.
Like, you know what I'm saying? So I don't know if the body language, like subconsciously tells the ref,
like, yeah, well, if he didn't think it was interference,
then it probably wasn't interference.
You know what I'm saying?
Because he didn't react like a goalie reacts when he's interfered
with on his goal.
He really was kind of slow getting back.
I mean, I know that's just one example.
But, you know, I think there's just too much of a gray area where one guy,
you know, sees, like, interference and another guy's like, well, you know,
I don't think it was that way, but it sure does suck.
Okay. But they have, but, but they have the,
but they have the refs looking at the replay and deciding on an iPad at the,
at the bench. And, and they have this room in Toronto with like,
say 10 guys working at it that have all these angles. It's like,
it just makes no sense. And like you said, the offside rule, you can tell,
offside, onside, one or the other.
You know what the call is going to be.
And this one, you really don't know,
but maybe they can try to figure out
some rules that you do know.
When you see a replay, right now,
I think it's annoying to fans to have a play
with some goalie contact or whatever it is,
and every fan sits at home and says,
I don't really know if that's going to be a goal or not.
You can't really say.
And a lot of times, you're confident that it is,
and it's the other one.
So it's insane. Or I guess if you're a goalie and you want to make sure they call be a goal or not. You can't really say. And a lot of times you're confident that it is, and it's the other one. So it's insane.
Or I guess if you're a goalie and you want to make sure they call it a goal
every time, you could just call the ref a nimrod,
and he'd be like, fuck you, that's a goal again.
And then delete his tweet.
Actually, what's his face?
I know Wednesday night, Patrice Bergeron got his 23rd.
It's one of those goals where Hank Lundquist might want back.
And, you know, we were talking earlier, I wonder if he's a guy that they'll
ever consider trading if they're out of the race, man.
It's going to be interesting.
Lundquist, oh, my God.
That would be a big story right there.
Yeah, I don't think.
Who knows?
Who knows what's going to happen?
I mean, I think that the Rangers will probably make some sort of move.
It seems like they usually do.
And where they're at right now, it seems like something has to be done.
They also have a lot of guys injured, too.
Yeah, the trade season is upon us.
Dwight Van Elst.
Well, hey, wait, wait.
You mentioned Friedman's 30 thoughts.
He also brought up you and the 30 thoughts
and a little prank that Marc-Andre Fleury pulled on you a couple years ago.
Yeah, I forgot to bring that up when talking about Fleury.
You're right, Grinnelly.
Good job.
That prank, first of all, I loved it.
I mixed into something Fleury was talking about on this big return to Pittsburgh.
Ryan Whitney's name snuck in the back door because he threw a fish in my car.
That's a way to be remembered.
Not only am I remembered, I didn't even feel like I even did the prank.
I got pranked on.
I'm that guy.
I get remembered because I was pranked on.
Dude, my car stunk.
And I was like, what is this?
What the fuck?
He, like, put it underneath something in the trunk or something.
I was so mad.
And it stunk.
So I think he actually bathed at it, like, professionally cleaned it. Reek. Underneath something in the trunk or something. I was so mad. And it stunk so bad.
I think he actually bathed at it, like, professionally cleaned it.
Ripe.
What kind of fish was it?
Did he buy it, like, did he catch it?
No, I don't know if he caught it.
He went to the Allegheny River and caught it.
It was a one-eyed fish and put it in my car.
I don't know.
Are you sure it wasn't the Monagahila?
Oh, dude.
So, Fleury was a nonstop prankster.
He would do things constantly just to mess with people.
And it's so funny because goalies, usually they're just quiet.
Fleury's around sticking gum in people.
He would stick those pieces of double bubble in the very end of your gloves,
and you couldn't get them out and couldn't get your fingers in.
He just fucked with guys all the time. It was hilarious.
Have you ever seen a situation where a prank got out of control
where a guy, either the prank may have
been a little bit over the line or a guy
was a little bitch about it and just
overreacted? Ever see a situation come
out of control from that?
Oh my
God, yeah. I mean, I've seen
guys that flip out, right if you have like
tape on the bottom of your skate like you have tape on the ball you put clear tape on the bottom
of a guy's skate then he goes out and like actually takes a digger like his knee buckles against the
board you're like oh my god and then you can never you can never tell him who did it ever
i mean like this guy's gonna kill me at one point I remember me and Malone used to just fire pucks, like, hard passes on the ice.
That guy skates, like, skating around at the beginning of practice.
And then one time, I forget who it was.
It might have been Orpik.
Maybe Scuderi.
I don't remember.
But, like, I think Malone just drilled him and his blade broke
and then he had to leave practice.
And then he's flipping out at that point.
It's like, when you cause me to actually have to take my skate off,
I'm going to be furious.
But nothing ever, like, too serious.
Yeah, no nuts checked over someone's, like,
shoes getting nailed into the floor or something like that.
No, no.
I actually have a great  I'm going to throw a little tease here.
I have an amazing prank story,
but I actually have to find out if I can tell the story.
So in the next week, I'm going to find out if I'm allowed to tell the story.
And I think I will be able to, and we can check back in.
Official line for Wednesday night, Hank Lundquist.
Four goals given up on 16 shots.
He got yanked in the second.
And he's got, looking at his card track, after this season, three more years at 8.5 per.
So, whatever, just throwing that out there.
All right, now time for our weekly segment
in which we answer listeners' questions.
Starting off with All right, Hamilton.
Mikey, question number one.
All right, boys.
Lil Dusty asked,
if you had to cast James Bond
in a villain from NHL players
to be 007, who would you choose?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh.
007, who would you choose? All right, Hamilton. Oh. 007.
Steve Eisenman kind of feels like a 007.
He's handsome as shit.
Good-looking guy.
Nasty player.
Smooth.
Winner.
Alpha.
Steve Eisenman's a good 007.
He's my favorite player growing up, too, so I guess that's probably me being a little biased.
Enemy or villain?
Villain.
That's a great one.
Oh, I got a villain.
Evgeny Artukhin.
Do you guys remember who that is?
Name kind of rings a bell.
I'm not sure we talked about him on the show, but fill us in.
Evgeny Artukhin played for Tampa Bay.
I played with him in Anaheim.
6'3", 265 pounds,
maybe the fastest player in the league,
Russian animal psycho when he wanted to be,
and he was mean-looking.
He looked like he was the only man
to ever walk out of Chernobyl.
That's what I used to say.
That's a fucking funny call.
He would be
a villain and a half.
I played against him in the KHL and he would kill
people. I remember the first time we
played against the team, he was playing for
St. Petersburg. I skated
onto the ice. I was like, Artie, Artie.
Almost like, remember me?
Remember me, buddy? We're buddies.
Don't fucking hammer me through the
boards from behind tonight, bud.
He's like, hey, wait, wait. I'm like, oh.
And he still kind of ran me that night.
I just got right out of the way.
All right, I'm going to go with
James Bond.
He's someone suave, debonair, nice
dressing, cannon of a shot.
I'll go with P.K. Subban.
I know there's been a lot of chatter.
You're going with Black 007?
I like it.
Yeah, I mean, it's a fictional guy.
I know there's been a lot of chatter to get Idris Elba, Idris Elba,
to make him one of the first Black Bond.
But I think P.K. would be a good pick.
And as far as a villain, we're going to keep with the theme of Alex Burrows,
and we'll make him the villain,
and he can replace Jaws from the early original Bonds.
I could see that.
I could see that. Oh, you know who would be a great 007?
Are you saying that if they
wanted to have a black 007
James Bond, it should be the guy who was in the
Y or Stringer Bell?
There's been a lot of talk about it
the last few years.
Oh, okay, okay, okay.
That's what I figured.
That guy's a sick actor.
If you had to ask me, I'd choose Eric Carlson as Bond.
And the villain would either be Chara, because he's kind of a weird-looking dude,
or Ovechkin, just from that ESPN commercial when he's like the robot.
That's what thinks of mine.
Oh, yeah, the Russian that comes down from the ceiling?
Yeah, exactly.
Grinnelli, I like Carlson to be a 007. That's a thinks of mine. Oh, yeah. It's the Russian that comes down from the ceiling. Yeah, exactly.
Grinnelli, I like it.
Carlson's a good 007.
That's a really good one.
Very handsome.
You should have asked.
Sorry, buddy.
It's all good.
All right.
So Nick Gomez asks, besides hockey, which sport would you choose to win the big game in and how would you want to win a Super Bowl TD catch or pick, World Series home run, you
know, something like that?
All right.
Howlton. That's. All right, Hamilton.
That's a good question, too.
What, you want to go first?
That's a great one.
That's a great one.
Oh, this is so tough, man.
Yeah, I mean. I mean, right to my head.
Listen, I'm down here golfing.
I'm obsessed with golf.
I think I'd drain a 30-footer at a Yanni scene at Augusta.
I think that'd be it.
I really do.
Member for life.
Thanks for coming.
But I think also, more than anything,
because I grew up and I played baseball and I loved it,
I think hitting a walk-off Joe Carter home run
to win the World Series would actually be the coolest thing ever
for the Red Sox in Boston, then head out to the greatest bar.
It's not a big deal.
Let's go.
That's a great, that is a great question.
Good answer to it.
I mean,
Joe Carter,
man,
that,
that he lived out
every little American
boy's dream in 93.
I remember I was,
I was at my first
like semester
living off campus.
I was tripping my socks
off on mushrooms
watching that game
and I was like,
holy shit.
I'm like,
dude,
this guy just lived
out every kid's
fucking dream.
Like,
you know,
like a world series
winning fucking home run. That was a phenomenal moment. But I swear to God, dude, this guy just lived out every kid's fucking dream. Like, you know, like a World Series winning fucking home run.
That was a phenomenal moment.
But I swear to God, man, I do know what it's like to hit a game winning three in an insignificant basketball game.
BNBL 91.
No big deal.
Not a big deal.
But hitting a game winning fucking shot.
I just puked.
Oh, no.
Someone else is getting some shine.
Game winning three at the buzzer.
Say game seven, triple overtime, three-point shot down two to, like,
you know, win a playoff series, win a title.
That would be a great thing.
Doing for the Celtics at the Garden.
Or Jordan.
Jordan buried the game-winner to win the NCAA title.
Although I think that was just, like, more seconds left.
I don't know if that was at the buzzer.
Yeah, I think that was another second or two left.
Oh, that's a great question, dude.
Yeah, that was a good one.
I mean, there's so many.
I mean, yeah, I could think about that all night.
I like baseball just because you have that second where, I mean,
you have that like, you know, 20 seconds where it's only you,
where you're the only guy running around the base pass
and everyone's cheering for you.
All eyes are on you.
Actually, I would be
Steve Nebraska from the Scout
when you strike out 27,
your first ever start in the World Series for the Yankees
and you come in in a helicopter from the roof.
Wow, you just dropped a
fucking Scout reference out of nowhere.
Actually,
you did say you had a movie question for what's a little later in the show you said to remind you of.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know if you tweeted something about Blazing Saddles.
Yes.
Go ahead.
Okay, so I haven't seen Blazing Saddles, but I've been told by 100 people that it's one of the funniest movies of all time.
Is that true?
Oh, absolutely.
Yeah, you guys get dribbled.
We talked about it a couple episodes ago, and you guys, neither one of you had seen it.
And our listeners were having a field day on YouTube.
But, yeah, because it was 44 years ago today it was released, I believe.
I saw it on Twitter.
Definitely one of my top three comedies of all time.
Again, I don't know if it's going to have that situation where, like, when KFC watched it.
We talked about this?
We talked about this?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, jeez, man.
I thought I was fucking burned.
Where was I on that one?
With KFC, like, when he finally watched The Godfather, he was like, eh, underwhelming.
And it's like, well, yeah, because you've been hearing how good it was for 45 years, and you
probably had these expectations in your head.
And, you know, that might be a similar
thing if you decide to watch Blazing Saddles. You might
be like, oh, it wasn't that funny. But, you know,
like I always say, when you're watching an old movie,
you have to put it in the context of when it came out
and what kind of things preceded it.
And, you know, Blazing Saddles was,
you know, not a lot of movies made
in the 70s were tackling racism and, you know, bigotry in such a, like, subversive, hilarious way. Well, you know, Blazing Saddles was, you know, not a lot of movies made in the 70s were tackling racism and, you know, bigotry in such a, like, subversive, hilarious way.
Well, you know, actually using words you don't typically hear when they're making fun of it and words you wouldn't really hear in a movie in the same context today.
But it's a brilliant movie, man.
And I think, you know, up there with Animal House and probably Airplane are my top three comedies ever.
I'm going to
check this out because I've heard
that too.
The jokes would never
be in movies now.
This is coming back to me. I remember this conversation.
I will be checking out Blazing Paddles.
Yeah, Cleavon Little,
Gene Wilder, they just have some
great comic chemistry.
The script is unbelievable. There's just like the script is unbelievable.
There's a lot going on, man.
I actually kind of want to watch it now that we're fucking talking about it.
It's like talking about a place that has been free.
We're going to get a live tweet of Blazing Saddles tonight at 3 in the morning.
From you or me?
From you.
Yeah.
I'll queue it up a little bit.
So, we got any more for ARHs or is that it, Cornelius?
We do have one more, and it's from Jack Kaiser who asks,
have you guys heard of any players with any weird or crazy, bizarre off-ice hobbies?
All right, Hamilton.
I know a hobby.
I can't say the guy's name.
And this is a guy who was in the league 25 years ago.
You know, I know a guy who played with him or played against him.
What, like doing drugs?
No, that's nothing really unusual.
I mean, you know, drugs or whatever.
I don't know about drugs.
No, this guy and his wife were supposedly swingers.
Like they would like to have sex with other couples and do that whole swinging thing.
Oh, is that what a swinger is?
Is that what a swinger is?
I'll explain it to the people, listeners out there, Wits.
I know you swing, and, you know, that's your, you like to do it.
No judgment here.
But some of our listeners may not be familiar with the concept of swinging.
It's more of a 70s, 80s thing.
Imagine they used to have key parties for swingers back in the 70s, Wits, where you would show up.
They still do at a place in Hingham.
At a place in Hingham in the South Shore,
they still do, I've been told.
Put your keys in a bowl and whoever pulls them out,
that's who you're going to fucking bump uglies with?
That's fucking some pretty wild shit, man.
Holy shit.
I mean, that's just
bizarro world right there.
Anyways, I heard a guy and his wife were swingers.
What about you
What's the weirdest
Off ice thing
I can't
Honestly I can't even
Think of it
Like I think hunting's weird
So hunting I guess
I mean that's so popular
But
I killed a bird once
With a BB gun
And felt horrible
So
I don't
I don't
I don't really
Can't think of anything else
I'm trying to think of
Like somebody paints
Or something
But I can't even
I don't even remember right now
That would be a really weird
one. Wouldn't it be if somebody was a painter
in the offseason?
I don't know. I would think that a lot of guys
or some guys might be soothing for them.
Just something like an offseason thing
that completely takes their mind away from
hockey. I don't know. I'm surprised
more guys don't have artistic endeavors.
You're starting to see a lot of guys DJ.
I feel like you're starting to see a bunch of NHL guys start to DJ.
Yeah, because that's probably just because they all want to get laid.
No, that's just because I'll take a molly.
No, I mean, I think that, like, hobbies, yeah, it's true.
I mean, there's definitely some different ones out there.
Oh, I know guys who, like, meditate.
Like, they'll meditate and not talk for, like, two days.
That's kind of weird.
It's probably really good for you but i could never do it yeah you gotta get some
really good kush kush to keep me quiet for that long i don't even think that's possible no probably
not although you're not wanting to talk um all right i think that wraps it up for this week's
all right hamilton this week's all right hamilton is brought to you by SeatGeek. Guys, you know, it's that time of year.
Playoffs are going to be here soon enough.
Celtics games are in full swing.
No more football, unfortunately.
But, you know, we're going to be having to buy a lot of tickets soon.
Summer's going to be here.
Concerts and stuff like that before you know it.
You know, and sometimes it can be complicated and confusing,
but there's always a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek's the smartest, easiest way to get tickets for every type of live event,
whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift,
trying to get a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
like the Penguins and Sid Crosby if you're Whitney over here.
SeatGeek helps find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
You're not dealing with those dirtbags out in front of the garden
who are trying to swindle you, take your money, hide around the corner, and you beat.
No, that doesn't happen on SeatGeek.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek's going to get you closer to the action at great value.
I know Mikey likes to do that and then go out for a few pups after.
I mean, I got the SeatGeek app on my phone.
It's by far the easiest way I've found to shop for tickets.
I can be anywhere, a couple of taps, and boom, I find seats.
I actually just used SeatGeek
to buy tickets for the Bees game last week.
Blues were in town, had a controversial
goal we talked about in this episode.
But I had great seats, great value. I knew
exactly what I was getting because I deal with SeatGeek
all the time. They're designed to make your
ticket buying experience easier than ever.
It saves you time and money by
searching multiple ticket sites
to compare prices and find amazing deals.
And to get the most bang for your buck, Grinnelli, SeatGeek grades every ticket based on value
to help you immediately identify the best seats that fit your budget.
Don't want to spend more than 100? Tell them.
They tailor that to your needs.
It's a great little site, great little site, great big site, great app.
Love using it.
Plus, every purchase is fully guaranteed.
You're not going to get beat at all. Something should go aw every purchase is fully guaranteed. You're not going to get beat at all.
Something should go awry.
Everything's guaranteed.
You're never going to get screwed.
You can shop for tickets on SeatGeek with confidence.
So make it your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket,
from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Listen up, Wits.
Listen up, Grinelli.
Best of all, our listeners get 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase. Just download
the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today. That's promo code Hockey for 20 off your
first SeatGeek purchase. SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone. And before we
wrap it up here, I just want to let you know that this week's All Right Hamilton is also brought to
you by Tommy John. You know, Valentine's Day is coming up.
I know some of us struggle to find gifts.
I personally would love to get some more Tommy John boxes.
I tried these out a few weeks ago.
Super comfortable, man.
They're super comfortable.
They're a great fit.
They keep everything that you need in a nice, tight package, no pun intended.
You know, Tommy John wants to help guys to look and feel incredible, feel comfortable in all their layers.
And I do, man.
I love these boxes.
I've got to get some more pairs of them.
Valentine's Day is probably the only day of the year where you want to be caught with your pants down.
So lose those old, tattered boxes that you probably had since college.
They probably got Los Angeles Dodgers logos on them or some stupid-ass college thing.
It's honestly the last thing a lady wants to see when you got her all turned on.
Valentine's Day, she doesn't want to see your college boxes.
So it's a great gift.
The limited edition Valentine's Day gift sets are available now on TommyJohn.com.
It's the men's clothing brand that's redefining comfort for guys everywhere, including myself.
It's the most stylish, comfortable, and functional underwear on the planet.
The legs never ride up, the waistband
never rolls down, and their intuitive, horizontal
quick-draw fly will blow you away.
Easy access, boys. It's very
comfortable, very easy to get to what you
need to do. And it's impossible to get
a wedgie, perhaps the best part.
Tommy John's got more than just the world's most
comfortable, functional, mind-blowing underwear.
Check out their new Go Anywhere clothing
line. It takes you from desk to date in a flash. And don't forget about their soft-as-silk, second-skin t-shirts. Thank you. No adjustment needed. Hire you to TommyJohn.com now and shop limited edition Valentine's Day gift sets.
Plus, get 20 off your first order with promo code CHICKLETS.
That's promo code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, for 20 off at TommyJohn.com.
TommyJohn.com.
You know what?
Before we go, the Olympics are starting up.
So, one, go Team USA.
It's a pretty cool story, all these guys.
We've talked about it.
It'll be interesting to watch that.
Two, gambling for the Olympics is really fun because there's events every night,
and you don't know what you're doing, but it makes the Olympics way better.
Like, I hammered the Jamaican bombs on you.
Okay, John Candy.
Now, will you bet just random, like, you know, skeleton, curl,
and it's like, will you bet anything,
or do you need to have some sort of insight before you bet it,
or you just don't give a fuck?
Yeah, something like this, I'll just be like,
oh, that short track speed skating, that guy from Taiwan, he looks really quick.
I'm going to take him, and then I'll take the German, big German, to play second.
And that'll be my action for tonight, watching an NBC.
There's nothing like some nationalistic gambling.
Like, I love gambling on the U.S.
I'll gamble on the U.S. and everything.
Even if they're the worst underdogs, I'll pick them.
Yeah, and it's like you can gamble on the U.S. wearing your, like, back-to-back World War champs hat.S. and everything. Even if they're the worst underdogs, I'll pick them. Yeah. It's like you can gamble in the U.S. wearing your back-to-back World War
Champs hat and USA Dream Team basketball jersey.
Exactly.
Yeah, they're over under.
I'm looking at 10.5 gold medals is the number for the United States.
If you bet the over, the juice is minus 140.
If you take under 10.5, it's plus 110.
If you bet over the juices, minus 140. If you take under 10.5, it's plus 110.
I think they'll probably limit those similar to the way they do with prop bets.
Yeah.
I don't know if you can, like...
Yeah, you can't put, like, 15 fucking grand on.
Like a Chinese speed skater that you like.
Yeah, that don't happen.
You probably couldn't in Vegas, but maybe not around here.
No, honestly, even Vegas, they cap those things because there is a possibility that, you know,
word could get out, you know, because it's, you know, people do know what the secrets are.
Well, there's judges.
Some of them, there's judges.
So it's like so, you know, there's no, like, definite answer.
You don't know what's going to happen.
Yeah. I mean, like, for example, like, I like definite answer. You don't know what's going to happen. Yeah.
I mean, like, for example, like, I mean, I know you don't bet the Oscars,
but I like to throw a few shekels on the old Academy Awards.
And, you know, I can't bet more than 200 on prop bets for those, you know.
Like when I cleaned up the year Crash won Best Picture, a little reminiscent.
Yeah, Crash was a pretty good flick.
Crash was a pretty good flick. Crash is a pretty good flick.
It all came together at the end.
Yeah, it's not that...
It was more like betting
what I thought was going to win,
not necessarily that it was
the best pitch of that year.
I just figured all the old fogey voters
would be scared of Brokeback Mountain
and they'll go with Crash.
So if I can pop that one for about 18 minutes.
And on that, I gotta go.
I wish I could quit you, Wits.
We started with, we mentioned the score,
and you canceled it with some real brokeback action.
So I'm going to go over to Tiger Woods Restaurant,
where there definitely wasn't the brokeback action.
It was actually brokeback in a different way with Tiger from back in the day.
So peace out, boys.
It's great talking to you once again.
Always a good one, Wits.
Have fun. We'll talk to you later again. Always a good one. Let's have fun.
We'll talk to you later.
Everyone have a great weekend.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace. You're still damn good No one's gotten to you yet
