Hey, Spit and Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This week's episode of Spit and Chicklets is brought to you by Death Wish.
How far would you go to protect your family?
Well, MGM Pictures presents director Eli Roth's reimagining of the 1974 revenge classic thriller Death Wish starring Charles Bronson.
Bruce Willis plays a surgeon whose wife and
daughter are attacked and he seeks revenge.
Unfortunately, the police can't help
him out so he has to take matters into his own
hands. Death Wish is in theaters on
March 2nd. I personally can't wait to see
it. I love the original. Charles Bronson
made a great flick back in the day. A couple
of crazy sequels. Big Bruce
Willis fan myself. I mean, everybody
loves Bruce Willis, whether it's Die Hard, Pulp Fiction, Look Who's Talking.
Everybody's a Bruce Willis fan.
The movie does look badass.
Some great action in it.
You got to go see it on the big screen.
I know a lot of times we like to watch things at home, but this is one you need to see on the big screen.
It's got Bruce Willis.
It's got Elizabeth Shue of Adventures in Babysitting fame.
Also, Cocktail.
Vincent D'Onofrio, you know him from Full Metal Jacket.
Dean Norris, Mike Epps, Camilla Munro, bunch of great actors.
You want to check it out.
Death Wish, coming up there March 2nd.
Be there. Thank you.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode... Mario Lemieux.
Josh Hosang.
Mario Lemieux.
Of Spittin' Chickas, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Ryan Whitney.
What up?
What up?
What up?
What's up, boys?
Mikey Grinelli.
Yeah, so it's a disgusting morning in Boston, and we just watched the United States of America
lose to Slovenia.
Yeah, Wednesday.
Not Slovakia.
Wednesday morning was a rough start for the U.S. at the Olympics.
Jesus Christ, man.
I was so rattled. I mean, first of all, let's quickly say that Slovenia has 131, I believe, registered hockey players in their entire country.
That's including kids.
Are you shitting me?
And it's smaller than New Jersey.
And it's above Croatia.
And I'm so upset.
I mean, listen, I'm a USA hockey guy.
It's in my blood. But this is, listen, I'm a USA hockey guy. It's in my blood.
But this is, oh my God, they're up.
They looked good, 2-0.
And then I will say Slovenia, they play together like all year, right?
I don't know where they play.
There's two rinks in their country, I think.
So maybe they just kind of go back and forth between each rink to show the whole country their style of games.
But I don't really know what to say besides the fact that they're really in trouble now.
Russia lost, too.
Or I'm sorry, the Olympic athletes representing Russia.
They lost to Slovakia.
Team Icarus.
So maybe Slovenia and Slovakia will be moving on from their group.
But it was ugly.
Yeah.
Slovenia, it's one of these countries that the last several international competitions,
they've seen that they have gotten incrementally better.
Andrzej Kopitar.
Remember Switzerland was awful 20 years ago,
and they're not a competitor for the gold, but they're a much better team.
Their gold tenon's gotten better.
And Slovenia, their team, I don't think people even heard of them 15 years ago.
And then Andrzej Kopitar kind of put them on the map a little bit.
He's Slovenian.
He was hyped to the Slovenian Crosby, Sidney Crosby, when he was younger.
But he moved to Sweden when he was young because there's no
I mean, I think for an elite player like that, even when you're 14, 15,
whenever he left the country for Sweden.
But, you know, I still just  I don't understand that.
So Chris Bork made the team.
He barely played.
He played on the power play, looked unbelievable.
He's one of the best players in the AHL.
You could probably get him some more ice time.
And I thought the best players for the United States were Donato and Troy Terry
and a kid from BU, Jordan Greenway.
All young guys, not a coincidence.
I mean, it's cool that a lot of these guys Got to go to the Olympics
But I still
And I said it earlier
It should be
You should have taken
More kids from college
Now I don't know how
For people that aren't
From Boston
The Beanpot was played
Last week
Northeastern won
Their first Beanpot
In 30 years
30 years it took you
To win a fucking tournament
With four teams in it
Good job
But congrats to them
So the kid
Adam Gaudette
is unreal. He's a stud. Fifth round pick
from Vancouver.
Stud. I mean, looks like he's going to be the
Hoey Baker winning leading scorer in the country.
He's the best player in the country this year.
How does he not make the team?
So I don't understand.
You know, you should have looked
to more guys playing World Junior
and you should have looked to more guys playing World Junior,
and you should have looked to a couple more college guys to get the skill level up. And there's some really good players that are playing in Europe.
But in terms of skill level, a guy like Godet, he's going to play in the NHL.
I mean, there's guys like Ryan Donato.
You saw it in that game.
He kind of had a rough play on the game winner.
He kind of got caught puck watching.
But it just frustrates me to see that I think they left some talent at home.
Not necessarily, I mean skill.
You know what I mean?
They left some skill at home.
And you saw them only get two goals against Slovenia.
Not Slovakia.
Slovenia.
And it was unfortunate.
So as a former Team USA member yourself, what are the guys saying in the room after the game today?
Are they like, oh shit,, the back's against the wall
because this is a game we should have had?
Yeah, pretty much.
I think you then know you have to win every game.
I mean, only two teams move on from each.
I think, is it two teams from each?
Yeah, two teams from each group move on.
So Russia losing is good, but, I mean,
that means you've got to beat Slovakia,
you've got to beat Russia, or OAR.
And because of that, it's just all of a sudden,
I mean, they're down but
they're also realizing this is a short term you got to get turned around pretty quick I mean they've
only had six practices together uh shout out to Pierre Maguire for somehow getting into the
broadcast this morning the name of the rink manager for the St. Lawrence Academy rink that was amazing
to hear but I mean he mentioned they only had six practices and the the first one was horrible, and then they got better and better.
But still, that's not a lot of time.
No, and like you said, Slovenia, they play together all the time.
It's their team that they're used to each other.
They know where to be.
And Team USA, I mean, we kind of talked about it when we had the kids on
during the World Junior, Brady, Kachuk, and Middlestad.
You know, you were kind of saying
Middlestad would be dirty.
Exactly, and it was just like you wonder what the guys who made up the team,
what the philosophy was where they got, you know, like a lot of...
I mean, you know, you got a guy like John who's been retired from the NHL for years
and you got guys from the AHL that just didn't seem to be like any sort of like rhythm to make on the team.
Like I said, why weren't there more young college studs on the team?
I don't know if they didn't want to play.
I mean, you would think they'd jump at the opportunity to play for their country.
Did you hear Adam Gaudette after the Beanpot say,
I'd rather win the Beanpot than be at the Olympics right now?
Yeah, I didn't really know what to say to that.
I kind of know where he's coming from, but if you were to get a medal,
would he still?
I mean, I think there's a little pandering going on with Gaudette.
He's saying they just won the Beanpot.
Local kid, that's a dream.
But we're still talking about the Olympics. Sean White, by's saying they just won the Beanpot. Local kid, that's a dream.
But we're still talking about the Olympics.
Sean White, by the way, he won the Globe and Mail.
I hate that guy.
Fuck him.
Yeah, there was some that's funny.
Well, he's been getting praised all over the Twitter.
And then there were some columns talking about his past escapades.
I guess he was a real dirtbag to a couple of girls.
Was he?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. I knew the Pierce thing.
Oh, yeah.
Sending unsolicited dick pics, stuff like that. Oh, he's a scumb Yeah. Oh, yeah. He knew the Pierce thing. Oh, yeah. Sending unsolicited dick pics, stuff like that.
Oh, he's a scumbag.
Oh, yeah.
He's a weirdo.
Oh, yeah.
And it was like, he made some video, watch a girl, like, it said a video, like, sex
and fecal matter.
So, like, he was watching a video, like, something to do with shit and sex.
Like, read, what's her name?
Christine Brennan, I think her name is.
She had a call on Wednesday
I think New York
So will he not be celebrated you think?
No he already is
People forget
This stuff with him happened
Before all this Me Too
Before all this Me Too stuff
He's kind of like
Gotten by
Like Mike Tirico
Mike Tirico has a shitty fucking track record.
I love that Mike Tirico says that he's white, correct?
Yeah, he's an Italian from Queens.
I love that.
Yeah, KFC wrote a big blog about a couple years ago.
What? I knew that.
Yeah, KFC.
He says he's white.
Yeah, I guess there was some TV movie called The Homie Spumoni years ago.
It was like an Italian kid who was black or something. KFC wrote
a blog years ago. It's absolutely hilarious.
But yeah, Tariqo claims he's an Italian guy from Queens.
Yeah, so the Olympic talk.
I'm actually looking forward to
watching the tournament because
I didn't know if I'd be that into it.
And when I turned the game on this morning, naturally,
it's like the Olympics, Team USA is playing. I was like,
all right, I'm going to be into this tournament. It was exciting to watch.
The jerseys, I can't stand the jerseys.
But, I mean, now you get to see Canada, and I think Sweden is going to be awesome.
I mean, they're the type of team that play together a lot during the year, too.
They have those national team breaks over in Europe.
So I'm looking forward to that tournament going forward.
Yeah, same here.
I mean, hopefully the games will, excuse me, ramp up in intensity for the U.S. today.
I mean, like you said, you have a couple practices together.
Teams, they don't know each other.
There's no cohesion out there.
A bunch of guys just kind of thrown together.
So hopefully the U.S.A. will get it back together.
Don't turn it around.
Trade deadline's a couple weeks away, but things have started up.
Yeah, Phaneuf.
Tuesday night, Dion Phaneuf was sent from Ottawa to L.A.
Well, Dion Phaneuf and Nate Thompson went to L.A. for Marion Gabrick and Nick Shore.
Very interesting trade.
I mean, like someone on Twitter said, was this 2008?
You know, what about a huge deal 10 years ago?
But it's interesting.
I mean, Phaneuf's got three years left at, well, seven per.
I know Ottawa's eating a little bit of money.
He's going to L.A.
He's got three years left on his deal.
Gabrick, who I was shocked to see, he still has three years left on his deal.
Obviously, he didn't have a no-trade clause because he went to fucking Ottawa.
I mean, imagine 36 years old, three years left, and you're going to Ottawa.
I wouldn't be surprised if he moves again.
But then again, what team is going to want to add a 36-year-old with just under a 5 million cap in for three more years?
Yeah, I remember, like, you wonder, Gabrick, there's times he can just be so good,
but he's just older, he's battled so many injuries,
his career's been incredible.
But he, right when he was traded, I'm like,
oh, they'll try to move him again.
I didn't really think, this is quickly, I'm like,
oh, he's not going to be there.
And then, like you said, I looked, I'm like,
he's got three more years left.
So, Otto has eaten 25 of FNUF's contract.
So, you still know, LA's FNUF's contract. So, you still know
LA's paying now for over
five and a half or right around five and a half
or three seasons after this one.
My ex-teammate,
Eric Belanger, he
works now, I think, at RDS up in
Canada and he said, horrible trade.
The most overrated player in the
league, talking about FNUF. So,
he's going to have to live up to expectations in L.A.
I mean, he's had expectations everywhere.
I mean, you look at his numbers this year.
They're not great, but Ottawa has just been such a dumpster fire.
You're interested to see when he goes, get some new life in him with L.A.
Who need to get going also?
They got pounded by Carolina on Tuesday night.
So I think that maybe that's a game where they're like,
all right, enough of this.
This is bullshit.
We just gave up seven.
They're looking to add to their defense.
But it's interesting to see because poor Gabrick now.
And Ottawa's saving a little money.
I think Gabrick's 4.8.
So they're paying less than they would be to FNUF.
So it was a miracle when they said Toronto moved FNUF's contract.
They thought that was unmovable.
And now I guess Ottawa was able to do it again,
but they had to eat some of it.
Toronto was able to get rid of the whole thing.
So I'm just interested to see what this does for LA
because LA is a team that started off so good.
They look like they were back in terms of like that Western Conference
kind of monster.
And Quick was great.
He struggled lately.
So they've got to get it going because
they're by no means guaranteed
to get into the playoffs. Not even close.
I think in the ninth spot right now.
Ninth or tenth.
If you're a fan of either one
of these teams, it's not like you're waking up
to it like, yeah, we got Fanova. Yeah, we got
Gabrick. I mean, it's not a
trade I don't think anyone's really getting overly excited for because,
you know, in Ottawa, your team's going nowhere this year.
By the way, what a fucking dive they've taken.
You know, you're not going anywhere.
Oh, yeah, Gabrick, I mean, he's a 36-year-old guy.
Your team's not going anywhere.
So how do you really get excited?
And if you're a Kings fan, you know, I mean, Fanoff's Fanoff.
I mean, he's, you know, he can do a few things on offense, but he's going to make a lot of
mistakes.
He's just, you know, everyone knows what Dion Phaneuf is.
I don't think he's really that much of a difference maker, I guess, for LA.
I mean, yeah, he's going to contribute.
But, I mean, if I'm a Kings fan, I'm not like, oh, yeah, the playoffs are here because we got Dion Phaneuf.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, I mean, Gabrick only had seven goals from this year, so they're not really sacrificing too much of his sniperhood.
But if you're a guy on LA and you need help on the back end and Doughty can only do so much and Muzzin can only do so much,
you think, all right, well, we got a guy who can play 20 minutes,
can play second power play, maybe PK.
So that can help.
I don't know necessarily if he's a guaranteed top four defenseman anymore.
I think he is, but he's a second pair guy if that.
So to add that, that can make a difference for a team.
But I know what you're saying. By no means was this trade like, oh, holy a second pair guy if that. And so to add that, you know, that can make a difference for a team. But I know what you're saying.
By no means was this trade like, oh, holy shit, I'm fired up.
And it's funny.
You don't get those anymore now.
That's around the draft.
And hopefully when I'm working this year, the deadline up at Sportsnet, deadline day, we get something exciting.
But it seems that the big time deals don't ever happen at the deadline anymore.
And going into that, we've heard Rick Nash's name everywhere. It seems like seems like he's gone and with that you start hearing more ryan mcdonough i think i mentioned that a while ago in the podcast or maybe it was recently i don't know
my memory is a joke you guys know that but you wonder where nash ends up because he's looked
great lately as the new york rangers have kind of spotted in their battle and so many injuries
but he's kind of looked like all alright, he still has some game left.
He did make a play Tuesday night that
was horrific. He passed it pretty much right
on Parisi's tape who scored, but that could
happen anyway. 82 game schedule. I'm just
watching an NHL network right now. I was just
reminded, but he could add a lot to a
lot of different teams. So you wonder who will end up getting
him. The question is, will
McDonough go with him? Will it be a joint deal
or will it be a team that's willing to go after
this good defenseman and this
still elite level forward?
I wonder what will end up going on then
and if it'll happen sooner because that's the thing
about nowadays with the deadline. Teams
want to get guys sooner because you get
more games with them. I mean, you know, waiting
until the deadline, maybe you could figure out what exactly
you have to offer, but the quicker
you get them, if you're a team that's sputtering or needs
a guy, I mean, the better off you are. So I
think that things could happen pretty quickly.
That first trade with FNUF and
Gabrick, that could kind of get things rolling a little bit.
Yes, I was just going to say, that doesn't seem like
the type of trade that breaks a logjam
because I don't think people are really
lining up a ton for either one of those guys. You know what I'm
saying? It's not like we've been hearing FNUF's going to get traded
or Gabrick's going to get traded. It's just kind of like a maintenance trade almost
where, you know, that's not going to open up things
for a McDonough trade or the Nash trade, I don't think.
But speaking of the Rangers,
what about that fucking letter they sent out
to their, well, season ticket holders
or their fans last week?
Did you see that?
No.
Basically, like, it was more or less warning them
that, like, okay, you know, thanks for the loyalty,
but we're probably going to be trading people here.
It was almost like they were giving up on the season.
I forget exactly how it was worded, but it was basically prepping the fans
that we're going to be dismantling the team.
It said that we've basically been competitive for the last few years
and that some players that they love, essentially, if they were to trade
like Lundqvist or Nash or McDonough, are going to go.
Really?
Yeah.
Was that when they came out?
I saw that they, I don't know if they re-signed or just said that the front office will be
there over the next year.
Like Glenn Sather will be back and Jeff Gordon will be back.
So I don't know if that was like the same type letter, but weird time to be a Rangers
fan who like fans at one point this year, they were buzzing.
They're like, oh, we could win the cup.
We got a great goalie.
And now it's like, I don't think so.
This is kind of going nowhere.
And you just wonder who will be out of there by the deadline.
Yeah.
And if I'm a Rangers fan, I'm like, what the fuck?
This is New York City.
It's a billionaire owner.
Can't really rebuild there.
Well, exactly.
That's what happens when your GM makes shitty moves because now they're kind of hemmed in.
You know what I mean?
Kevin Hayes is an RFA after this year.
I wonder if there'll be some interest for him for teams.
I mean, I just don't know if the Rangers want to resign him
or what teams would be willing to give.
But you get him on a playoff team and he's your third line center
on a really good team.
He can play up the lineup too and play, you know, really good on the power play.
You wonder.
There's a bunch of guys there that could be gone.
Yeah, and that's tough to trade for an
RFA because you get
a first dibs on his rights, but
that's a whole other fucking headache. Sucks for easy, huh?
Oh, yeah. That's tough.
Who knows?
I think they'd
want to re-sign Kevin Hayes, but
you don't know what's going to happen there.
That's funny. I didn't even know about that letter.
That kind of explains how much of a gong show
it is for them right now in New York.
Yeah, just like I said, that's something you expect in Arizona maybe.
Like, oh, sorry, fans.
Rangers shouldn't have to send out sorry fan letters.
By the way, so last night, I'm cold right now.
And NHL is getting harder to gamble on.
Oh, dude.
So I'm like, so last night, I'm like, dude, Anaheim in Detroit.
I'm like, Anaheim needs wins.
They're looking good.
Oh, by the way, we haven't mentioned, we'll be joined by Kevin Biecka.
He's an Anaheim defenseman, animal nails.
So he's going to join us in a little bit.
But they really screwed us last night or screwed me because Detroit ends up beating them.
So then I was like,
all right,
Tampa lost in Toronto the night before.
It's not a long travel.
They're in Buffalo.
Took a minus one and a half.
They lost,
they lost four to two.
And then I go out West and I'm like,
all right,
I'm just going to chase it with San Jose.
They're playing Arizona at home.
And I woke,
wake up,
check my phone to one Arizona.
I'm like,
what an old for three night in games that all look to me like they were not for sure. Nothing's for sure. But I'm like, what an 0-3 night in games that all looked to me like they were
not for sure, nothing's for sure, but I'm like,
what is going on right now in this league?
Yeah, it's a real, real, real tough time on the schedule.
I had that same Tuesday night.
I had Anaheim and Tampa in a puck line.
Hey, 0-2 on both sides.
But any time, though, I lose the puck line, I'm like, good,
I'm glad I didn't have the money line on that one because you only lose it
without the juice.
But, yeah, it's been real, real rough sledding, I think this
happens a couple times a year, if you're an NHL gambler during the season, it's just,
it's a rough spot, man, it's a bad one.
82 games, you're gonna just catch horrible beats.
And also, too, this is why you gotta monitor the league, you know, Arizona's been playing
pretty good hockey lately, they've been beating teams that, you know, maybe not playing up
to their level, and Buffalo, man, Buffalo's another team that they've been playing good hockey.
Like, they covered the puck line.
Well, the alternate puck line versus Tampa the other night.
Oh, by the way, Eichel, our boy.
Dude, that sucks.
And somebody asked me on Twitter.
They're like, oh, you had ankle problems.
Is this going to kind of last forever for him?
And I don't think so.
I mean, these are high
ankle sprains he came back amazingly from the first one he's looked unreal so that was a freak
injury that's what i'm saying this was that was that wasn't like it wasn't like you saw that you're
like that injured him you know it would look like you could have blown out his knee that was the
really scary part but it just sucks for him to have to go through that again because we mentioned
before the rehab on that blows i remember just sitting in bed doing those stupid tube exercises trying to strengthen your ankle.
It's just mind-numbing.
So I think that Eichel is just more than anything annoyed.
But in terms of his overall health, he'll be fine.
Now, didn't you have more structural damage in your ankle?
Yeah, I had mongrel feet.
But once you've sprained your ankle once it is it is
easier to do it again was that the same ankle do you know i don't know i'm not sure if it was
either way though you just hope to see it you're like now you're like all right you don't want to
see any more then it starts becoming an issue but i think he'll be fine going forward i mean he'll
probably won't be back till next year yeah yeah i mean why even why even bring him back for what
buffalo's going through they They're playing better.
Similar situation.
Well, I know we don't know what's wrong with Corey Crawford,
but, I mean, if you're the Blackhawks,
are you really in a rush to get Corey Crawford back this season?
Exactly.
They are fucking done.
That's D-O-N-E.
R-I-P-P-P-Chief.
I saw somebody say that it might have been, I think it was Chief,
who said the Blackhawks have better odds to get the first overall pick than they do to get in the playoffs currently.
That is a quick and awful demise for the Chicago Blackhawks.
I mean, last year, yeah, they lost in the first round.
They were swept, but they were still unreal all year.
Like, this came out of nowhere, and I don't know what  I don't know really what they do moving forward because there's a lot of guys making a lot of money, and they've got to figure it out.
You know, I mentioned that the Chiefs, too, you know, this is a team that tuned out Quenville.
And I know he won three Cups there.
I know that history.
It happens to everyone at some point.
Exactly.
I mean, look out in L.A.
Just dropped my phone in his hands.
Yeah, Darryl Sutton.
I mean, he won two Cups in L.A., and eventually the fucking players got sick of him.
I mean, it just happens.
And, you know, the Blackhawks don't look like a team that's playing any organized hockey.
They don't look like a team that's playing for their coach right now.
And, yeah, it happens.
I mean, Scotty fucking Bowman got fired four times, at least I think in his career.
So, you know, I mean, again, I'm not saying it's Quenville, but I think that's something
that the Blackhawks are going to look at.
I mean, because it's just that it's an ugly bottom and out.
I mean, it's one thing if they ended up 12th seed,
just missed the playoffs,
but this is like bottom and out very quickly.
Yeah, bad.
And you're right,
because every single coach,
the shelf life comes,
and at that point,
it's like nobody gives a shit how many cups you won.
They don't like you anymore.
They're sick of you.
I had a dream the other night that Terry and I
ran into him and
he keyed my car and smashed my windows in and i was so mad i was like how the fuck i kill him
and i woke up i'm like oh man but i put you on the couch find out what that's all about
somebody tweeted me about him i think and that he got in my brain i'm dreaming about him now
what a fucking life so i wanted to mention tuesday night um the the Nashville Predators and the Winnipeg
Jets all year have been great.
Every team runs into the Littles, but all
year, they've been great. And
both of them had come from behind
wins on Tuesday night. Nashville was
down 3-0, right? They come back
in the third period. They beat the Blues in overtime.
And Winnipeg was down
to Washington going into the third
period, and they came back.
Both of those teams are going to be really dangerous in the playoffs.
And in this wide open year, Pittsburgh, Charlotte-Pittsburgh,
they are now officially, we said I think two weeks ago that they're coming,
they're back.
So they'll be there. But these two teams in the West, I could see Winnipeg winning the Stanley Cup
and the same thing with Nashville.
So, I don't know, I just watched those two teams play,
and to have third-period comebacks like that against good teams,
you're like, these are for real.
And the Winnipeg comeback was against Washington,
who showed it was like playoff Washington comes out.
It was a playoff-type game, and they come out in the third period.
They played like shit.
Winnipeg gets the win, and you're like,
that's what you see every spring from these guys.
And it's crazy.
I know this is one game right
it's a small sample size it doesn't mean anything but you also say at what point will this team like
bear down and actually win those games like the playoff type games the games in the spring and
and it's going to be another interesting year in in the in our nation's capital because who knows
what's going to come how about going back to winnipeg real quick? Blake Wheeler's a heart candidate. Yeah, he's unbelievable.
He's incredible.
I've never seen a guy that, like, he looks so fast out there.
I think it's because he's so big.
You don't see guys that big actually look like they're going that fast usually.
But you see him fly by people constantly, and he's been awesome all year.
I mean, Lion-A's just going now.
Lion-A's beard is horrible, by the way.
Oh,
but he's a sniper. So we're actually now going to be joined by Kevin Biekska. So we're going to
talk to this guy about my old buddy, Randy Carlisle. And this interview is brought to you by
the Black Tux. Everyone wants to look as great as their date at a wedding or special event.
Trouble is, there's no way you want to spend
the amount of time or money she did shopping for her outfit. Theblacktux.com is your answer
with high quality rental suits and tuxedos delivered right to your doorstep. The Black
Tux is the easy way for guys to rent suits and tuxedos online. The Black Tux lets you create
your look or choose from tons of stylist-selected
outfits. Suits usually retail for about 1,200, but at the Black Tux, they start at just 95.
Expert customer care has your back every step of the way, and it's completely done online.
With the Black Tux free home try-on,
you can see the fit and feel the quality of your suit months before your event.
After ordering, your suit will arrive 14 days before your event.
If anything is less than perfect,
the Black Tux will send you a free replacement right away.
When your event's over, just drop the rental back in the mail.
Shipping is free
both ways. To get 20 off your purchase, visit theblacktux.com slash chicklets. That's the
blacktux.com slash chicklets for 20 off your purchase. The Black Tux, premium rental suits
and tuxedos delivered. Now we'd like to welcome to the show from the Anaheim Ducks defenseman, Kevin Biexa.
Welcome to the show, Kevin.
Thanks for having me.
Hey, so, Bud, can I ask you, do you want to punch people like me in the face when I can't say your last name correctly?
I don't know. Not always.
It just kind of depends what kind of mood I'm in.
But I'm kind of used to people butchering my last name.
Don Cherry's done it for three decades.
I've got friends that still kind of do it. I've kind of got over it. I'm okay with it.
Speaking of punching, I was going to save this one, but we've got to get right to it.
You've become known for the Superman punch the last couple seasons.
I've got to ask, is that something that you self-taught yourself,
or did you meet an MMA guy who showed you
how to do that? And if so, how did you learn
how to do that on skates, Kevin?
Well, practice. Practice makes perfect.
I think the answer to the question
is it's a little bit of both. I was
taught a few things at a young age
by a friend of my dad's, and then
I kind of
like to watch and learn, and I've
kind of implemented some things that I've watched over the years
and practiced a lot in the summer.
It's getting a lot of recognition, I know, lately, but it's something I've been doing for a long time.
Not to set a bad example for kids, but the first time I ever did it was in a street fight.
It took a while to get to the ice, but it's there now, and it's a good way to go on the attack right away.
Do you think when you're squaring off with an opponent,
do you think you might have a little bit of
an advantage over them? Because you kind of have
this sort of secret weapon. Do you think like,
he might try this double dragon shit on me?
It's not secret anymore.
Yeah, it's not a secret anymore.
I watched my last couple of fights.
When I come in, the guy is turning his head.
I'm punching helmet a lot, which isn't fun.
But no, I like the square off.
I like that cushion.
I like the feeling before a fight.
Not the anxiety, but the nerves, the nervous energy.
I like that.
It makes me want to just smash the guy's face in.
Yeah, so I first played against you the lockout season
when the entire year was canceled.
You were in Manitoba, right?
Yeah, correct.
Where were you again?
I was in Wilkes-Barre.
You were in Wilkes-Barre.
Yeah, so I didn't really know much about you.
You played four years at Bowling Green.
So I kind of wanted to go into how you ended up there.
I'm assuming you were a little bit of a late bloomer
because the career you've had, you were a fifth a fifth round pick but you played four years at college
like how did it come about where were you before um Bowling Green and how did you get end up like
at school there and and did you ever at any point like think listen I'm going to play in the NHL 10
15 years or when you're going into Bowling Green did you not even have any of that in your mind yet
yeah I'll tell you like a quick, quick background of my story.
I went to the Mississauga Ice Dogs camp, the OHL camp when I was 15,
and I ended up making that team.
And I kind of decided after thinking about it and talking to my dad a lot
that I was going to try to pursue the college route instead.
So I said no thank you to them,
and then I played three years of Tier 2 Junior A until I got a scholarship.
And actually, I had a bunch of offers. I had probably like 10 to 15 scholarship offers but when I did my visits
as you know you kind of decide to go with where you feel it just feels right and when I went to
Bowling Green I just I liked the group of guys I liked how close it was but yet far away from home
I just liked everything about it like the division division it was in. I thought I would play a lot right away.
So then after getting drafted, after my first year,
I'd like to say that I had tons of opportunities to leave early,
but really I didn't.
Vancouver didn't really talk to me at all.
That's crazy.
I played all my four years because I had no choice.
And then at the end of that, I went to the AHL,
and like you, worked my way up, and that's kind of the short version of it when you got to mississauga was don cherry the coach then
don it was the first year so no he was the owner i believe but he was he was around he was around
for training camp a quick story about that first first two days there's there's uh inter-squad
games and there's there's no fighting not not one fight and uh we flood the ice some of the older guys come down and they said don cherry wants to see
fights or every single one of you guys is going home this is like the second second day i i swear
to god the puck drops fight puck drop fight there was 11 fights in a row 22 guys fought it was just
you found a guy your size and you fought him
or else you were going home.
So, yeah, bringing Don Cherry
back to the OHL, people thought bringing
Barry Melrose back to the NHL was bad. Don
Cherry was about 40 years removed of being
a should-have-been-an-OHL coach and
owner. So you leave Bowling Green, you come
to the AHL. Immediately that year, you had an
awesome year. All-rookie team in the AHL.
That AHL season, I tell everyone,
was pretty much like the mini-NHL. I think
five guys from every team played big roles
the next year in the NHL clubs.
But were you surprising guys?
I mean, they're like, alright, kind of an undersized defenseman
from Bowling Green. I'll go this guy. And then just
knocking guys' heads off? Or did people
kind of know right away the way you played and how
tough you were? No, I don't
think anyone had an idea. And you know what?
To tell you the truth, I didn't really know
how tough I could be either.
The first fight kind of
happened in Hamilton. I was in front of my family
and friends and I thought, I kind of
take their fourth line centerman
fighter and kind of give it a go and
went well. And then the next fight was against another
guy and just kind of snowballed after that.
And then you get kind of, I've always had kind of like a competitive edge and he just kind of snowballed after that.
I've always had kind of like a competitive edge and a little bit of a chip on my shoulder.
Chip's a little bit smaller as I've gotten older,
but I've always kind of had a chip.
Kevin, you obviously started your career at Vancouver with them for quite a while.
You ended up going to one of their rivals, Anaheim Ducks.
What was that like the first time you go into that locker room
with a bunch of these guys you've literally battled with,
punched in the face, and all of a sudden your teammates with them?
How awkward is that, and how long does that take to go away, that awkward feeling?
It's a strange feeling right away, but I think when you get to know other hockey players, even if you hate them on the ice, once you kind of get off the ice and you talk to them, you quickly realize that they're pretty much similar to you. So before we even got into the locker room,
when I first moved my family to Anaheim,
I went out for drinks with Kes, who I knew really well, obviously,
but Corey Perry.
So a guy who I'd battled with a ton over the years,
probably like one of my least favorite guys in the league.
The worm.
The worm. The worm.
And the worm and I go out for drinks with Kes,
and it was just a great first night to get to know him.
And, I mean, it took a little bit longer to get to know him,
what he's really like, but he's one of my favorite guys now,
and I hated the guy before.
Talk about, for a second, Ryan Getzlaff.
We bring him up on the show frequently.
We always say if he was on the East Coast or the Northeast or Canada,
you'd hear his name all the time.
Do you think because he's in Anaheim you don't hear about him enough?
Let the audience know how good of a player exactly Getzleff is.
Yeah, I'm not sure how much he's talked about on the East Coast,
but he's got to be mentioned in top five players in the league.
And if you see this guy night in and night out, the plays he makes,
he makes them look so easy.
And he even says to me sometimes on the bench, he goes,
hey, why isn't the guy, when he gets the puck there,
just kind of take it on his forehand, shield the guy
from the puck, and then throw the puck
across ice? And I look at him, I go,
yeah, that's not as easy as it
looks, Gats. You actually make that look really
easy, but it's not. So he's got
just an amazing skill
set. He's big, he's strong, he's mean.
He's kind of got every characteristic
that you want in a hockey player.
So you guys are right in the middle of
a big-time playoff chase here.
It seems like you guys have really picked things up
lately as guys get healthy.
What's the mindset right now on your
team? Does Randy still
not say hello to guys in the morning? I used to
make bagels next to him and he wouldn't even
look at me.
I mean, if Randy doesn't say anything to you,
I think you're winning. I think that's what he gets into the
conversation with you. Then you're
in one.
I try to
keep my head down around him because once you get into an
argument with him, it doesn't end.
No, exactly.
What was the first part of that?
What's the mindset of the team right now? Where you guys are
at?
Are you in the midst of a long road trip right now
or just one more game?
Yeah, we've got three more games on this trip.
We're in Chicago, many, and Vegas.
So two of the three teams we're battling with.
And we've got to start winning some games.
We've lost some games to, not to be disrespectful,
but some of the worst teams in the NHL.
And it seems like we play the best teams.
We do really well, and we win a lot of those games.
So these are the games.
Like tomorrow, a team in Chicago who's kind of out of the playoff race right now,
and we've got to make sure we get these two points.
So UFA after this year for you, correct?
Correct.
How much longer do you want to play?
I mean, you're going to be turning, I think, 37 this summer.
You certainly don't look that old. But do you want to play until you're going to be turning, I think, 37 this summer. You certainly don't look that old.
I mean, but I think, do you want to play until you're 40?
Have you thought about that, or is it kind of year by year for right now?
Yeah, I don't know.
I think in my head, one to three more years.
I think as long as I feel good, and I don't,
when you start to get to the point where you're hampered by injuries
and you feel like crap on the ice, it's no fun to play.
So if I can stay healthy, I feel pretty good right now.
A couple little nagging things, but things you can definitely play with
and have fun and still contribute.
I mean, I'm giving you the politically correct answer right now
because I honestly don't know how many more years I'll play,
but I'd like to play as many as I can under 40.
Now, as you get older, Kevin, is it more of a physical battle
or a psychological or mental battle? What's the tough part for you, the you get older, Kevin, is it more of a physical battle or a psychological or mental battle?
What's the tough part for you, the physical
or the mental aspect to keep grinding away
at this age?
I still, to tell you the truth, I still
really enjoy the game.
I hate leaving my family and I hate leaving
my kids and my wife and my dog
and everything, but I still like
being around the guys. I still enjoy going
to the rink every day. I still enjoy, you know, believe
it or not, I still enjoy practices, even Randy's
practices, as much as
they're repetitive. I
enjoy them. So I think when I get
to the point where I'm just dreading going to the
rink, I think that's probably the time to retire.
But right now, like, I'm having fun. I like going
out for dinner with the guys on the road.
Oh, I'm shaking. I'm shaking. I miss
that so much.
It's Valentine's Day, right?
Yeah, to wrap that up, I still enjoy everything.
So we'll see how long that goes.
Kevin, so 2011, you scored the double overtime goal to go to the Stanley Cup Finals against the Sharks.
What was that goal like?
I mean, the videos of Vancouver after that goal,
I mean, it looked like it set the city on fire.
The city literally was on fire after the cup finals.
Yeah.
They literally burned that thing down.
They tear gassed the whole downtown,
so I couldn't even get to my hotel with my kids.
Jesus, really?
They tear gassed the settle.
That's when your Bruins just ripped my heart out.
Glad you said it.
I got my heart ripped out by the Red Wings and Randy and Bob Murray too when they
sent me to Edmonton. So I know how it feels.
Yeah.
But the goal was a great feeling
and that whole series, I think we went
into that series against San Jose
and they were a real powerhouse back then.
They were big and strong and tough and we
thought, I remember thinking before the series
and talking with the city and the cats and thinking
how are we going to win this series?
Like, these guys are legit.
And we just kind of, game at a time, next thing you know, we're up 2-0.
We're like, oh my God, how is this happening?
And then they win one, and then we get another one.
We're up 3-1, and we're like, this is too good to be true.
So when that series was over, we were very glad, because I don't think we expected to get out of that one.
It was definitely as easy as we did.
Kev, you've obviously been in quite a few fight videos over the years.
Like we mentioned, the Superman punch.
There's the one, I forget who it is, hit you,
and you could see your tooth kind of flying through the air.
That's a pretty big tooth.
That's a fake tooth.
It wasn't a real tooth.
That's a crown.
That's a crown.
All right, we set the record straight.
We set the record straight on that.
But now you obviously had some great scraps.
We're fans of the
pugilistic side of hockey.
Is there anybody in the league, either
current or former, that you
wanted a shot at but you never got a shot at
whether they're still playing or already retired?
Oh, wow.
That's a big question.
There's got to be some rat you'd love to
just punch right in the face right now around this league.
There's probably 50 of them. I know you.
Yeah, I'm thinking of like three guys, but I'm just deciding whether or not I should say their names.
Well, you can give us one of them. You can give us one of them.
Adam Burrish. You guys remember Adam Burrish?
Yes, I do. I do.
I found him and beat the wheels off of him. Never got the chance, though.
All right, that's one.
Well, no, so I do want to ask, who gave you the nickname Juice?
And that is just a fabulous nickname.
Yeah, I guess.
I would want to be called Juice.
I'm called Scummer sometimes.
I mean, I'd much rather be Juice.
Yeah, you were Scummy from what I heard.
That's what the guys were telling me.
Don't listen to them me don't listen to
them don't listen i'm a classy guy no no i'm sure they're all lying yeah um juice came from do you
remember goalie alex old i do played uh yeah a few years he he called me that in the minors i came
when i came from college my senior year i was uh i was uh you know at the end of a college season i
was a little depleted working hard hard in the classroom, you know.
Oh, yeah.
I was like 185 pounds.
And then the next season when I came to training camp, I was back to normal.
I was 205 pounds and in good shape.
And then, you know, you start hearing all the juice chirps.
So I assure you I've never seen a steroid,
but my nickname has a little bit of a derivative from it.
Well, before we let you go, I did do a quick Wikipedia of you
told me that you graduated from Bowling Green with a 3.5 GPA.
Is that true?
No big deal, right?
Holy shit, dude.
How much did you cheat?
I mean, like, the amount of chirping I do,
I got to have some sort of brain power to make them witty
because they've been going on for a long time, and I got to make the guys laugh when I chirp, guys.
All right, man. Well, thank you so much for joining. It's been a pleasure to watch your
entire career. I'm glad you never tried to punch my face in. I appreciate that.
I tried. I tried.
I did. I stayed away, dude. I stayed away. I appreciate you coming on and good luck the
rest of the year.
And this interview was also brought to you by Keeps.
Hair loss isn't just your dad's problem.
It happens earlier in life than you think.
By 35, two out of three men will start losing their hair.
But hair loss is actually easy to prevent if you get started early.
Introducing Keeps, a new company offering simple, clinically proven, affordable ways to stop hair loss.
With Keeps, it's easier than ever for guys like you to keep your hair.
Keeps is the easiest way to keep your hair.
It offers the two FDA-approved hair loss products
and is clinically proven to keep the hair that you have already on your head.
Sign up now in less than five minutes,
and Keeps is entirely online and only
10 to 35 a month. So it's just 1 a day on average. This is half of what you typically pay
at the pharmacy. Getting started with Keeps is so easy. You just answer a few questions and snap
some photos. A licensed doctor remotely reviews your information and gives you the right prescription all without leaving your couch. Within two to three days, a three-month supply of your treatment
will arrive perfectly packaged at your door. Stop hair loss today the easy way with Keeps,
offering customized treatment plans with only FDA-approved hair loss products for about 1 a
day from the comfort of your couch.
To receive your first month of treatment free.
Go to keeps.com slash chicklets.
That's K-E-E-P-S dot com slash chicklets.
That's a free month of treatment at keeps.com slash chicklets.
Keeps.
Hair today. Hair tomorrow. Thank slash chicklets. Keeps. Hair today, hair tomorrow.
Thank you very much to Kevin BX.
Yes, he got it.
I got it right there.
Entertaining guy.
Actually, it'd be great to have him in here.
He could be a sit-down couple beer summer guest.
We could get him in Boston.
It would have to be a two-hour, two-part special.
Yeah, you could tell.
He's an entertaining
cat for sure. Hilarious dude.
Obviously, you Boston guys, we have perceptions
about BX. Every team in the league,
every fan of every city has...
He's a hilarious dude. I couldn't believe how funny
and engaging he was.
Hysterical interview. We could have easily done another half hour
with him. Thank you for coming on.
Now, are we getting to All Right Hamilton?
All Right Hamilton. Are we? We are. But before we do, All Right Hamilton is brought to you by coming on. Now, are we getting to All Right, Hamilton? All Right, Hamilton.
Are we?
We are, but before we do, All Right, Hamilton is brought to you by Quip.
When it comes to your health, brushing your teeth is one of the most important parts of your day.
Quip knows that.
They've combined dentistry and design to make a better electric toothbrush.
Quip is the new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibrations into a slimmer design at a
fraction of the cost of bulkier traditional electric toothbrushes and guiding pulses alert
you when to switch sides making brushing the right amount effortless quip also comes with a mount
that suctions right to your mirror and unsticks to use as a cover for hygienic travel anywhere
whether it's going in
your gym bag or a carry-on. And because the thing that cleans your mouth should also be clean,
Quip subscription plan refreshes your brush on a dentist recommended schedule,
delivering new brush heads every three months for just 5, including free shipping worldwide.
Quip is backed by a network of over 10,000 dental professionals
including dentists, hygienists, and dental students. Most toothbrushes don't get named
one of Time Magazine's best inventions of the year, but Quip did. Find out yourself why.
Quip starts at just 25 and if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets right now,
you'll get your first refill pack for free with a Quip electric toothbrush.
That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chicklets,
D-E-T-Q-U-I-P dot com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
And All Right Hamilton is also brought to you by ZipRecruiter.
Are you hiring, posting your position to job sites,
and waiting, and waiting for the right people to see it?
ZipRecruiter knew there was a smarter way, so they built a platform that finds the right job candidates for you.
ZipRecruiter learns what you're looking for, identifies people with the right experience,
and invites them to your job.
These invitations have revolutionized how you find your next hire.
In fact, 80 of employers who post a job on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate through the site in just
one day. And ZipRecruiter doesn't stop there. They even spotlight the strongest can applications
you receive so you never miss a great match. The right candidates are out there. ZipRecruiter is
how you find them. Businesses of all size trust ZipRecruiter for their hiring needs. Right now,
our listeners can try ZipRecruiter for free.
That's right, for free.
Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
What do we got?
All right, so this week we have Sam Wilson,
and Sam Wilson asked,
what is the worst interaction you've ever had with another hockey fan? All right, so this week we have Sam Wilson, and Sam Wilson asks, what is the worst interaction you've ever had with another hockey fan?
All right, Hamilton.
You go for it, Wits.
I'm sure you've got a few thousand to pick from.
Man, that's tough.
The guy who told me as I was cutting up my New York strip
post 7-0 loss in Edmonton to the Sabres.
The guy was like,
Whitney, you fucking suck.
You overpaid.
You're a loser.
And I was just like,
dude, I'm just trying to have a steak.
I've told that one before.
That guy, I'm like,
you're such a loser.
I'd say the main reason I hate Philly so much
is because when I got hit and knocked down,
the guy screamed,
I hope he's paralyzed.
And my dad was right there
and almost
went with the dude.
I'd say that that's a pretty bad one, along
with the guy who's chirped me as I was having a
sip of wine and cutting my steak up. He probably
didn't see me enjoying a beautiful
red meat steak, but those are
two examples that pop into my head.
See, I could never imagine
if I seen a guy, even if whatever went on with my whipping boys over the V.S. route for See, like, I could never imagine, like, if I seen a guy, even if a,
like, whatever one of them
are whipping boys
over the V.S. route
for the Bruins,
I could never imagine
going to a guy
eating dinner
and fucking saying,
I mean, even saying
something nice
because you don't want
to have to rip this dinner,
but let alone.
I guess, like, if you,
I mean, I guess it's almost like,
hey, if you're going to
chirp them all the time,
when you see them chirp them,
there's like a side of it
where you're like,
all right, dude,
I kind of respect it,
but I still say, you fucking loser. I was so mad. So that's, what do youp. I mean, there's like a side of it where you're like, all right, dude, I kind of respect it, but I still was like,
you fucking loser.
I was so mad.
So that's, what do you have?
I would,
the one that comes to mind,
it was more my friend,
but it was Terry O'Reilly bobblehead night
a few years back.
This is, we had a 10 game package,
me and a bunch of my buddies
and I fucking wrecked.
I don't remember the particulars,
but there was a skirmish
at the old Irish embassy,
and we got outside,
and we looked at it,
and all of a sudden,
one of my buddies is there.
He's got a fucking puncture wound at his neck.
He got fucking stabbed in a fight.
Jesus.
After Terry O'Reilly bobblehead night
with some shithead fucking Bruins fan,
probably from the North Shore, right?
Oh, yeah.
No doubt about it.
So, yeah, the kid who stabbed my boy P-Mac
in the neck on Terry O'Reilly bobblehead night,
and also the fucking clown
who dropped the N-bomb in the fucking garden one night.
This didn't make the papers.
This was like 20 years ago.
And it was actually, I was kind of proud of the audience at the garden.
Some guy yelled the fucking thing.
And everyone like swear at the guy, like booed him out of the section.
So those are probably the two like biggest idiot fans I've had that I can recall in like the last 25 years.
Yeah, you're like, dude, we got to answer car.
You just called a big goal.
Shut the fuck up, you piece of shit. Yeah, it's just like, yeah, it was like people just like the last 25 years. Yeah, you're like, dude, we got Anson Carter. You just scored a big goal. Shut the fuck up, you piece of shit.
Yeah, it's just like, yeah, it was like people just like,
oh, man, you fucking loser.
I mean, yeah, dude, of course that happened on Terry O'Reilly
bobblehead night too.
Exactly, stabbing.
Yeah, dude.
Oh, man.
That's Terry O'Reilly.
So, yeah, I mean, there's way better, way more awesome fans
in the silent, what is it?
The vocal minority always kind of comes out on top,
but everyone has experiences with fans where you're just like,
you're such a loser.
All right, so Crick asks,
if you could play for any fictional sports team from TVs, movies, etc.,
which team would it be?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh.
I'm resisting the urge To give the most obvious
Fucking answer
That I would want to give here
When were the Bruins in a movie?
Ha
Slapshot
You were close
Charlestown Chiefs
Oh okay
I mean that would be
The obvious answer
But I'll give another one
They sucked
And they were in the worst place ever
Yeah but did you see
Those blonde chicks
In the audience though?
I would
You know that's a good question man
I think
You know a team
Looked like a fun team to be on in sports movies.
Major League, the Indians in Major League, man.
That's a team that rallied hard.
That is a great call.
And when they got hot, they started stripping off the owner's stickers.
That was, oh, that's a good call, actually.
Thank you.
Fuck.
Those teams went on runs.
Willie Mays, Hayes.
Yeah.
Although.
Major League is one of the funniest.
The first one is unreal.
It's one of my favorite movies, I actually would say.
They actually... There's a couple...
Too high.
Like, quick little movie geeks.
There's actually two errors in Major League toward the end.
Bob Uecker, he actually refers to it as...
He's loaded.
As the American League Championship Series,
but it's the Indians and the Yankees,
and there's no way they could have played the ALCS
when that movie was made.
And then at the very end when they win, watch very close.
The same fat guy runs in the field twice.
Really?
Right when Tom Berens just going to grab Rene Russo.
The fat guy runs in the field, and then they cut back.
So you're counting bullets kind of, but you found some errors.
You don't count bullets.
I'm a movie geek.
We know that.
Oh, by the way, why do you always capitalize movie titles?
Because it makes them stand out so you know they're movie titles.
Because I know I'm not consistent with it, but sometimes the TV titles, I'll put them in quotes.
But I try to put just movie titles in full bold so then it's obvious it's a movie.
Oh, okay, okay, okay.
I think I'd have to say...
I think I'd have to say...
It's fake teams, right?
It would be a miracle.
Dude,
I'd be Shane Falco's
backup on the replacements.
What was their team name?
I can't remember.
That's pathetic. I don't even know the name of the team I want to be on.
Nice answer. What about you, Grinnells? D2, Mighty Ducks. Yeah, that's pathetic. I can't even know the name of the team I want to be on. Nice answer.
What about you, Grinnells?
D2, Mighty Ducks.
I'd take down Iceland.
Oh, that was two when they went to international?
Yeah, Gunnerstall.
Yeah, Gunnerstall.
Fuck, yeah.
Kid had a shot, man.
He could shoot.
Imagine that kid went from Mighty Ducks 2 to a famous Bastl internet commenter.
He did.
No, I'm joking.
That was an old fucking name of some comment
kind of style.
Old school Boston comment board
stuff.
I can't be involved in the comment section
talk. I don't know.
We got Action Brotzman
asks if you could swap places
with anyone in the world, who would it be and why?
All right, Hamilton.
Don't forget you get all the resulting with anyone in the world, who would it be and why? All right, Hamilton. Oh. Oof.
Don't forget you get
all the resulting
emotional baggage
that you can't see
from the outside, too.
You get all the damage
from being a youngster.
You never know what circus...
Like how every actor
is the coolest guy ever,
but they were just nerds
when they were in middle school
and they were doing
the drama club.
Yeah, you don't know
what's in someone's head
is like, kill puppies.
You don't know what's going on
inside someone's head.
Oh, jeez, kill puppies.
All right, that's in your head.
Holy fuck.
No, kidding me.
I would say anyone in the world.
I think Justin Timberlake's kind of right there for me.
He also seems like the man, too.
I mean, and he's nasty and likes golf.
I'd kind of need someone that does that.
I mean, you're kind of a married guy In your mid to late 30s
Got some money in the bank
Yeah but people
People a lot of times actually
Compared me to JT
It's similar dance moves
Similar hog size probably
So I think that I'd go with JT
Jeez that's such a
I don't know
It's literally a billion fucking people
You can answer
No it's 7 billion
Yeah that's right, too.
Yeah, that's even bigger than I thought.
Shit, man.
I'm trying to think.
I mean, I would say, let me think of a musician.
I mean, you don't want to be too old because you want to enjoy it.
Yeah, because you'll be kicking the can soon.
Yeah.
You can't be some old guy in Florida on Heaven's On Deck Circle.
You've got to just be like a young guy almost.
Fuck, yeah.
This is such a hard fucking question. Who would you just be like a young guy almost. Fuck, yeah. This is like such a
hard fucking question.
Who would you be?
It comes down to Leo.
It comes down to Leo,
Bieber.
Bieber's up there.
Yeah, yep.
I thought of Bieber,
but he's just a little,
I wouldn't want those tattoos.
He's so rich,
you could probably afford
to get him removed, though.
Yeah, that's true.
So yeah,
I'm probably going to go with Biebs.
I mean, is it
current, current?
We're not playing
Dead or Alive, or is
it current?
Hey, Dead or Alive.
Dead or Alive, dude.
I'll be fucking
Keith Richards in 68.
Okay.
There we go.
Easy enough.
Just to give an answer.
Yeah, why not?
Hey, he makes it this
far.
I can't believe you
didn't pick Brady, dude.
Well, I would have
picked Brady.
That's like you comment
on all the Instagrams.
But Tom's Tom.
I can't be Tom. I don't want you fucking up Tom either. Yeah, I But Tom's Tom. I can't be Tom.
I don't want you fucking up Tom either.
Yeah, I would fuck him up.
I can't be Tom.
Tom's Tom.
Plus, do you want to eat fucking kale ice cream for a fucking sweet?
Fuck that noise.
Yeah, exactly.
That's true.
I don't want to eat kale ice cream either.
Real quick, Tiger Woods.
Oh, yeah.
So, great moment.
We went down to Florida golfing.
And the last day, my good buddy james driscoll was
nice enough to take us to medalist which is one of tiger's courses in jupiter uh hope sound and
so we get there and he told us the night before dinner tiger had been at the course the last three
days i'm like oh my god dude come on be there tomorrow so we get there about an hour before
the tea time and somebody's like he just went off or he went off like 15 minutes ago uh with duffner and ahmad rashad i'm like oh fuck dude but that's he's out
on the course but you know medalist is this unreal track all these pros play at it and every hole is
pretty separate you don't see other holes that often out there so finally we get to the first
tee we get out into the fairway or i was in the fairway. Thank you. Not a big deal. Other guys were in the shrubs.
We turn around.
Tigers on 18 tee.
They teed off the back first.
The guy's like, dude, he's coming.
They're playing 18.
He's coming off one.
He's playing through us.
He plays these back tees.
It's like a 260 carry, 270 carry maybe to get to the fairway.
Pounds driver.
Now we're all standing up at the green waiting
for him to hit approach shot i'm like oh my god oh my god puts one like 20 feet past the pin
meanwhile duffner hits one into the bunker hits tiger pulls up walks by us we're all like
dude i'm hard as a rock this is tiger woods it's a dream and he's and and dude he's so nice what's
up guys how you doing having a good time like so friendly and i never you know you never hear that
about tiger meanwhile he gets over to the green bunker uh duffner hits this terrible bunker shot
it's like 30 feet past tiger goes nice shot duff looks over at us smiles i'm like he's chirping
duff so then he's walking away he's like duff let's go and we're playing through and he's like
i can't even know he goes i'll give you the five because he had like 30 feet for four he goes um
i can't even try to make the four, Tiger. Like just getting bullied by Tiger.
So Tiger walks away.
I'm like, good luck this year, man.
He's like, thanks a lot, dude.
Appreciate it.
When we go behind him, watch him bang driver down two.
He was the nicest, most friendly guy.
And this is a matter of two minutes.
And he talked to us for five seconds.
But some people told me at the club, since he hit rock bottom,
he used to just play through groups
by just driving right past them,
going to the next tee.
He wouldn't talk to anyone.
He wasn't friendly.
And he's completely different now.
He's nice to everyone.
I think probably what happens is, dude,
you hit rock bottom,
you got to look at your life and say,
listen, who am I?
And you got to switch everything up.
But it was pretty cool to,
not only cool to see him,
but cool to hear that,
that he's just a different person now, more friendly.
And so I am actually proclaiming Tiger's back.
Wow.
Yeah, well, I mean, you talk about a major fucking dose of humility.
I mean, to go what he went through.
I mean, picture that happened in your own private life.
And I'm a nobody.
If your wife chased you out of the house, you crash into a fire hydrant,
you get with a golf club.
I mean, if the neighborhood knows that, it's fucking bad news,
let alone the whole goddamn fucking planet.
And then every skank from here to fucking Pensacola comes out of the woodwork.
Man, that's rough.
So yeah, it's nice to see he's acknowledging the little people.
No offense.
Oh, I am.
To Tiger, I am a little person.
Ahmad Rashad, I know a little Ahmad Rashad trivia for you.
Ahmad Rashad, well, quickly, I don't know if people even know who he is, but he was
an enormous sports anchor in the U.S. all over, right?
No, no, he was an athlete.
He was an athlete, right?
He was born Bobby Moore, and he became a Muslim, changed his name to Ahmad Rashad.
Bobby Moore was his name.
He played college football.
Outstanding wide receiver for the Minnesota Vikings.
Okay, so I didn't know he was awesome in the NFL.
Was he like Hall of Fame awesome?
Not Hall of Fame,
but he was a really good
wide receiver.
But he was then known
as a big-time NBC sports guy, right?
Right.
After he retired,
he went into sports.
And he was OJ's boy.
Right?
Like they were boys.
So now what I'm wondering is,
was that the end of him?
Like why isn't he around anymore?
He's still around.
He was huge.
He's just not doing as much stuff.
He's probably fucking loaded. He's hanging with Tiger on golf courses.
What do you need to do? He worked for 30 years
and I think he's just enjoying the fruits now.
Okay, that's phenomenal then. I love it.
I thought it was more like he's not that big
of a deal anymore. So you're saying it's probably
his decision. He's like, I'm done.
He retired 35 years
ago. So I think he did
a lot of work. He worked hard for the NBA
for years and I think he's just enjoying life now.. So I think, yeah, I think he did his work, a lot of work. He worked hard for the NBA for years,
and I think he's just
enjoying life now.
But what I was getting to,
he did an on-TV proposal,
well, to his wife.
It was during,
I want to say,
No way they're still married.
Huh?
No way they're still married.
No, they're not.
No, no,
his ex-wife was,
was Felicia fucking Rashad
from,
well, Felicia Allen
at the time.
Felicia fucking Rashad.
That's her middle name.
Mrs. Crosby from the Crosby Show. They were dating at the time, andicia fucking Rashad. That's her middle name. Mrs. Cosby
from the Cosby Show.
They were dating at the time
and I want to say
it was a Thanksgiving dinner,
Thanksgiving game
and he was doing his live show
and he's like,
hey, Bob,
Felicia's down.
He goes,
tell her I want to marry her.
He proposed.
He didn't actually say it to her
which is kind of funny.
He actually said it
to Costas or whoever
and then they related to her
and then she said yes
but he proposed
on live TV. It's on YouTube if you want to in the thing. And then they related to her. Then she said yes. Really? But he proposed.
Yeah, on live TV.
It's on YouTube if you want to check it out. Yeah, so that was my tiger story.
It was actually pretty sick.
It was pretty sick.
Nice.
Didn't get hit with any spray bodily fluids.
That's always a plus.
Disgusting.
All right.
Well, listen, guys.
That's episode 66.
Shout out to the great Mario Lemieux once again.
Maybe if he wasn't injured, would be holding the all-time record for points.
I think he probably would be.
Yeah, I think it's...
But it was fun to come over.
I will be in town next week, so I'll be on the couch again.
Awesome.
Yeah, maybe we'll try a...
We got to try actually maybe line up some Olympians.
I wrote some guys on Twitter.
Maybe talk to some guys, see how they're going.
Maybe if...
Let's see how they turn.
Yeah, let's see if they've won.
But Go USA, let's pick it up.
And thanks for listening, as always.
Peace out. Take care. Thanks again to
Kevin D'Axa. Have a great weekend. big man someday. You got mud on your face, you big disgrace, kicking your can
all over the place. Singing
we will, we
will rock you.
