Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Death Wish.
Death Wish is in theaters March 2nd, and I cannot wait to see it.
Bruce Willis is back, and he's going to be kicking some major ass.
If you're not familiar, it's a remake of the 1970s Death Wish that starred Charles Bronson
as a man whose family is assaulted, and he goes out to seek revenge.
And who better to go kick some ass than Bruce Willis?
How far would you go to protect your family?
Go see Death Wish.
You'll see how far Bruce Willis does it.
Movie's looking great.
Tons of action.
You've got to see it in the big screen, man.
I know we all like to watch stuff at home nowadays, but you got to go.
You got to go see it in the theater.
Get the full immersive experience.
You got Bruce Willis.
I mean, come on.
Die hard.
Look who's talking.
Pulp Fiction.
One of the greats of our time.
Elizabeth Shue.
Adventures in Babysitting.
Cocktail.
Vincent D'Onofrio.
Well known from Full Metal Jacket.
And we got Dean Norris
from one of the greatest TV shows ever,
Breaking Bad.
Great cast.
Can't wait to see it myself.
March 2nd, Death Wish.
Be there.
Thank you. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 67 of Spittin' Chitlets, brought to you by Bosco Sports. What up, what up?
Ryan Whitney.
What's going on?
Hey, so Ricard Raquel, number 67.
I was gonna go with...
Tricky Ricky Raquel, number 67. I was going to go with... Tricky Ricky, Raquel. He's nasty.
I was going to go with Benoit Pouillot,
but I didn't want to do a Canadian guy
because America kicked Canada's ass last night.
It'd be my goal.
So I did a Swede.
That's why I did a Swede.
There you go.
Dude, an incredible game last night.
It was awesome.
Absolutely amazing game.
One of the best hockey games I've ever seen.
Suck it, Canada.
Suck on that one.
What a fucking game it was.
I mean, the fucking drama.
Listen, we're not going to complain about the shooter.
We obviously prefer overtime.
No, I'm going to complain about it.
All right, it's the Olympics.
But, dude, the drama there.
The U.S. goes up.
They give up the lead.
They tie it late on an absolute snipe.
Overtime.
I mean, before the overtime,
Canada almost scores with a minute left.
America's newest hero, Maddie Rooney.
Unbelievable. 20-year-old goalie.
What grade is she in? Seriously, I
said she was going to celebrate Pound and Shirley
Temples all night. She looks like she's like the little
girl next door. And she's
from Minnesota, right? I mean, that was
a performance. Both goalies were
phenomenal. We're sick. Phenomenal. Zabatos and Canada was amazing. I said, like? I mean, that was a performance. Both goalies were phenomenal. We're sick. Phenomenal.
Zabatos and Kano was amazing.
I said, like, you know, I was
following the men's more closely, but
you're just basically waiting for the gold medal
game. That's the only unfortunate thing that
it's going to be them two. So I
was working at NHL Network earlier this year
and we did one of their, they did
an exhibition series. I don't know the exact
situation it was. I think they played seven or eight games, something don't know the exact situation it was.
I think they played seven or eight games, something like that, leading up to the Olympics.
So we did a game at NHL Network, did the intermission reports.
And Canada won late, I think in overtime.
And they had won like seven in a row.
USA won the first one and Canada whooped them the rest of them.
So, you know, obviously I think Canada is probably the stronger team, right?
You play a team that many times, you figure it out like you you know you get to the olympics it's
one game so they played in the round robin part and i knew if the u.s won that game they're probably
not winning the gold medal it's it's it's going to be too hard to beat that team twice let alone
once so they lost the first one is like totally fine you know they're going to meet in the it's
they're they're meeting anyways it's not going to be a big deal um in terms of getting back to playing them again
and that was like their best chance they'd lost the first one you knew it wasn't gonna be you
know like oh we're not gonna beat these guys again which can get in your head like we barely beat
them you know before in eight games we're not gonna beat them twice so they lose that first
one they play well though and then what a game and then it was they got the first goal hillary
knight by the way is a beast out there.
She looks like Eric Lindros in front of the net with the sick tip.
She's just bigger than everyone.
Straight out of the 1990s NHL Power Forward playbook.
She looked like Kachaka on the clear on that.
So they get the lead, right?
And it's like, all right, well, this is perfect.
This is all I need.
You know Canada's coming back.
But then fast forward, right?
It's such a good game.
Fast forward to the shootout.
Hillary Knight has the game on her stick, the gold medal on her stick if she scores i if there was
live betting and you had time like in the middle of the show that's empty bank account that's like
schmills on schmills on schmills on hillary knight burying that one she missed i'm like oh my god
like what's you know what's gonna happen now like you're like oh like that felt like it was it that
felt like it was the moment. And thank God she did miss
in a way because we got to see one of the
filthiest shootout moves.
Pavel Datsyuk
was probably clapping
in the Olympic Village watching
that, giving her props because that was
Datsyuk and Deke. It was sick.
And the fact that you do it with that much on the line
made it that special.
Well, we saved it for the show.
Lamoureux, correct?
Lamoureux, yeah.
She was a twin sister on the team.
It's pretty cool.
I personally, I mean, I know Peter Forsberg's goal back when Sweden beat Canada.
What was that?
94, the hammer.
Now, that became a postage stamp.
Iconical.
I mean, I think it might have been a better goal.
I think it might have been a better goal.
I mean, we hadn't seen Forsberg do that before, but I don't know, man.
I jumped out of my fucking seat watching that last night.
I mean, she faked with the five-hole, so she bit, but she still was, you know,
it wasn't the play, and then she faked, so the goalie went to her right.
I mean, and she still almost made it to save.
That was a great play-by-play.
She faked, and the goalie went down, and then she faked,
and then you went to the right.
Yeah, and she basically bit the down, and then she faked, and then you went to the right. Yeah, and she basically bit the right, and then she fucking, Lambert went to her forehand,
and she still almost made a save.
No, she didn't sniff making the save.
He had her so beat.
He could have beat her.
The move was so good.
The move was so good, the goalie was literally on her ass, on her back, like, oh my god,
that girl still has the puck. Because she had such range in the width of taking it to her backhand like you see
you're you know you're young you always practice like getting the puck out wide on stick handles
she brought it as far as she could her backhand a lot of times it goes off your toe into the corner
if i did it she dragged it back goalie's dead and it was Forsberg's, though, that was like the first time anyone ever saw the bring the goalie over and then one-hand it back.
Barkov does it now so good.
So to me, maybe it's just because that was  I was 11.
It was like peacocky.
Nothing will ever beat that.
But the fact that this was USA, and I mean that moves right there.
Well, what I mean is obviously she scored the goal. But Zabito, she did get her.
She still managed to get her stick from a goalie.
But still managed to get her stick on the ice after getting put in a pretzel seven times.
And still, I thought, like, I mean, I was like, fuck, she's going to make this fucking save.
But I had never, like, to that level, the balls to pull, the courage, the audacity, I guess, whatever word you want to use.
Just like, just.
Yeah, the jock straps.
I mean, do women wear cups?
I believe they wear pelvic protectors.
Okay, okay, I respect that.
They got to protect their pelvis.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
I think that the way that she just had that much confidence to try it was the most impressive to me.
You're thinking at that point, talk about trusting your abilities and what you've practiced your whole life.
thinking at that point like talk about trusting your abilities and what you've practiced your whole life and speaking of like whole life uh did i tell the story of when i i scrimmaged against
like the 98 women's olympic team i don't know if i ever told you like in high school we played
against them like they you know they would come around and practice against like i think i don't
even know if it was my my high school team but it was a group you played against like the girls in
like a scrimmage and they weren't like very good you know we're in high school team, but it was a group you played against the girls in a scrimmage. And they weren't very good.
We're in high school, but the game's gotten that much better
where I think now, what is it, 20 years?
It's improved enough where it's like, this is pretty exciting.
Before, I didn't really love watching it,
but last night's game, I mean, that's really exciting.
There's errors, and you talked about the skill level
before we started.
How skilled are
they like they're really skilled it just doesn't happen at that high of a pace so when you get
used to watching a little slower pace but then the skills there it's just it made it an incredible tv
the the women's hockey game and just you know women in hockey in general sloppy a little sometimes
that's the thing you know what i thought last night i don't know if it was the the ice or like
the pucks it's just i thought last night's I don't know if it was the ice or the pucks. I thought last night's game wasn't aesthetically the best game, like you're saying.
There was some missed passes, whatever.
Also nerves, right?
At the beginning of the game, there's big-time nerves.
Just the overall level of play, and just like women in America playing hockey,
I think back to you talking.
I used to go to all my brother's games.
We're going back 30, 35 years.
And you would see maybe one girl on maybe every fourth town would have someone's little tomboy sister who was good.
And, of course, once puberty hit, the boys would grow big.
The boys would grow big.
The boys would get big, hit puberty.
The girls, whatever, they couldn't physically play with them anymore.
And now to go from that, having one girl on one random suburb team,
to have it at this level, to skill on these women, it's amazing.
And I don't know, man.
It's not like you put it on.
You know when you watch, whatever, I'll kick, we always pick on basketball.
But when you put women's basketball on, it's just not as pleasing to watch as men's basketball.
Yeah, but I don't even like watching men's basketball.
Okay.
But when you put women's ice hockey on, I have no issues at all. I enjoy it just as much as watching the guys.
I think the skill is off the fucking charts.
I actually went to the same high school as Callie Flanagan.
Really?
Yeah, Callie Flanagan on the U.S. women's team.
And her freshman year, she was only at Burlington for a year
and then went out to Lake Placid.
But the most dominant women's high school player I've ever seen.
She was a freshman?
She was actually, if I'm not mistaken, she played while she was in eighth grade.
And she was so dominant.
I've never seen something like it.
Well, so, yeah, I mean, the fact that there's that many girls playing is great now.
I mean, it's only growing, too.
It seems like it's getting more popular.
I can't believe the fact that a lot of these girls are still playing college, too,
which shows that that's where...
So you see that there's the end...
Is it the women's NHL?
WNHL?
Yeah, NWF.
So there's teams kind of all over, but, man, they haven't had any traction yet.
I don't know if they really ever, ever will.
But if this game can grow anything, it's going to help that.
Because, I mean, you've got to think there's plenty of girls out there
who are going to want to play hockey even more right now after seeing that.
That's basically what it's...
I don't think it's going to lead into TV of the women's NHL.
But it's just getting more girls playing.
And then years later, you look, all right, maybe someday this is on TV.
Out of all women's sports, do you think hockey has the best chance of succeeding and professionally at least
no basketball already has yeah but i'm saying you know going forward um i don't know it's just
always going to be a tough selling people don't even watch the nhl if you look at like the real
numbers like it's like i don't think it'll i mean i just can't picture it i hope i hope it i hope it
does um i mean but you don't you don't have to be like I mean, I just can't picture it. I hope it does.
I mean, but you don't have to be like on TV to necessarily be really successful.
You could  I mean, the league's going right now.
Let's see how it goes.
Hopefully in five, ten years it's still around and doing well.
But I think TV contract would be the most ideal.
I just don't know if that will ever happen. And then, you know, just  well, unfortunately the game was on very late,
so probably not a lot of little girls watching.
But it's not even about, you know, going pro
or getting on TV later.
It's like, okay, if you've got a daughter
who wants to play hockey now,
this opens up so many doors, like, you know,
not only just having a competition and playing sports,
but you're talking college scholarships.
I mean, I had a buddy whose daughter
played at St. A's a few years ago
because she was, you know,
probably didn't get a partial scholarship
because she was so good.
Yeah, if you're saving money, you know,
like, yeah, I remember I got a scholarship from my dad. so good. Yeah, if you're saving money, you know, like, yeah.
I remember I got a scholarship from my dad.
He just saved us 200,000.
It's incredible.
It opens so many other doors for them that, you know,
you might not be a pro hockey player,
but you can go out and get a college degree for playing hockey.
There are just so many good opportunities.
And what's great, the irony in all of this is, you know,
we were shitting all over the NHL,
oh, how are we going to show hockey to the world?
Well, you couldn't have given a better example
than what the women did last night.
Yeah, it's not the NHL, but who cares?
Like, anybody watching that game, I mean, you know,
you had Steph Curry tweeting about it.
Oh, Leslie Jones body bagging Pierre Maguire on thing.
Oh, by the way, we got our boy Mike Commodore.
Commie's joining us. I think he wants to marry
Leslie Jones. Is he definitely coming on? He's in
Vegas, so we're not exactly sure.
We hope so, but if not, you understand
why Commie is. He's still in one. He hasn't
slept, I bet. But it's just funny that
What happened with that? Can you play that
Pierre clip?
Okay, fuck, asshole.
Why the fuck would you
ask her that right now
in the middle of a fucking game
that she's playing right now?
Thank you.
Thank you for putting that
in her motherfucking head.
You know what?
Get your ass the fuck away
from the hockey players.
You know what?
I swear to God.
I swear to God.
See, when I go,
y'all lose your fucking mind.
What the fuck would you
ask her that for?
I mean, that's unreal.
He's just crushing them.
By the way, quickly, though, shout out to Canada.
They hadn't lost a game since the 98 gold medal game in the Olympics, which is pretty incredible.
They had to lose it last night.
I was happy.
But what a run they went on.
And I think their men, quickly into the men's Olympics, it's probably going to be them and Russia.
When people are listening to this, I don't know if it'll be set,
but Canada is playing Finland and Russia's playing...
Who's Russia playing?
Russia's playing Czech and Canada's playing Germany, sorry.
Canada's playing Germany.
So I think it'll be Canada-Russia.
That should be actually a good game too.
In a Men's Olympics that hasn't been really much to watch,
hasn't been that fun to watch,
I think Canada-Russia in the gold medal game would be pretty cool.
Yeah, that was a disappointment on all that you said on the men's side.
You know, just the way they built that.
We said it from the beginning.
I'm no builder of a team.
I'm no GM.
But we said bring  we interviewed Casey Middlestead and Brady Kachok. We're like, hey, maybe you'll get a
call. Their three best players were
the three college players. Troy Terry
is filthy. He's a
wizard. Anaheim has
a gem with that kid.
The way he handles the puck is unreal.
And Ryan Donato put on a show. I wonder when
you'll see him in Boston, and I wonder when you'll see
Terry in Anaheim.
I don't know if they'll wait until their college season's end or they'll hop in right now,
but that's going to be interesting.
They'll both help out both clubs, I think.
Of the 11 goals scored by U.S., the college players had part in nine of them.
Yeah, so.
That's crazy.
And one other note, too, is that was Canada was trying to win their fifth straight gold medal.
The women last night in America thwarted them.
That's the second time a U.S. team has thwarted a team trying to win their fifth straight gold medal. The women last night in America thwarted them. That's the second time a U.S. team has thwarted
a team trying to win their fifth gold medal
because Russia was about to win their fifth
back in 1980.
A couple of boys pulled off a little miracle.
By the way, 38 years to the day.
The ladies won. Pretty wild.
There you go.
The men's team, that's what it tweeted.
No miracle needed on the hashtag.
Let's not get carried away. I saw someone in the picture of that above. I'm like, that's what it tweeted. No miracle needed on the hashtag. Yeah, let's not get carried away.
I saw someone's picture of that above.
I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Yeah, no, it's just a date thing.
I think it's just that Team USA won a gold medal 38 years later.
Yeah, I think people realize it was the miracle fact that doesn't thing.
So unreal game last night.
I can't get enough of that goal.
The trade, meanwhile, moving to the NHL, I'm not
even stoned today. I'm just fucking exhausted
because I stayed up. That's why I'm a little
off.
I am a little off.
I think you're so tired that you're
over. You're just wound up
a little bit. Exactly.
The game was up until 3 o'clock. You watched
the medal stuff. It was adrenaline.
I was down on my bank. Jumping up and down celebrating last night yeah i i think that the as the trade
sent trade deadline approaches um we're starting to get a little action right you saw you saw um
tobias tobias tobias rider go to la along with scott wedgwood for uh is it darcy darcy campner
he signed an extension with Arizona already.
They're going to try to sign Ronta, I believe.
You mentioned that.
So, I mean, they're getting two goalies signed.
That's good.
But L.A., you know, they tried to get Ryder to help out.
But Kemper had been awesome for the Kings.
So I think Quick started playing better.
He had a good game in Buffalo.
They won last week.
And he's going to start building that.
But he'd been struggling.
So L.A. is looking to make a push. And that should be actually a good game in Buffalo. They won last week, and he's going to start building that, but he'd been struggling. So LA's
looking to make a push, and that should be actually
a good help for them, I think,
getting a forward like Ryder who can skate and help
on the PK. So that's our first
kind of taste of the trade action.
We're hearing crazy stuff.
We're hearing Carlson.
We're hearing Ryan McDonough.
I think
it was a pretty significant trade.
It was Philly getting Peter Mrazek from Detroit
for a couple of conditionals.
Because I'll tell you, man, he's been one of the better goalies
in the league for the last month and a couple of months.
I know that Philly, well, we'll get to them in a second,
but I think that could be a pretty big move for Philly going forward, man.
That's a guy who, you know, Detroit obviously hasn't done anything
in the last couple of years.
But he's a goalie who I think he's a pretty good goalie on a bad team.
So it's going to be interesting what's going on forward.
We're going to have, like I said, Kami.
Oh, the insider.
The insider.
Pack your shit.
We're going to save a little for them.
You hear, like, you know, there rumors that carlson could end up on
the lightning like holy shit uh that team would be such a wagon but then you also hear what it
would take to get him it's you're talking like two first round picks braden point um it could be even
more stuff involved and then you start thinking like how much do you pay to get it get it get a
superstar like that especially when you're on a team that's rolling. I wouldn't trade Braden Point.
I really wouldn't. You try to get Carlson
after a free agency year or maybe after this summer,
but with the team you have right now,
I don't think you include him in something.
He's an all-star this year. They have depth
up front, but it's just the asking
prices of these stars, and Ryan McDonough
too, the asking price. You hear the Bruins are involved.
You hear Toronto's involved.
It's crazy.
You can't expect to give that up for
these players as good as they are and
think you're still going to have the same team or even have
the same team a couple years from now.
It makes no sense to me, the asking price. That's why
I think those guys won't be moved, the big dogs,
unless the asking price goes down.
If it doesn't, you wait until the draft
and see what happens then. But right now, what people
want is just ridiculous.
There won't be trades if that's the case.
Yeah, and you know.
With big, with stars, I'm saying.
Collison's going to be making ridiculous money, too, wherever he ends up. And if he ever did end up in Tampa, you're talking, you know, Stamkos, Hedman,
no, Maslakov.
There's so many guys on the team.
Kucherov's decent.
Tons of money, you know what I mean? I don't know if that's going to happen. What's that? No, I. Kucherov's decent. Tons of money, you know what I mean?
I don't know if that's going to happen.
What's that?
No, I said Kucherov's decent, too.
Yeah, Kucherov.
That's the one.
Again, I'm brain-fied city today.
He pulled off that move again the other night.
Yeah, people are saying that he didn't mean to do that.
He 100 meant it.
I think Ray Ferraro tweeted.
Our boy Ray said,
Oh, what are you talking about?
Do you mean to do that?
Unless I had missed sarcasm in the tweet or whatever,
but that was 100 on purpose.
Anyone with hands does.
He went over the puck twice.
I mean, the guy that good isn't going to just, like,
miss the puck when he tried it.
The amazing thing was it wasn't a shootout.
It was actually in the game.
And he's done it before.
He's still, yeah, he's done it.
Usually he does it and he just, I think,
what does he go to his forehand and leaves it?
That one he actually looked like he was, like, over it.
And you saw after the goal, he was disgusted with himself.
Yeah, Holtby, yeah.
He's like, are you fucking kidding me?
Holtby's like, you know, that's like getting shown up almost.
I want to go smash that guy in the head with my goalie paddle.
Oh, speaking of Tampa, do you see the picture we tweeted out
from the check outside Twitter account of Andre Schuster's face?
Oh, my God.
Did you see that, Mikey?
And what side?
He was actually...
He was responding
to a dirty hit
on his teammate
and the dude Wood
on New Jersey
and Wood just popped him
right away.
He actually broke his visor
and that's what happened.
The visor, like,
went into his face.
What's a savage?
Huh?
What's a savage?
Yeah, that was a pretty
fucking nasty gas.
Check that out, too.
Yeah, I mean,
that was disgusting. Still nothing like
Taylor Halls. I've shown you guys
the picture. Maybe we could tweet it out. I wonder
if Halsey would care. Shout out to Halsey, who's a
legit MVP candidate, by the way.
Maybe we can get him back on before the playoffs.
He had some quotes, too.
He's dominating this year. They asked him
about why he's having such a good year.
He made a reference to basically
there's accountability here. With? Oh, wasn't he? He's saying, my a good year. He made a reference to basically there's accountability here.
Oh, wasn't there?
He's saying, my coach is here.
He goes, I've never had this kind of accountability before.
Basically, it sounds like they just never sat him down
and talked to him when he was playing at Edmonton.
That was what came through.
Just a nice little shot over at Edmonton.
Dude, well, we've got to give the Flyers some love.
I know Philly's your favorite city, Witts, but, I mean, the tear they've gone on,
they went from what we call Philadelphia no-man's land,
and now they're three points back at Washington for the Metropolitan.
I mean, they're pretty well locked into a playoff spot.
And what's ironic is their goaltenders haven't been doing
I mean, they've been doing the job, but Neupirth's the best save percentage at 9-1-5,
Elliott 9-0-8.
That's why they grabbed Mrazek for sure.
Exactly.
I mean, nobody talks about Voracek.
I never hear people talking about Voracek.
Did we ask Kami about him before on this podcast?
Because Kami's boys with him.
Yeah, maybe early, one of his early appearances. Because I wouldn't mind
getting another, I mean, if I don't remember
it, I'm sure the listeners don't, but
my memory's pathetic.
So, Phillies, Vorechek's a big
reason. Giroux's been sick this year.
They got guys that, like other people, you know, that
Travis Konechny's real good. He's physical, like
fast, young player. Couturier's
having this season that nobody saw. He's like a
great defensive center. He's got over 30 goals. Unreal.
Point per game, pretty much. So they've had some
offense. The guys just have these huge offensive
years. Provorov on
D. He's a nice, nice player, too.
Russian D-man. Can skate, move the puck.
So, I mean, they've got some
good players there that they've kind of
turned around quick, too. So, you know, I think it wouldn't
have been fair as the
GM to not go out and get a goalie
when, what's his name,
got hurt.
Norvath got hurt. So you got to go get a goalie
and show. Listen, guys, we're with you here.
Now, Elliot, I think he's got good hockey in him.
He's awesome in St. Louis, but last year Calgary was
kind of, you know, he struggled a little bit.
And this year he's been up and down. So
they had to get Mrazek. So, you know, I don't like
Philly.
I hate the place.
But you got to give him credit when credit's due.
Yeah, we got to give him daps.
And we also have to give daps, once again, on the show.
It seems to get old, maybe, but it really doesn't.
Mike Amling.
Huh?
Oh, God. I had a nice win last night in Chicago.
Six-round shootout, though.
Sweating.
Sweating bullets the whole time. But, you know, shootout, though. Sweating. Sweating bullets the whole time.
But, you know, thank you, Chicago.
Dude, Las Vegas Knights, with another fucking home stomping, beat up on Calgary last night
to ensure that they will be the first team in any pro sport, first expansion team in any pro sport,
to have a winning record in their first season, man.
I know we talk about them a lot on the show, but what they've done is amazing. What they've done is
basically
given reason for
so many owners, let's say 30 of them
or maybe 20, 27,
to be furious. Like, why the
fuck are you, is
my team not as good as this team?
This is their first year. Why has
my team been bad for 10 years?
Or been bad for the last four years.
So owners are probably like, what is going on?
It also creates, I mean, the amount of people who probably are going to want the Seattle GM job.
Like people are going to be like, holy fuck, you can get this good this quick.
If these are going to be the rules in terms of getting guys in the expansion draft.
So they're putting pressure on teams to not only play well now,
but basically to figure it out in the future.
Because if you're Bill Foley, you're like, look at my team.
It's our first year.
Suck it.
We're better than everyone else.
This is unreal.
So, I mean, will it last?
Who knows?
But you know that there's GMs feeling the pressure of like, oh, my God,
they're this good, and I've had seven years here.
Like, what's going on with my team?
So, it's an exciting story. It's not going to end.
I'm still picking against them in the first round.
I've made that clear that I don't think
they can match up with another team for seven games.
But we'll talk about that when the playoffs
come. But still, it's an awesome story.
Yeah, it's good shit, man. It's just
doesn't get old, man.
I've been picking against them all year, too. And so,
what do I know? I mean, if you've been betting them puck line at home
You could probably build another casino out in Vegas
Is Call Me calling
He hasn't answered yet
This is when you know
This is when you know a guy's a beauty
We'll go to break
But let me tell you
If we don't get in touch with him
I'll tell you how much of a beauty call me is.
So we'll be right back, hopefully with him.
If not, we can just talk about the maniac that Mr. N1 is himself.
This interview is brought to you by OMAX.
Here on Spit and Chicklets, a lot of times we talk about things
that aren't necessarily healthy for you, like drinking booze and eating bad food.
But sometimes we do want to tell you how to be happier and
healthier. And that's what Omax is here for. There's been tons of studies that show things
that improve your health. You got to talk about it. And you've probably heard about the many
benefits of getting in your daily dose of omega-3s. So now I want to tell you about the
purest way to get them with Omax 3 Ultra Pure. Because if you're going to do something, why not
do it right? Omax 3 Ultra Pure is the purest omega-3 supplement on the market containing nearly 94 high quality omega-3s. It's the purest
option out there. There's no fish burps. You only want those after a nice lobster roll, not when
you're having your omega-3s. There are so many out there on the market, but this one is the purest,
most concentrated one. It's optimal health made easy, tons of benefits in just one supplement.
They're amazing at alleviating your joint pain, muscle soreness, making you feel your best
post-workout. They can improve your focus, memory, boost your cardiovascular health, and much more.
It makes sense to take a daily omega-3 supplement. They have a cool thing they do with the freezer
test challenge. Basically, if you freeze any other omega-3 supplement, it'll get cloudy.
That's all the filler, but an Omax 3 soft gel remains clear. It's that pure, but it's not about
how Omax 3 works. It's about how it makes you feel, so you got to try it for yourself. Omax 3
comes with a 60-day money-back guarantee, so you have plenty of time to try it and really feel the
Omax difference. So go to tryomax.com slash chicklets today to get a box
of Omax 3 Ultra Pure
for free. That's
tryomax.com slash
chicklets. C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S
to get your
free box of Omax 3.
Tryomax.com slash
chicklets. Terms and conditions
apply.
We got our man. We got our man.
We got our man, Mike Commodore, who's getting in one.
What's going on, buddy?
I know we were bugging you.
How annoying were those phone calls?
I was ready to lose my mind.
I ended up last night in Vegas.
Literally, like, well, however long it takes for a hockey game.
I was in there, in and out to the game, crushing drinks, getting in one at the game.
And then I saw you guys would like a guest today, and I told you guys to call and keep
calling until you woke me up.
The first phone call I heard, the second one I got up and went to the bathroom, then the
third and fourth, I was ready to lose my mind.
And then I looked and saw it was Grinnelli, so I'm like, oh, yeah, I told you guys to
keep calling until they wake me up.
You're like, all right, hold on, boys.
Let me just go get a puke out.
Let me puke quick, and I'll be ready to go.
What hotel are you at, Kwame?
What's that?
What hotel are you staying at out there?
No, no.
Oh.
Yeah.
You know what?
It was big balling yesterday.
So I was hanging out here in Scottsdale.
I'm in Arizona right now.
Oh, okay.
And a good buddy of mine that I golf with from Saskatchewan,
Grant McGrath, treated himself
to his own plane a few months
ago.
That's not a big deal, one bit.
Yeah, so we
literally, it was wheels up at 5.30
yesterday.
Landed, gained an hour, landed
an hour, so wheeled down at 5.30.
Aaron, who used to work for the Wings, hooked me up with tickets.
We went to the game, crushed drinks, and came home right after.
What an NHL day that is.
That just makes me, I love hearing that shit.
We're going to be, the same thing in Scotland, just minus Vegas.
Did you play golf earlier in the day?
No, I didn't yesterday.
I went and beat some balls, though.
Yeah, boy.
Still got a couple early drinks.
What did you think of that shootout winner, that goal?
Which one?
Did you get to watch the Women's Olympic, the gold medal game?
Yes, I did.
You know what?
Suck on that one, Commie.
I was in one.
I did.
We were sitting in the private jet
terminal and i saw that you know what i was actually uh so the kid my canadian friends
will be pissed off uh you know what i was actually cheering for the united states of america i gotta
be honest i used to teach those lamoureux girls uh back when they were like fucking eight years
old at the university of north dakota i was a freshman in college, and they would come to the hockey schools.
So I have to admit, after the last couple of years,
I really wanted to see them win a gold medal.
So I was pumped.
I definitely didn't teach Jocelyn that move at all,
but I was happy for them, for sure.
I know you said they were only eight or nine years old when you would teach them. By the way, that's pretty
awesome that you did. Did you see any sort
of skill at that level that
like, wow, these girls are unbelievable?
Were they that good at that age already?
Oh, no doubt about it.
I mean, they were, like, literally, I was 18.
I think they're, whatever the age difference is,
I think they were like 9, 8 or 9.
They were
hands down the best girls in camp,
and there was a lot of them there.
So I would move them in and put them in with the guys.
And they were tenacious.
You could tell right away.
I was like, these girls are really, really good.
I mean, it was awesome.
It was actually a pleasure to coach them.
They were great.
You didn't see the interview.
Somebody actually knew, I don't know what reporter knew,
that you coached them and asked,
did Mike Commodore teach you that move?
And she said no, and then she shotgunned a beer and said,
no, he taught me how to do that.
It must have been Pierre.
Did you see Pierre get a, did you see that,
I saw you tweet that Pierre got roasted
by that girl from Saturday Night Live.
Oh my God, that was funny.
Somebody sent me that on Twitter.
I'm like, what is this?
And I hit play and I literally...
I mean, I was in one last night,
but I was like, there's tears coming out of my eyes.
I listened to that video, I don't know, 25 times.
That was like you as a large black woman.
That was basically your soul inside her body.
The tweet said, the insider just fell in love.
Hashtag shit stain.
Oh, yeah.
So call me.
I have a connection with that woman.
Speaking of the insider, buddy, your phone's buzzing, isn't it?
It's buzzing.
Oh.
I mean, I'm hearing stuff. It is. I'm hearing stuff through you. Every day the trade deadline gets closer.
I know. I know. Are you ready
for it or what? You got any big predictions?
Oh, man.
You know what? I've actually really been
the insider's been working hard this
year. Really trying to, my goal
is to get better every year. You have been.
The first year, I got no trades
right. Literally, I tried to trade
everybody, and I got them all wrong.
Last year, it was looking like another
repeat performance of zero,
and right at the last second, I drilled
that Curtis Lazar trade, and I broke that
motherfucker, so I got one right.
And you got no credit for that either. You didn't get any credit.
I told everyone, I go, Commodore
broke that Lazar blockbuster
trade. Commodore had it.
Lazard for a fucking second rounder.
Terrible trade, but I fucking broke that thing.
You get no credit.
This year, I got to get fucking two right.
I got to get two.
So I've been literally, I want to say, to be totally honest,
I actually get some messages now, which is kind of funny, to be honest.
I get some guys reaching out that actually do.
They'll be like, hey, Mike, I think this might happen.
I'm like, good enough.
Run it.
I always tell people.
I tell people within the hockey world, I'm like, hey, let me know if you hear anything.
I'm not much of an insider or a newsbreaker, but let me know.
They're like, yeah, yeah, no worries.
I'll let you know.
And then every time
something breaks, it's with a team
that I knew friends on. I'm like, where the
fuck were you? Did you not remember? So I'm
definitely just getting the run around. I'm like, wait, you're going to
go talk about it on a podcast. I'm not telling
you shit.
It gets so protective
about it. I got a few people that are like,
I don't
have it coming from everywhere either, definitely,
but a couple people fire it out.
Actually, I stick to the media
a little bit.
I can't reveal my sources because I don't want
to bury them.
Never reveal a source.
So you're the first person
we've talked to that's been to a
Vegas Golden Knights home game, I believe.
What about the atmosphere?
Is it that legit?
Seriously?
No joke.
I went in there.
The rink is...
It was...
Honestly, it was fucking awesome.
That's sick.
Like, top notch.
Like, the warm-up...
I'm not really a DJ guy.
I don't go hang out in clubs anymore.
I put my time in those fucking things.
I can't dance and I can barely hear when it's fucking quiet out.
So the clubs are not good for me.
I need to be able to talk if I'm going to wheel anything.
Yeah, you need your sense of humor to show you're not wheeling on looks.
No.
Oh, fuck no.
Fuck no.
Me and you are pub guys.
We're pub guys, Callie.
That's right.
We got to fucking run our mouths and hopefully we say something funny that attracts them back.
But they have, like, literally the rink was, like,
they had, like, a full-blown live DJ,
but with good tunes, like, pounding for fucking warm-up.
I was watching warm-up, and, I mean, I couldn't give a shit, really.
And I'm like, man, I'm fucking jacked up right now.
I wish I was still playing.
This is fucking awesome.
I got to get out there.
So, Kami.
You got to go.
Just going back to the insider pack your shit talk.
What do you think?
Do you think, first off, Carlson goes this year?
And if so, who do you think is the favorite to land them?
Fuck.
That's a good question.
I have kind of been asking around about that.
It's always tough with...
I think there's definitely a very good possibility, to be honest.
I don't think...
They're asking for so much, man.
I know.
That's the fucking thing.
Were you ever on a...
I'm sorry.
Quickly.
Quickly.
When you were on Carolina and you guys won the Cup,
did you guys make a couple big deals?
You went and got Recchi, right, before the deadline?
Yeah, we went and got Recchi, and we went and got Doug Waite.
And Doug Waite, okay.
Now, when you guys traded for them, if I'm not correct,
Pittsburgh just gave a draft pick and, like, Nicholas Norgren for Recchi.
I don't know what you got for Doug Waite, right?
Just, like, something minor.
Yeah, that's a
fucking great memory yeah it was that and i think for doug wait it might have been
a pick and then it might have been no you know what i think doug wait was for like
maybe mike zigamanis and jesse boulerice okay do not quote me on that so jesse boulerice
shout out the guy he was the guy who got kicked out of the OHL forever, I believe. Savage. But Collin, my point being is that you were on a cup-winning team that
made some moves before the deadline, but you didn't fucking trade away a stud from your
team that year. They're saying Tampa would have to trade away Braden Point, I mentioned
earlier. I just don't see a team making a deal for a superstar when you've got to give away
the guy that's meant so much to you and your
team so far this year that you plan on relying on
to win the cup. You know what I mean?
I couldn't agree more.
Not only
getting rid of a stud on your team,
I also am a big believer
in the locker room, to be honest.
And you start fucking around
with that. I'm going to assume you're having, let's say,
let's say I'm on the fucking Vegas Golden Knights.
You're having a fucking great year.
Everything's rolling.
Fairytale year.
They thought they might be selling, I'm assuming,
at the beginning of the year.
Now they're like they might be buying.
But you've got to be careful, like fucking unloading some dude.
If he's a big part of your team, everything's going well,
chances are he's a good guy, and chances are things are going well in the locker room, fucking unloading some dude. If he's a big part of your team, everything's going well, chances are he's a good guy,
and chances are things are going well in the locker room,
and you fuck with that, not only on the ice,
but the locker room part, too.
I think there's, like, a big risk of fucking everything up.
I completely agree with you.
I mean, speaking of fucking everything up in Vegas,
anything from the real deal James Neal game-breaker?
I mean, he's getting paid this summer.
I'm just wondering what's going to happen.
Have you chatted with him at all?
I have chatted with him.
Fuck, the real deal had the fucking flu.
I don't know what the fuck's wrong with him.
He missed the last two games.
I fuck got there and he's not in warm-up.
I texted him, I said, dude, where the fuck are you?
Dude, he probably had the Giordano flu.
He had the Calgary flu.
What a pussy.
Yeah, you know what?
All I know for sure, he doesn't tell me exactly what is going on,
and I press him to, but I know he loves it in Vegas,
and he wants to stay.
So I think he's trying to stay.
I think he would really, really like to.
I don't know what the years are.
I mean, I don't know.
What would you pay him?
He's on a five for five.
I'm going to guess he probably wants six for six.
Would you sign him to that?
I think I would.
I mean, dude, he's 30 goals a year.
The question is, he's going to want, I think he starts with a six money-wise,
and he's going to want seven years, you know?
I don't know if he'll get it.
I think he's turning, he's probably turning, what, 31 or 30?
Maybe I'm off. He might not even be
30 yet.
I think he's... Well, he'd be close.
I mean, it's been in the league for 10 years, right?
10 or 11. I think he's 30.
Okay, so, I mean, that's...
Yeah, it's... I think
somebody gives him six times six
around there. Maybe it's five
years, but that's going to be a deal that you've just got to hope
at the end of his career he's staying in Tom Brady's shape.
He's keeping up.
The real deal, James Neal, the game-breaker, who knows?
I mean, he's just a straight-up sniper.
He is a fucking sniper, that guy.
I do like watching it.
He is a dirty motherfucker.
I love it.
I love him on my team.
We'll get him on chicklets.
Call me.
If you were the GM of Vegas, what would you do?
Would you stand pat?
I mean, would you sell off any pieces?
I mean, you have to go for it.
You're fucking first place overall in the league.
You got to go for the cup.
What do you do if you are the GM of the Vegas Golden Knights, call me?
I would, oh, you fucking go for it for sure.
That's a no-brainer. You know what? Like, I would be very, Oh, you fucking go for it for sure. That's a no brainer.
You know what?
Like I,
I would be very,
very fucking careful.
Even if like a guy like,
let's say Neil,
like for instance,
let's say,
let's say they're trying to get a contract done right now.
And fucking James wants whatever.
Let's just throw a fucking insanely high number.
James wants fucking seven years,
10 million bucks a year.
And you're at sitting at six for six or whatever.
And you can't get them done.
I mean, I guess you could trade them, right, and try and get
something, but I think that fucks with everything.
I would be very, very...
I would look to add something. If there's a
piece that I could... Like we talked about
earlier, there's a piece I could add and get rid
of one of those draft picks or something like that.
Don't they have a fucking million
draft picks this year, too?
Yeah, I don't know.
They're in such a tough spot because you're right,
they do have to go for it, but I mean,
they can set themselves back big time if all of a sudden this year
they're trading away like two or three first round picks
or a couple first rounders, a couple second rounders.
I mean, you know, and then if it does come to the case
where you lose James Neal for nothing,
all of a sudden next year you're looking at like,
are we actually going to go back to what we thought we were going to be this year?
It's going to be interesting to see what happens because it's a huge question mark.
Yeah, definitely.
You know what?
The more I think about it, I would fucking, you know what?
It's been a fairytale fucking year there.
Everybody's having a fucking career year.
I would fucking, unless there's something,
unless you can get something you think you really need for fucking basically
nothing, I would just fucking
stand pat and just fucking let her buck.
Fuck it.
That's perfectly said. Well, dude,
listen, we appreciate you calling in so much.
Give me what's on tap for today
in Scottsdale.
Oh, man, do you want me to be
totally honest with you?
Make me feel real bad. Is it a 36 day?
No, it's not a 36 day.
I am going to go...
First off, I'm going to get a little bit
to eat if I can stomach it right now.
I'm fucking hungover.
And then I'm going to wander down to Whisper Rock.
Yep, sauna.
I'm going to warm up on the green a little bit, work on my stroke.
Executive.
I'm going to put 18 in me, try and keep it out of the bush.
Hold on, are we boozing in this 18, or is this going to be a sober 18?
You know what?
The first nine, I won't.
Then I'll see the cart girl after nine.
I'll have two doubles.
I like to lean on them there.
I'll have a couple doubles, and then I'll see how doubles if you'd like to lean on them there I'll have a couple doubles
and then I'll see how the back goes
and then it might be an emergency nine
and then I'm going to floor it
Thursday night in Scottsdale
it's pretty fucking good
oh my god
oh man it's going to be shitty out here
I'm going to be changing diapers
I love you buddy
I miss you
I miss you
alright dude we appreciate it so much
thanks for us
sorry for waking you up
with a Grinnelli voice in your ear, but we appreciate it.
No, no, no, no.
I'm glad you guys did this.
This is a great way to kick my day off.
Exactly.
You're ready to go.
All right, go low, buddy.
Thanks so much, Colm.
We always love having you on, buddy.
Anytime, guys.
All right, brother.
See you, Colm.
I'll talk to you soon.
Thanks, bud.
This week's interview was also brought to you by HIMSS.
Guys out there, we get a little bit older.
Sometimes there's problems that
pop up that we don't always like to talk about, or sometimes things don't pop up and we don't
want to talk about it. That's why we have 4himss.com, a one-stop shop for your hair loss,
skin care, and sexual wellness solutions for men. You know, going back to erectile dysfunction,
you know, over 25 of new cases are guys under 40.
It's something guys struggle with.
They don't want to talk about.
And even, you know, the world's best actor can't fake having an erection.
So that's why you got to go to 4HIMS to get this stuff taken care of.
We got the medical-grade solutions, real-life doctors offering well-known advice.
These aren't supplements.
There's no waiting room.
There's no awkward doctor visits.
You go to 4HIMS.com.
You let them know your situation is, and they take care of you it comes right to your door nobody knows your business
you can't get your soldiers to salute you certainly don't want the neighbors knowing about that you
don't even want your old lady knowing about it frankly but you can't really hide that one from
us so you know you go to forhims.com check out all their products check out whatever whatever
they could do for you there's tons of stuff But if you're having a little problem with, like I said,
with getting the little guy to salute, then check it out at 4hims.com.
Severe ED, it's not just an issue for old rich guys in bathtubs.
It affects guys of all ages.
And like I say, guys aren't comfortable talking about it because, you know,
we kind of attach our willy to our masculinity sometimes a little too much.
Being your best means performing your best. So, so you know go out and get yourself improved hard made easy say hello to
your little friend try hymns for a month today for just five dollars man we'll get you started for
just five bucks while supplies last see website for full details This would cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or pharmacy. So go to 4hims.com
slash hockey.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S
dot com slash
hockey. 4hims
dot com slash hockey.
Thank you to our man.
Hurting right now, but that's
so legit. Just a quick jet to LA.
Quick jet to Vegas.
Watch the game.
Quick jet home.
Golf today.
Commie's living it.
Dude, honestly, the fact we had to rattle him out of his cage, get him up while hung
over to bring him to the show, it just enhanced this.
I actually would have completely forgot because I don't answer a phone number that I don't
have saved.
If it's just numbers, I have never answered one of them, never will.
So Commie's probably like, I would have been like, who is this?
And just kept deleting it. But I'm glad he
remembered. I'm glad he remembered talking to us
last night. Fortunately, he did say
to... He did say to... Oh, quickly,
by the way, I wanted to say
congrats to my buddy
Rob Bellamy and his sister. She was
on the gold medal Olympic team.
I'm trying to think of her first name right now. I'm really...
Is it Casey Bellamy? Can we look that up now. I'm really, is it Casey Bellamy?
Can we look that up quick, Grinelli?
Is it Casey Bellamy?
Either way, listen to Rob on iTunes.
Rob Bellamy, great singer, great guy,
and his sister's now a gold medal winner.
So congrats to their family.
I was really happy for them.
Yeah, I'm still ecstatic over this game.
We're bringing up our new favorite segment
when we take questions from listeners.
This week was
so sold in the submissions.
We got a couple decent ones,
but just a quick...
It could be running
its course in a sense.
You know,
we got to figure it out.
Sometimes...
Yeah, Casey Bellamy,
I got that right.
You know,
sometimes the questions
that you get the same ones
over and over
we've mentioned.
Yeah.
So, you know,
we'll do our best.
We'll figure out
how to maybe make it a little different if we can.
And a quick shout out to your employer.
I believe this screenshot was from the NHL Network.
They used All Right Hamilton in one of their graphics last night.
Dougie Hamilton ripping it up.
Dougie Hamilton.
Yeah.
All right.
First question, Mikey.
Fire away.
All right.
Joe ST asked, what is your favorite summer vacation spot?
All right, Hamilton.
Summer vacation.
I don't know.
What's yours?
Dorchester?
Adams Village.
I was going to say initially Nantucket because it's like being on a tropical island and somehow you're still in Massachusetts.
But you know what?
My sneaky summer getaway spot, now that I'm a little older and quiet
and I don't get in one as much, love Vermont, man.
I love the fucking quiet serenity of New York.
You go from the city to the country.
Yeah.
It's like I go to the same place every summer.
It's a little lakeside cottage, perfect spot,
far enough from civilization where you just go RR.
I love myself Vermont.
Yeah, any time of year, but it's probably one of my favorite states.
I love Saratoga.
That's where I ran into you once.
The second time I met you, I think, was that  remember, you ran into me in Foley there.
So it's a great  I mean, the track, once the track opens, it's the best place.
My boy Matt Murley, who's on the show before, he is the legend up in Toga.
He says when he retires finally from playing in every continent in the world
that he will be living there in the summers.
I can't wait.
My brother's bachelor party is there this year, opening weekend.
So you go there.
You bet that the race is all day.
There's a sick golf course.
Toga is the best.
Bars are open until 4.
I love it.
But in terms of vacationinging um i i don't go
somewhere and ever like sit around like you're saying you just like like i i i can't sit for
more than an hour so i go somewhere where i golf and then i'll go get up in the morning and i'll
golf and then you know meet my wife or whoever hopefully you know the best is when you go with
friends gotta go on vacation with other couples you can can hang out with your buddies. You go golf.
Girls hang out, dinner at night.
So that's my ideal vacation is somewhere I can golf.
I love Nantucket.
I don't really go away in the summer, to be honest with you, because, by the way, I hate when I say, to be honest.
I fucking hate when I say that because I'm being told that that sounds stupid because obviously I'm being honest when I'm talking.
I hate when I do that.
Sounds stupid because obviously I'm being honest when I'm talking.
I hate when I do that.
So I don't go away in the summer, though,
because we have three nice months of weather in Massachusetts.
So I like going away in the winter.
Summer, it's finally nice here. I don't want to go anywhere.
I actually want to enjoy it.
So summer, I'm sticking around here.
Maybe a little Nantucket action.
And winter, just somewhere warm with golf.
Hawaii is the balls.
What about you, Grinnelly?
Countdown's begun. Fegali countdown has begun. Oh, I used to rip up Fegali. Me too, golf. Hawaii is the balls. What about you, Grinnelly? Countdown's begun. Fugawi countdown
has begun. Oh, I used to rip up
Fugawi. Me too, man. It's so hot.
You went? Oh, yeah. Fugawi.
I didn't think it was around when you were
partying age. I helped
start the Fugawi. Yeah, I used to go to Nantucket
a lot, all the time
back when I was drinking a lot more
and partying a lot more. I'm the old born married
guy now.
But Nantucket's the blast.
You're just saying, that's what's great about New England and Massachusetts is in the summertime,
we don't have to go anywhere.
We got great weather here.
If you want the mountains, you go up to the mountains, you got the beaches.
Everything's within fucking three hours tops around here. Yeah.
The other nine months just blow.
Yeah, fall's great.
Scottsdale actually is a sick place in the winter.
I love it.
Yeah, fall is great.
So, yeah, I mean, that's what I'm looking at in terms of vacation.
All right, boys.
So, Single Dude in L.A. asked,
who are the craziest partiers in the Olympic Village?
I mean, if you're really going to have them all rip it up and whatever,
no one rips it up like hockey players.
I mean, unless it's a team of nerds.
If you have a bunch of good guys on a hockey team,
they will out-drink pretty much everyone.
I mean, they're going to party harder.
They're going to be louder and probably funnier.
So I got to go with them.
Now, I don't know if it's different in the Olympics.
I don't know who really rips it up that hard.
I think of downhill skiers maybe being insane just because of what they're doing.
Any specific countries?
Oh.
Oh.
Who drinks a shit?
Swedes and Finns, I mean, they drink a lot.
Russians get loaded.
Russians get loaded.
Hey, shout out to the guy From Russia Who failed the drug test
That was a curler
I know
See like
What the fuck
What the fuck
Yeah
Like there's gonna be
Like guys that are playing
Like online gaming community
Like now getting caught
With steroids
Like why are you
Why are you using steroids
For curling
Like you
If anything
You should crush beers
I think that's what people do
When they curl
They don't take fucking roids
Especially like
You're an Olympic athlete from Russia.
After the documentary that come out, Icarus,
your doping system has been exposed.
Everyone knows it, and you still fucking do it
to push a fucking rock down the ice.
Makes zero sense whatsoever.
So did we have one more, or was that it?
We had one more.
I lost the name, but it's what is the weirdest thing
a guest has ever done in your house?
All right, Hamilton.
Right, and that's right.
The question didn't specify a Spittin' Chicklets guest,
so we're going to take the liberty and say just any random nighttime guest.
Oh, a guest in my house.
I had a girl jump off my parents' balcony once,
split her head open, and got knocked unconscious.
Really?
That was the weirdest thing.
Did she survive?
She survived, yes.
That's good.
She did survive, but she started throwing up after.
It was kind of a bad scene.
High school party.
That's a really tough scene.
I had a couple guests during my college days.
I remember one in particular who threw up in my bed after we had fooling around a little bit.
Something upset her stomach.
That's disgusting.
And I got up to go grab a drink, and I heard a little splat noise,
and I'm like, did you just throw up in my bed?
She's like, uh-huh.
I goes, come on, come on, come on.
Like I was going to take her to the bathroom,
and I fucking walked into the fucking door,
and I was like, get out, and I fucking slammed the door.
That's disgusting.
You don't throw up in my bed.
Oh, yeah, don't fuck with your bed. I would i i don't really i clean that story i'm trying i'm
trying to think i'm trying to think i can't think of like that i mean i don't want to really throw
people under the bus either i don't have that many like crazy stories i remember the weirdest thing
i ever did though being younger and we had this really
nice tree in my front yard in the spring it would like it was pink it was like pink like whatever
flowers or whatever it comes off a tree and one day i took an axe and i started chopping the tree
down and my father came out and chucked me like 10 feet he's like what the fuck are you doing why
you cutting down a tree in our front yard?
And I remember like even at the time being like, why did I do that?
Why was I chopping that tree down?
I still think like I don't know what.
That was one of the weirdest things that I can remember happening at my house.
George Washington ass motherfucker.
Yeah, I don't know what was going on.
All right.
Oh, Brian Yandel, my good friend, Keith Yandel's brother, his son.
He lived next to my parents in Scituate for a little bit.
They had houses side by side.
And his son would come over all the time and see my father.
He'd be like, hey, Big Dan.
And so he would come over and take smashes.
He was like six years old or seven years old. And he'd smash in my parents' toilet.
And then one time he yelled out, Sue, you ran out of toilet paper.
And she went in there and he'd taken all the toilet paper, wiped his ass.
And then he'd used all the hand towels
and shoved them
down the toilet too.
So my mom was like,
oh, you gotta go, Brian.
We gotta get the plumber over.
Oh my God.
Classic little Yandel.
Brian Yandel, of course,
his son smashing like that.
A little legend.
Thank God for like
the baby wipes, man.
That was a game changer.
Hey, Sue,
you ran out of toilet paper.
All right, that wraps up weekly All Right Hamilton segment.
Anything going on?
I haven't caught Black Panther.
I haven't seen it yet, the movies.
It's been making a gazillion dollars.
Everybody's been raving about it.
TV, I told you before the show, if you haven't caught Waco yet,
based on the events in Waco 25 years ago
when the government had a showdown with this crazy religious leader
and they ended up burning the house down, whatever.
It was a wild story then, but it's an unbelievable miniseries right now.
It's on Paramount Network, which used to be Spike.
It has Taylor Kitsch, Mike Shannon, tremendous cast.
I think you said you had it on the DVR.
Yeah, I got to check that out.
That's my recommendation
It's a story that
You know if you
Were young enough
Taylor Kitsch is hot as shit too
That's Riggins
Exactly
Definitely a man
Handsome guy
And he actually
He looks exactly like
David Koresh
He's been pulling
Outstanding fucking performance
And he's probably gonna get
Some nominations
But that's my
My recommendation
If you're looking for
Something to watch
What do you guys got
I haven't really
I haven't really.
I haven't been watching shows.
I've been golf season's kind of in full swing.
I watch a lot of that on the weekend, watch NHL.
I'm behind on the shows right now.
But I'll catch up.
I'm going down to Florida for a couple weeks, and I'll be watching shows there.
Nice.
I'm actually re-watching The Office right now. Oh, The Office is so.
I remember I was playing on um the wilkes-barre
scranton penguins when in the episode when michael skated and like buried the dude against
and he had that jersey on i remember like oh that's because it was that year that i was there
that movie is i mean i'm sorry that show was so good and never gets old first or one of the first
shows that got away from the laugh track and had like...
The faux documentary style.
I mean, I've never watched the one, the original from the BBC.
I don't know if that...
I'm assuming that'd be good too.
It is.
That's the original.
It's really funny.
Is this not as good though?
No, I'd say it's very much as good.
Some think it's better.
I put them basically on par, which is good because there have been so many shows that have
come from England to America that
have just been awful. Well, I'm sure some have gone there
and been awful from here. I don't think they adapt
to them. They adapt to some of that.
I think America adapts
way more British stuff than
we do. We won the women's gold
medal, so fuck them.
Fuck you, Great Britain.
I just think that show the the non
like because now i can't it's funny i can't watch shows i can't watch old seinfelds um and stuff
like you know certain shows that have like i don't know seinfeld's different it just kind of has like
it's it hasn't aged well i don't think but like friends too the laugh tracks it's like so weird
now like shows don't almost have them anymore. Do they? Do any shows?
Maybe the cheesy ones on CBS and shit still do.
I don't watch them.
I don't think I watch one network television
show anymore. When I say network, I mean ABC,
NBC, CBS, Fox.
I like Modern Family, but I don't even know
if that's still on.
I think it jumped the shock a while ago.
I watch it at 10.30 when it's on TBS or some shit.
It's funny because you realize going to the office Going to the Office is great as that show,
one of the great sitcoms of all time.
It definitely struggles in like season seven, eight.
Once Michael Scott left, I mean, you know, the James Spader character,
I thought he was terrible, Robert California there.
Basically what I'm getting was the shelf lives on TV shows.
And, you know, like you're talking about Martin Family.
I loved that show at the beginning.
And it just starts repeating itself.
You just start jumping the shock.
Like Oren Hamilton a little bit.
They keep making money.
So that's all that really matters.
That's why the fucking Simpsons is still in the air.
What was I going to say?
God damn it.
I had something else to say.
And it just went out of my mind.
Not that dummy.
No.
Okay.
Oh, no.
Yeah, we're not even talking about Ratport.
That guy was a Muppet.
What do you think?
All right.
I think that's it.
I think that's all I got.
Fuck, I had something else.
By the way,
shout out to Frankie Borelli.
Like,
when you call
Bastu Radio
and they play the theme song
from the Muppet show
the other day. Oh, that kid. He is brilliant. Shout out to Frankie. Brilliant? When you call Bastu Radio and they play the theme song from the Muppet Show.
Oh, that kid.
He is brilliant.
Shout out to Frankie. Brilliant?
For his musical choices.
Frankie Borelli, I will not allow you to call him brilliant.
For his music selections on Bastu Radio.
He does some good work.
He fucking does me so dirty with that Muppets tune.
I went into that place.
I called Dave a Muppet.
Now I'm the Muppet
Oh my god, Pirelli
He really can run your show when you call in
You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to start calling in
And just waiting and not telling them I'm calling
So I have to wait, like everyone just say it's Ryan
They won't know and I'll get on but then he'll probably still
Jam the Muppet song right when I start talking
The theme music, it's great
When I call they play the beginning of this
Dropkick Murphys Like the shipping of the Boston which is hilarious Because I don't they play the beginning of this Dropkick Murphys,
shipping up to Boston, which is hilarious because
I don't think I've ever owned a Dropkick Murphys
CD in my life.
It's funny, man. He does a great job
with the music. What's impressive is he's
so young and he knows fucking tunes from the
50s and 60s. What's impressive is that he
is going to lose
his mind when Tavares leaves the Islanders.
Good luck with that one, Frankie. We'll check in on you
after that happens. Hopefully
you're still able to come into work
as your Islanders just fade into
Bolivian, as they say in Barstool World.
He'll be jumping off the fucking Queensborough Bridge.
I'm pissed off. I can't remember what I was going to say, but
it'll come back to me. We'll do an addendum.
Alright, well, that should just about wrap up
Episode 6-7. Again,
congrats to our lady ice hockey players from the United States.
Tremendous job.
We're all super proud of you.
You did a great job bringing the gold medal home.
Hopefully we'll do it again in a couple more years.
Yeah, four years later, let's check it out.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
Peace out, everybody.
Thank you.
God bless America, land that I love.
Stand beside her and guide her through the night with a light from above.
From the mountains, to the prairies, to the oceans, white with foam, God bless America, my home sweet home.
