Hey, Spit and Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spit and Chicklets is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Are you hiring,
posting your job to job sites, and waiting and waiting and waiting for the right people to see
it? ZipRecruiter learns what you're looking for, identifies people with the right experience,
and invites them to apply to your job. These invitations have revolutionized how you find your next hire.
It makes it so simple. In fact, 80 of employers who post a job on ZipRecruiter get a quality
candidate through the site in just one day. One day. Are you kidding me? And ZipRecruiter doesn't
stop there. They even spotlight the strongest applications you receive so you never miss a
great match. The right candidates are out.
ZipRecruiter is how you find them.
Right now, my listeners can try ZipRecruiter for free.
That's right, free 99.
Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Don't worry.
I won't hurt you. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire. Hello everybody, welcome to episode Yara Mir Yaga
I go with Mike Hoffman, I go with a card. Goal scorer.
Okay. I had to go with Captain Obvious.
What up? What up, everyone?
Grinelli.
How are you, boys?
Mikey Grinelli. Ryan Whitney here.
Obviously, big news, the trade deadline. You worked it.
I did work it.
You were on the HL Network.
I got so... I'm the worst...
Talking about threesomes?
I can't be. Oh, Army.
Three ways.
We got to get into Army, talking about how much he loves three ways.
I could never be an agent because I didn't get 1 for myself.
It was an absolute joke.
But I'll get into that.
I worked it.
Pretty, the day was a little disappointing.
I guess by the end when McDonough went, it made it a little exciting.
But overall, I thought there was going to be
way more. And it all depended on Carlson, whatever. He didn't
get traded. We can go into that, too. But I will
say, like,
TSN and Sportsnet have to talk
and agree to start
this fucking show at
10 or 11. It used to be 12
to 3. That's when it became huge. When they put
it on from 12 to 3, it was just three hours of action.
Now there were more trades then, too. But we went on at 8 in the morning. It's 5 a.m. When they put it on from 12 to three, it was just three hours of action. Now there were more trades than two. But
we went on at 8 in the morning. It's 5
a.m. in L.A. Dude, Rob Blake's
snoozing. He's not up making deals
yet for L.A.
But if one network starts it,
the other network has to start it. And they
do get ratings from hockey nuts who
8 in the morning think there's going to be trades
and tune in.
So it's a long day. It seems like the more of an event it's become,
the less trades we get on the deadline.
Yeah, and that went hand-in-hand with the cap.
And the cap changed everything, and it made it.
It's just flip-flop where the draft is now the old deadline,
and all the trades happen at the draft,
which is kind of more exciting because in the middle of the summer,
not the middle of the summer, but post-Cup Finals, you get kind of a couple
weeks later, one final, like real busy hockey time, and that's the draft of free agency.
So the deadlines take a hit on it, but still, we had some decent moves go down.
Yeah, and just a note, we are going to be bringing on some of our Barstool guys.
They're always popular take.
We got your boy, Smelly Borelli for the Isles.
Smelly Borelli.
6'10 for Rangers take. We got your boy Smelly Borelli for the Isles. Smelly Borelli. 6'10 for a Rangers take.
Bostle, chief of Blackhawks, and Jordy for the Flyers.
I just said before to you it's kind of ironic that the Flyers are the only team
that has any fucking good news lately.
The Flyers, they're just basically telling me to blow them
because the whole city of Philadelphia has been on this insane run.
And the Flyers, they're in first in the Metro the Metro I mean this team lost 10 in a row they didn't I mean they got points in five
of those it was 0-5-5 but either way you took L's 10 fucking games in a row and you're leading
your division now so they're just no one's really talked about them they're finally starting to get
the respect so Jordy will get into that but more so I wanted to ask before we bring those guys on
what was your like biggest
deal of the day do you think i mean i'm assuming it was mcdonough you think on the actual deadline
day itself yeah i mean that was the big name everybody was waiting for drop it almost seemed
like he wasn't gonna go and then of course the lightning got him pittsburgh got involved i was
like oh my god yeah i heard that i'm like they're gonna fucking win it again they still might but
yeah i mean the you know Speaking from the B's perspective,
I thought once they got Nash,
they probably weren't going to be in a McDonough.
That would have seemed like two huge moves for them.
But yeah, man, Tampa Bay was already
tough to beat. Adding a guy like
him to that back line,
they're going to be nasty, man.
They are nasty.
Whatever. Bring it on, man.
I was surprised by... Not surprised, but I liked Stastny to Winnipeg.
And his first game, he had a goal and assist.
They came out of nowhere.
Now, St. Louis had this kind of crazy season so far.
They started off hot.
I don't know if you remember.
They were crushing teams.
They looked great.
And then Jake Allen, like, started struggling.
Carter Hutton's been there.
He is their backup going into this year.
He's been their number one. He's been awesome. Jake Allen's struggling. Carter Hutton, he is their backup going into this year. He's been their number one.
He's been awesome.
Jake Allen's just in a bad funk.
And then on top of that happening over kind of a long span of time,
they stopped scoring.
So Doug Armstrong, I heard him say, the GM of the Blues,
he said a couple weeks leading up, they asked him,
what are you going to do on the deadline?
He's like, I've got to see what my team has these next seven, eight games
and figure it out from there.
Well, they lost six in a row, and they scored seven goals. And Stastny's's a UFA and he's looking at it like all right like I kind of respect it like
we're not going to win the Stanley Cup this year and and yeah that like sucks he also has a three
or four year extension I think Doug Armstrong maybe if he's a free agent as a GM right now
he's he's he's trying to make the playoffs yeah he knows he's got a little security and some good
young prospects and players but um once I saw Stasti move, I'm like, that makes sense for St. Louis.
And Winnipeg, dude, they just added to this forward group.
So they're like, them and Nashville, they played the other night.
It was a sick game, probably going to be the second round matchup.
I wish, that's what sucks about the divisions now, is that you got to see, you know, Winnipeg and Nashville,
I think right now, if you're looking, should play for the Western Conference title.
And they're going to be playing in the second round.
It's kind of annoying a little bit.
I know.
I know they're trying to bring back the divisional rivalries from back to basically when I grew up late 70s and 80s.
But I would like them to go just back to 1-8, 1-8, or even like 1-
I think they went 1-16 in the NHL for a couple seasons where basically the conferences were irrelevant.
Because, yeah, you want the cream of the crop.
You want the best teams to rise.
But how unusual was it for two rivals to make a deal like that?
Like, you know, same division, kind of chasing each other for division title.
That's like the year of this, though.
Yeah, yeah.
Teams are saying, fuck it, we need to help us.
I mean, St. Louis is going to first round pick up.
Rangers to Devils with Grabner was the one that I was like,
that looks so weird.
First ever, right?
Yeah, I think it was. I think it was the first ever across the Hudson that I was like, that looks so weird. First ever, right? Yeah, I think it was.
I think it was the first ever across the Hudson.
It's like the sound of a book.
Oh, quickly, at the end of this whole episode, remind me to tell a story of I got my show
run more than I've ever had my show run of all time at a tire place.
So that's for the end of the show, but I didn't want to forget.
The trade that I wanted to bring up, other than the Stastny and we talked about McDonough,
was Pittsburgh went out and got Broussard, and's like kind of a quiet move like he kind of slots
in he does not kind of he slots in as their third line center now crosby malkin or broussard on the
ice pretty much at all times you you pretty you can make a pretty good argument that the penguins
could actually three-peat and they look so shitty earlier in the year and now it's like they're just
dummying teams especially at home home. Their power play is insane.
So basically all the good teams, they got a little bit better.
And the deadline kind of showed that some teams, even though you might think they're in the hunt,
they kind of know where they're at.
You know, Dallas didn't make a move.
How weird is that?
Like, when do you see a team that's battling in that 7-8 spot?
They didn't even make any moves.
So it's just a different time now.
The deadline's completely changed.
Yeah, like you were saying, the focus
seems to, I mean, the bigger trades seem
to be happening before the day. Like the Bruins,
they got Nashwood, I mean,
the Sunday before, yeah,
Sunday morning. Oh,
Commie, by the way. Oh, dude,
the insider. Commie broke
two. He wanted two or three this year.
I think he might have broken three.
He had Nash first.
He had Nash.
Before I went to sleep, Nash packaged it to Boston.
I woke up and that was the trade.
So that's a breaking news one.
We'll talk to Borelli, who hates Comey because he heard some dirty Tavares rumors out of Commodore's mouth.
But the insider knows.
The insider fucking knows.
Yeah, like I said,
the McDonough deal was the one big deal.
I mean, you know, Pat Maroon was another late one.
It was funny, Tommy Wingles was, you know,
one of those throwing trades,
and he ended up having a huge impact right away.
It was, what was it, Tuesday night Bruins game.
He had a goal and an assist, so.
But we're going to be bringing on our boy,
Smelly Borelli, shortly.
The boys are back.
What else happened?
Oh, Bergeron broken foot.
How about that guy playing the next night?
He broke his foot in Toronto.
The x-ray said no break.
Sometimes it takes a couple days for the swelling to go down
to see a small crack.
And he plays in Buffalo.
Like, dude, can you just take a game off?
The guy's a savage.
He played through a punctured lung.
I guess he can play through a little crack in his foot.
But then they got that news, and it says only two weeks.
But still, you hope, like, you know, you don't want to mess up what they had, that line.
So hopefully he's all right for the Bruins' sake.
And then right after the deadline, Tampa had  when Kucherov left, got hurt, and then Johnson got hurt.
But I hear both.
Johnson came back, and then Kucherov's going to be fine.
Back to your Pittsburgh, you were saying about the three-peat. Matt
Murray did get a conkey the other night. Yeah, true.
That's a good point. That's a huge factor with them
because, you know... And they got no flurry this year.
Exactly. The backup's gone. Yeah, so...
Although I already said on NHL Network
that maybe Tristan
Jari will star in the playoffs and then
Matt Murray can be Seattle's goalie.
Yeah, wow. And it'll be
like the remix. Yeah, it would be a pretty wild story because Seattle's goalie. Yeah, wow. And it'll be like the remix.
Yeah, it would be a pretty wild story.
Because, I mean, Seattle's pretty much feeling like a done deal at this stage of the game.
Yeah, it does.
It does seem that way.
Yeah, I mean, basically,
Batman said the season ticket drive is going to be a huge factor.
But, I mean, it sounds like they're already looking for a GM.
So, Carlson not moving.
I think it was too complicated.
I think there was too much going on, and they were asking for the world.
I know they were offered three first-round picks from someone.
They said no.
I mean, they wanted a lot. They brought up the Chris Pronger trade from Edmonton to Anaheim,
and they brought up it was two first-rounders and two players,
and they wanted all these pieces, and they didn't get it.
But then after, they had this. Pierre Dorian, the GM of Ottawa,
had this bizarre press conference where he's talking about that
he has a great relationship with Carlson and if he's still on the Senators
come July 1, they'll give him a new contract offer.
I'm like, if he's still, what are you talking about?
It was the weirdest press conference.
Then he started getting mad because apparently there's a rumor going around
that he went to talk to the team and they wouldn't turn down the radio to listen to him.
And he's like, it's quiet.
You could hear a mouse when I speak in that locker room.
I was like, Jesus Christ, this guy's losing his mind.
He said he traded Drew Shore to the Calgary Flames.
Drew Shore is an ex-team member of mine playing in the Swiss League.
He traded his brother, Nick Shore.
So when the GM's calling a player by his brother's name
in a press conference,
that's when you know somebody's in his kitchen.
Yeah.
So he's a little rattled.
But I still think Carlson's gone.
I see he's going to be traded at the draft.
So that's kind of when it'll go down.
You'll have 30 teams trying to get him
as opposed to seven or eight around the deadline.
Hopefully he didn't call his player Steve Duchesne
instead of Matt Duchesne.
That would be really embarrassing if he did that.
I've never heard of someone do that.
Did you guys see the video of the Ottawa fan just going insane?
Yeah, that was pretty funny.
That might have actually got him not traded because maybe Dorian's like,
that guy's going to murder me if I trade him.
That came out the night before.
And then he followed him on Twitter.
What's his name?
Carlson.
He came out, I want to say it was Tuesday or Wednesday,
and sort of put the fire out, I thought, a little bit.
He kind of said he doesn't want to go anywhere.
This is where he wants to be, blah, blah, blah.
So you do wonder if the team can get past all that stuff.
Plus, like I said, the owner trying to put gas on that fireman.
Sometimes owners should just keep their mouth shut when it comes to matters of personnel.
Yeah, they just shouldn't even be involved.
I think Melnick has had some serious issues before.
Yeah, absolutely.
Healy, Alfredson, everyone always ends up having issues there.
Now, I couldn't trace a source to it.
I don't know if someone made it up and threw it on the internet
because people do that all the time.
But there was a story that he was complaining about an Uber driver,
an Uber ride.
Like, I don't know.
That couldn't have been true.
I mean, it just shows you anyone can slap anything in the internet.
Well, the story was that he came in in front of the entire team and was like,
Carlson, you motherfucker, you still owe me 350 for your Uber ride.
And sure enough, I texted Carlson actually and I said, hey, is the story true?
And he's like, no, it's all bullshit.
He goes, it was Lyft.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'm thinking like, wait a minute.
You're not texting him
Before they come on the show
You're texting him
Fucking about that shit
I think we could get him
On the show
I think I could get him
On the show at some point
Yeah if you're listening
Eric we love Swedes
On the show
Alright we're bringing in
A smelly
Franky Rorelli
So on that note
We're bringing him in
Peace out for now
Smelly Rorelli
These interviews are brought to you
By dollarshaveclub.com
Guys no one really likes to shave It's just one of the Things you have to do As a guy Peace out for now. Smelly Raleigh. These interviews are brought to you by DollarShaveClub.com.
Guys, no one really likes to shave.
It's one of the things you have to do as a guy if you want to have a nice, neat appearance.
Unfortunately, I lost a lot of hair on the top of my head, so I shave the top of my head mostly, more than my face, actually.
And I use DollarShaveClub.com because they give you the best deal out there.
You don't have to go to the drugstore. You don't have to fight around with these certain keys to open cabinets.
You got to get a drugstore clerk to help you out.
DollarShaveClub.com is excellent.
You just do everything online.
They got more than just razors.
It's better than shopping in a store.
Everything is just online.
Click, boom, comes to your door.
Dollar Shave Club delivers everything to you to look, smell, and feel your best.
Shampoo, body wash, toothpaste.
And, of course, the best razors I've ever used. Not just on my head. I need my top of my head
shaved too. That's why the Razor Dollar Shave Club keep my pate nice and bald. I get an amazing,
high-quality shave every morning from Dollar Shave Club's executive razor. But the true hero
of any morning routine is Dr. Carver's Shave Butter. It helps to raise a glintly giant across my skin, whether it's your cheek or your skull.
You got to experience it.
Another must-have experience is how Dollar Shave Club delivers everything to you.
That means no more trips to the store, no more going up and down the aisles.
I need a key to this.
I need to get in that.
Then you got to be the cashier.
None of that.
Just go online and do it all there.
So for a mind-blowing experience, join Dollar Shave Club today. And for just 5 with free
shipping, you'll get the six-blade executive razor plus trial sizes of shave butter, body
cleanser, and one wipe chalice. Then keep the blades coming for a few bucks more a month.
Get yours at dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets. That's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets. C's dollashaveclub.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Pull the string and I'll wink at you.
You're Dave's Muppet
I'll do funny things
If you want me to
You're Dave's Muppet
I'm yours to have and to hold
Darling, you've got full control.
And now we talk to my nemesis, the man that has buried me on Barstool Radio,
the scumbag fan of his shitbag islanders who didn't make any moves.
What's up, Frankie?
What's up, you piece of shit?
I feel a little different on this form of communication
because I don't have control of playing your intro music. You don't have the control to muppet me to death. I know.
I actually feel like I don't like this. I don't like being on your playing field. There'll be a
song for your intro. We just haven't. Oh, I'm sure there will be. So, all right, listen, the Islanders
didn't really do much. Did you expect to, well, I mean, they got Chris Wagner, my boy, but let's
talk about like Tavares. That's what I'm thinking. They re-signed Josh Bailey. What did you expect to, well, I mean, they got Chris Wagner, my boy, but let's talk about like Tavares.
That's what I'm thinking.
They re-signed Josh Bailey.
What did you expect?
What did you hope for leading into the deadline?
You know, it's just one of those things where are you in a position to make a playoff run this year or are you not?
And I think that Garceau looked at the team and he's like, you know what?
I know we have this Tavares contract looming in the distance, but I don't think that this team has what it takes to produce a good playoff run this year.
So going into that deadline, I really didn't have any high hopes for making any moves.
I did like the Wagner deal.
I thought any time you can bring a guy who's top five in any category for a guy who's getting scratched in,
what's his name?
Chimera.
Chimera. I mean, Chimera was getting scratched for two straight weeks. name? Chimera. Chimera.
I mean, Chimera was getting scratched for two straight weeks.
Wagner's played every game for the Ducks.
So I thought that was a great move.
I think he's going to be a good guy on that fourth line.
But, I mean, listen, the Islanders are 14-21-5 since December 1st.
They're really not producing any sort of good hockey in the past couple months.
So I think Garth just looked at it saying,
we're not going to blow up our team to try and make this run.
And I mean, I got to agree with him.
It hurts to not make the moves, but I mean, what are you going to do?
Yeah, but Frankie, okay, for first off, Chris Wagner,
he actually, I think you're going to love him.
He plays hard.
Local Boston kid, he'll run people over.
He could even play third, second line.
He can play up and down.
So that's actually a good trade.
You got a lot younger there too.
But all right, so forget this year.
I agree with you.
Why make these moves if you're not going to make a run?
The question is, though, how many years of this has this been?
And when does the GM then get questioned by you?
I hear you backing up Garth Snow constantly.
I'm like, when is it going to change, Frankie?
Have you ever seen them win a playoff series i've seen them win one playoff series
one playoff series my whole life so i know it's not good you think i'm happy about that i'm not
happy about that i want to see them win okay you're you're a fan that's like oh you know what
i didn't want to see him make any moves i understand i'm not going to make a run but like
what do you want to see them do because for me i look at it with a clear mind going into each year.
I don't let 10 years ago dictate what's going to happen in this season.
I'm not looking at the Alexei Yashin years and letting it dictate what we're going to do with this season.
So, I mean, you have to take each season with a clear set mind.
How are you going to make this season better?
And this year, they can't do anything.
And I think each year we go into these seasons.
So, Garcineau has this mentality
of not wanting to get rid of our prospects.
And sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.
Matt Barzell is one of the best prospects that I've seen since John Tavares on this
team.
And I'm so glad that he never pieced him to go anywhere else in a trade.
Sometimes you have good gold prospects like that.
And sometimes you don't.
They've had a lot of years drafting guys that just have not produced what they wanted to
produce. You have Josh Hosang matt dalcol i mean even guys like brock nelson who are high draft picks
like these guys are just not doing what garth wanted him to do sometimes you're going to hit
it and sometimes you're not i can't knock him for uh constantly going to the draft because
i mean you never know when a matt barzell is going to pop up so i mean i think his tenure
as an islanders gm he's tried to go to the draft,
he's gotten some really good
pieces, some really not, and
I mean, I just can't blame a
guy for when a high draft pick
just doesn't produce. It's just like, you never know what's
going to happen. Well, it's their job,
though, kind of, but I understand what you're saying.
At some point, they have to figure out. They need
a goalie. You need a goalie,
you need a shutdown D-man. Those are two pieces that I think some point they have to figure out. They need a goalie. We need a goalie. You need a goalie. You need a shutdown D-man.
Those are two pieces that I think going forward you have to get.
But I looked at that.
I looked at the deadline deals.
I mean, who were they going to get that wasn't a rental?
Yeah, you guys are in a tough spot, Frankie.
Like, you know, like basically we're used to talking about the Flyers in this situation,
but maybe the Islanders have replaced them because the Flyers have been on a tear.
We'll be bringing in Jordy later to talk about them.
But have you mentally prepared yourself for life without John Tavares on Long Island?
No, I haven't.
Every day that goes by, it starts to become a little more real.
I like to think that John Tavares, from what I know of him and what I've heard about him,
that he just genuinely wants to stay on a team that he helped build.
I think that's the type of player that he is, and that's the route I'm going with to keep me,
allowing me to sleep at night.
To delude yourself.
Okay, but Frankie, here's the thing.
I know what you're saying,
and I've actually heard he's a super loyal guy.
I don't really understand loyalty in some senses
because GMs and them don't have it,
but I understand he was first overall,
he wants to win a cup there.
But you know that everyone else like him would
have been signed by now right so you know they've they've given him um pick your number and sign
your name and it hasn't happened so that has to worry you right why would it does work so why
wouldn't you resign and the stamp coast summer that that's that shit worried me too because
the odds were that i thought he was going to go somewhere else so now we need that we. We need Stamkos to happen again, which actually shocked people when it was like, oh, Stamkos is staying.
So now I need another shocking, oh, John Tavares is staying and he's not going somewhere.
Stamkos stayed and he had like Hedman, Kucherov and no state tax and he was in Tampa.
I mean, the prospects of going back to your home, your lovable Nassau Coliseum might not be like,
actually Stamkos going back to live in Tampa
and play at that rink.
I just
don't know what the Islanders would do
going into a new stadium, going back to the
Coliseum next year without their star
player. You don't let go of a player like that.
You give him a blank check and you let him
sign whatever the fuck you need him to sign.
You give him whatever he needs and that's what happens.
Frankie's going to make one of those videos that the Eric Carlson guy made
if they trade Tavares.
I think I'm going to make a why John Tavares should stay on Long Island.
I'm going to do all the best things online, like drink wine in the wineries.
I'm going to go out to the Hamptons.
I mean, we've got to make this guy feel at home.
I feel like I'm going to pull all the strings.
What are we going to do without John Tavares on Long Island?
What do I do without John Tavares?
You've got to get him a pizza review with Dave.
That'll really help him stay.
See, that's the thing.
You never see him do anything.
John Tavares is so to himself.
He's so quiet.
He's not the type of guy that wants to go into the limelight and be on videos.
If he wants a cup, he'll leave.
If he wants a cup, he will leave.
Sorry.
I can't see him being the guy that wants to jump on the success of other guys.
It's just more about getting paid and if the Islanders aren't going to give him the money and the opportunity.
I think they'll give him max contract.
Yeah, we have these new owners.
They're ready to spend money.
They know what they need.
I mean, it's a selling point, too.
You're going into a new stadium.
You've got to promote your team.
How are you going to do that without hanging banners of John Tavares on the outside of it?
I mean, honestly.
Matt Bozzell.
So who's your cup pick?
How is it not Tampa, right?
Yeah, I see that.
I see that, Frankie.
They're disgusting.
And, I mean, with the additions that they made, they have more good Rangers than the Rangers do right now.
So it makes me happy.
Yeah, I think Tampa all the way.
And if it's not, I think it's a pretty bad season for them to not win a Stanley Cup for me.
It's cup or bus for them.
Now, your Isles, looking, they're four points out of the playoffs right now, the wildcard right now.
They actually played one more game than the two wildcard teams.
Frankie, did the Islanders even get to the playoffs this year?
No, last night was a dagger in my heart.
They went into Montreal.
They played a great first period.
They were up 1-0.
I watched that.
They were up 1-0.
They didn't get a sniff.
I mean, they didn't touch.
I mean, then I got to listen to Butch Goring on the goddamn Islanders Network
just talking about how Montreal is so good with a lead
and they don't give up stuff at the bell center.
It's like, bro, they're 24-29.
We can beat this team.
Why are we not beating this team?
Don't you actually want them to lose?
Going into last night, I said we have to win this game.
If not, I think I'm just giving up on the season
and then you just got to tank and get a good draft pick again.
And this is what I've been doing for 24 fucking years, is that I just wait for the draft.
And then during the draft, we do nothing.
So, you know, I'm actually talking myself into hating Garceau right now.
I won't let myself do it right now.
I'm not going to let myself do it.
So you weren't in the group that bought the signs on the side of the highway to fire Garceau.
No, no, no.
I talked about this on Barstow Radio yesterday.
I kind of hated that move.
The New York Islanders sell out like 8,000 seats every single fucking game.
But these guys  so people are buying 12 tickets to sit in the top rafters and hit
their little drums.
I mean, you have to see this section at the Barclays Center.
These guys hit these drums.
They sit down.
I think they have something wrong with them.
They just hit a drum the entire game.
They were down 4-0 and you still hear the drum.
Yeah.
If it's 4-0, they'll stop the drum that night like the drum's not
working these people will not support the team right they buy 12 tickets and and then there's
like eight of them and the whole entire the whole entire place is is empty and they want they want
the nhl to think that we have such a passionate fan base that we're buying everyone's giving 50
dollars 100 to put up a billboard to let Garcinode go.
Why don't we fill up the stadium when we're playing the Devils?
Why don't we fill up a stadium once in a while to allow our team
to have a good home ice advantage just one time?
Yeah, but maybe they can't afford a more expensive ticket,
so they pay a little amount to get in because they love the Islanders,
and they're actually willing to spend that much more money
to have a billboard put up.
We really care. We can't afford to go to the
games. But they put it from the Long Island
hockey fans and the Long Island hockey
fans don't show up. I understand that that
group of people, those are the most passionate fans that the Islanders
have, but they wrote it as if
when someone passes that billboard, oh, look how
great Islanders Nation is. They care
so much about their team that they want their GM
to be fired and they're going to show it on the
freaking Flatbush Avenue.
We had a vote to keep our team
in Nassau Coliseum.
We had a vote, yes or no,
and no one showed up for the vote.
How many more times are you going to show that your fanbase
just doesn't show up for this team?
Billboard's not going to do it for me.
You should have voted for like three people,
Frankie.
I was like 16 at the time.
I couldn't even vote.
And I couldn't even be in the state.
I had like a vacation.
I had to go to Colorado.
I was like crying every night knowing I couldn't be there.
We had rallies at my restaurant.
I'm holding signs.
I'm like, vote yes, vote yes.
Kate goddamn Murray,
the lady who said that the Islanders
couldn't stay in New York.
I would murder that lady with a plastic knife.
I don't want to get started. I don't want to get started.
I don't want to get started on the Islanders leaving the coffee.
I haven't been the same since.
We can only imagine what it's like if you got started, Frankie.
Oh, my God.
I love the passion, buddy.
So, hey, man, I mean, I root for all my buddies' teams to do good for the most part.
But, yeah, it sucks being a fan of a team in that situation
because the Bruins were in that limbo for a while.
And it does suck, especially when you've got a
superstar with one foot out the door, it looks
like. Limbo for sure
is the word. It just feels like it's a never
ending cycle.
You have this great of an offensive season.
You have Matt Barzell. You have guys like
Bailey with so many points. You have
Lee with so many goals. It's like this was a
year that you really could have done something in the playoffs
if you just had defense and a goalie.
I just hate knowing.
Doesn't that piss you guys off too when you know
what's wrong with the team? Sometimes you just
don't know what's wrong. It's like, oh man, some nights we're good,
some nights we're bad. We just don't have defense.
That's the only thing that we have to fix.
And it just frustrates me.
And then that's what just kind of comes down
to that's the GM's job.
Thank you very much for joining us, dude.
I mean, I think if Tavares stays, who knows what could happen.
But if he leaves, I mean, and that's what it looks like to me, it's going to be trouble.
Oh, actually, Frankie, though, you know who did tell me that he actually could stay like a reliable source?
Who's that?
Deez motherfucking nuts.
You little muppet.
Okay, fuck you.
You fucking muppet.
Thanks a lot, buddy. I wish I could play the music right now and just send you out. You muppet Deez nutsucking nuts You little muppet Okay fuck you You fucking muppet Thanks a lot buddy
I wish I could play the music right now
Just send you out
You muppet Deez nuts
Later
Thanks
Thanks a lot Frankie
Thank you very much
To that muppet
The original muppet
Frankie Borelli
The poor kid
Roots Fionder
So God help him
When Tavares does leave
But now we're actually
Going to bring in
Barstool Chief
Chicago Blackhawks
Expert
Now we're going to bring in Barstool Chief, Chicago Blackhawks expert.
Now we're going to bring in our boy from the Midwest,
Barstool Chief, who covers the Blackhawks for the Barstool Sports.
Chief, welcome to the show, brother.
Boy, thanks for having me back.
Love being on.
Looks like your first time being on the show,
which your team's not going to be in the playoffs this year, man.
I mean, the Blackhawks, 12 points back of the Ducks as of Thursday.
Not really too many games in hand.
Doesn't look like they're getting back to the playoffs.
What's the adjustment for you, brother?
Oh, I'm miserable.
I don't know how to live.
It's been almost like Prez, where he takes a certain amount of personal pride in the Patriots.
I've kind of had that with the Blackhawks where I get to look down on everybody and talk shit and just be like, hey, we're the best,
which is why I was rooting so hard against Pittsburgh
because I didn't want anybody last year, anyone else to have three cups in this era.
And now it's like gone from bad to worse.
So, yeah, it's not great.
I mean, I think, you know, I had this. They were always kind of middling along all year.
And I want to say I put out a proclamation where it's like,
these next eight games are the season.
And they went like one and seven.
So I was like, well, the season's cooked.
And I think, you know, they were going to be sellers after that,
and clearly they were.
And, you know, now it's just looking at the draft, I guess.
I don't know.
It's miserable know it's miserable
it's miserable for me it hasn't been like a gradual thing it's sort of like the bottom just
kind of fell out because you know you guys were in the playoffs last year and this year you're
not going to be in it you know you might even could drift down the lottery if things got really
bad now how much would you attribute it to not having cory crawford i mean he's obviously a
great goalie they haven't had him much this year. Basically, if they had him, do you think they'd be in the playoffs?
They'd be closer.
I mean, their problems go beyond just Corey Crawford.
So, you know, it'd probably be, you've got to think he's worth maybe six wins, right?
I mean, he's missed the majority of the season,
and the replacement goalies that they've had years past, you know,
they've always had a really good backup
goalies from scott darling ray emery had a big year for them one year uh auntie ronto is now
number one they've always had that like legit number two this year they've had i think some
of the worst goaltending in the league so i think that they would be uh in the mix they probably
wouldn't have given away tommy wingles and ryan Hartman if they had Corey Crawford, but I'm not entirely
sure that they'd be a lock for the
playoffs either. Their D is
bad.
I think last time we talked,
we talked about Seabrook
and his decline. He's really
a third-tier guy now.
You called it, man. Remember I said it's tough
to give up on him, and then sure enough,
I think it was like you were on,
and maybe a month or two later, he got that healthy scratch,
and you just kind of saw the decline.
Yeah, so it's sad because, you know,
he is like one of my all-time favorite Blackhawks,
but he really has taken a step back,
and Duncan Keith has too, and he still looks,
I mean, I'm not a scout by any means,
but he still looks to me like he skates pretty well and moves pretty well,
but it's, it's just a ton of mental errors. He skates himself into trouble.
He tries, you know, weird passes and transition unsafe plays.
He's had one of his worst years too.
So you go from having a Norris guy and then like a legit, you know,
top four guy or maybe top pair guy like Seabrook.
And now you basically have zero impact defensemen.
So maybe being in the lottery isn't the worst thing for this team
because they need to find their own Charlie McAvoy.
I know those guys don't grow on trees,
but that's really what they need to kind of, you know,
jumpstart the team again.
Because I do like their forwards still.
You know, they got a lot of nice young forwards
and more on the way,
but it's the D that's just been
bad. It has
been at times an effort
thing too.
We'll get them tomorrow, we'll get them
tomorrow. Q was calling
them out publicly and
the effort didn't really get there until it
was too late.
So it's really, you know, a very disappointing year.
Yeah, I mean, it's just crazy.
It's a pretty legit comparison to say if the Patriots were just to have this horrible year.
It's similar.
I mean, that's how good the Hawks have been, and they have all these guys making big money.
I mean, nobody talked about Hossa, too.
Hossa, like, the guy scored 30 goals last year.
He's going to be in the Hall of Fame, and it's kind of quietly not, you know,
gone down that he, you know, I don't know if he's ever going to play again
for the Hawks, but this year they lost him out of nowhere when, you know,
at the beginning of the season almost.
But my question to you is, like, there's rumors that have always gone around,
and I think it's kind of obvious that Quenville and Stan Bowman do not get
along and throughout,
you know,
hockey you hear like,
you know,
you can have a successful relationship,
um,
while not really enjoying the other guy's company.
And the,
and the Hawks certainly have,
but I wonder if it's finally coming to an end and you see one of Q's
assistant coaches gets fired and it's obviously Bowman who decides it.
So can you see a time when Quenville's not the coach?
Like as soon as next year, you think he could get fired?
Yeah, I think it's certainly possible.
Again, I love Joel Quenville and I hope he's still the coach.
But yeah, that whole rift between he and Stan is very obvious.
How'd that start?
You know, I don't know if it was just death by a thousand paper cuts,
but the real big blow-up was when they traded Jalmerson.
So supposedly they traded Jalmerson, didn't consult him,
and then right around that, I can't remember if it was right before or right after,
they fired Mike Kitchen, who is legitimately Joel's best friend
in the last, like, 30 years or maybe even more.
So, like, going back to, like, I think they played for, like,
the Colorado Rockies, you know, back in the 70s together.
So it's been a long friendship, and they kind of showed him the door
and, you know, kind of brought in guys that Joel knows
but aren't, like, his guys per se.
So, you know, I'm out here in Denver right now.
I think I've heard a name from a couple people that Jim Montgomery might, you know, be the guy next year.
So I think he's the head coach at Denver Hockey right now.
He could be in the mix.
So, yeah, I think the only variable with that is that is a decision I don't think,
you know, from talking to people, that Stan can make on his own.
So I think that would have to be approved. They owe Q 12 million more over the next two years.
And I think John McDonough or maybe even the owner, Rocky Works,
would have to sign off on that.
But you know what?
He would be probably hired in three minutes,
and they probably wouldn't have to pay him.
Yeah, is that how that works?
I don't even know.
I think so.
I think there's pretty much kind of, I don't know if it's in contracts, but probably.
Yeah, generally, that's why I mean,
I don't always feel too bad for pro coaches when they get fired,
because they get paid if they don't take another job.
If they take another job, generally, that gets the first team off the hook.
Now, you said you're in Denver, Chief.
You should rent the movie Things to Do to do in denver when your team is dead
i think i've got plenty of time to kill so i'm gonna i'm actually gonna skate with those guys
uh this afternoon i think uh the denver hockey team and and i think i'm just you know killing
time doing some skiing but yeah there's there's i, I can't even really watch hockey right now.
I'm so upset about it.
So do you think this is the beginning of the end of the dynasty in Chicago?
Or do you think this is still salvageable with get a healthy crowd back,
replenish the D somehow and stand to the cap,
and they're right back in contention next year?
Or are these the first rumblings that things are going to fall apart quick?
Yeah, I think things could go either way.
I mean, they actually credit to Stan Bowman.
I mean, he's made certainly a lot of errors,
but they're kind of set up next summer to have a lot of cap room,
especially if they're able to trade a Nismov on draft day
once his no trade becomes a limited no trade.
So if they're able to move him, that's another four and a half.
And they actually do have quite a bit of money to throw around.
So they could be getting Crawford back,
further development of guys like Henestrosa, Nick Schmaltz.
They got that kid from Northeastern coming in, Dylan Sakura,
who everyone's so high on.
He's good, really good person.
Yeah, and then if they get, like I said,
I mean, it's crazy to say find a McAvoy who prompts all,
but there are a lot of really good young D in this draft,
and they have a couple that they've taken the last couple years themselves,
Ian Mitchell, Jokey Haru, the other kid at BU, maybe Witt.
You could give us a little insight on that kid, Chad Chris.
So they have some interesting pieces.
But, yeah, I mean, it could be like a blip where they come back.
And I don't know if they're ever going to be a cup team again because the
core is, you know, Kane and Taser are going to be 30 next year.
So that's not generally a good number for hockey players.
But, yeah, I think they'll be back in the playoffs in short order.
But for right now, it's bleak, and they need some things to go their way,
including finding an impact defenseman somewhere.
All right, well, you know what?
We really don't feel bad for you.
I don't think anyone does.
But we wish you the best of luck.
Thanks for calling in, man.
Have fun in Denver.
That was Barstool Chief talking about his dead hawks.
Maybe someday Jonathan Taves gets traded.
Who knows?
But now we're bringing in New York Rangers expert, 6'10", Barstool.
What's his name?
6'10", Barstool.
There we go.
All right.
Come on down.
Come on down. Come on down.
We now bring in Rangers expert, the man who's probably a little upset right now.
Maybe he's happy.
6'10 Barstool.
How are you, man?
What's going on in your brain about your Rangers right now?
What's going on, Wade?
Yeah, it's been a pretty wild last week or so, and I guess even further when you take into account that weird letter that the organization sent out to the fan base and whatnot.
But, I mean, it was time.
I mean, you have to look at this big picture.
I mean, realistically speaking, for this decade, the Rangers were a top-five team.
I mean, they made it to a cup final.
They made it to a game seven Eastern Conference final.
You know, with a little bit of luck, you know, maybe one of those two years could have gone a little differently.
They made the playoff seven straight seasons.
But when you're talking top five, the four teams ahead of them, they all have cups.
And the Rangers fell short.
The organization, whether some of the moves they made were right or wrong, they went for it.
It didn't work out.
This team was heading down south fast, and it was about time they had to blow it up.
Dude, it was the year they got Yandel.
That was their year to win it.
And remember, I think McDonough got hurt.
They battled a bunch of injuries.
That was kind of like, I thought, their best chance.
I mean, obviously, they went to that cup final, but still, I think LA was, was, you know, heads and shoulders above them in a sense.
But the range of fans I've talked to, and I'm wondering what you're thinking.
I mean, I know you just pretty much said it, but they're all saying they're happy with
this and it's like, all right, we have to do it.
This is how you have to do it.
If you're going to do it, you got to completely go all in.
And they still have younger guys that won't be making too much money in terms of guys
who do have, uh, are brights and stuff, but haven haven't had monster years so i think they're doing it right now it just comes down to like hopefully losing
every game the rest of the year and just getting the highest possible pick you can well yeah i
mean that's basically it i mean you look at some of the teams that have had relatively quick
turnarounds like like toronto and such and granted the rangers don't have their austin matthews or
even a kneelander for that matter but you know they have they finally you know kept a first round pick last year they traded for another one they got two kids that
seem to be potentially NHL ready coming up next year they're going to have five picks in the top
50 this draft and if Tampa Bay wins a cup they're going to have two more first rounders you know
the following year I guess my my biggest issue with all the moves i think they did well
for nash i think they did well for grabner um if i have to nitpick about the mcdonough miller trade
i just feel like yeah they were offering you know the grand prize of the deadline they you know
the tampa bay this is a franchise altering trade if they're able to win a cup and these are the
pieces that help them do it i mean what more can you
ask for it now from the rangers perspective they didn't need to get rid of mcdonough or miller
right now they weren't expiring assets they got a good haul but my whole thing is if you really
want these guys and you really want to win that cup give me one of your prize possessions give
me a surrogate chef give me yep give me one of your top line and if you're not going to do that
then cool we'll just shop them again this summer and potentially trade them in separate deals and essentially recoup the
same stuff they got at the deadline i said the same thing about the return when i didn't see
sergachev and then you know you see now they weren't going to trade braden point you know
maybe you try to get tyler johnson but when i didn't see sergachev that was the one like why
why did you have to do it because the hall i mean whatever it could turn out to be great um you know you hear good things about howden and the defenseman and you
got to draft well but but why did they have to put them together i don't get why teams are like oh
we you know we got to do this trade mcdonough get what you can and then trade miller in a separate
deal to to i feel like to lump them two together automatically you're not going to get the same
return that you would have right and that's that's my biggest thing. You know, like you said, I understand, you know,
trading McDonough. Considering how the future is lining up, you know, he's not, by the time he's
30, you don't want to give another 30-year-old, you know, eight years, 8 million or what have
you. They kind of learned their lesson from Girardi and Stahl. And I don't think McDonough is going to regress that bad, but you know, again, by the time
the Rangers are going to be good again, you know, if they kept McDonough, he's going to be what,
31, 32, 33, you know, the needle starts pointing downward. So they did have to get rid of him.
But again, like you said, they had a whole nother year where they could have traded him at the
deadline at the draft. Miller is still under team control, trade him at the deadline at the draft miller is still under team control trade him at
the deadline or at the draft i mean you said it best the only reason they had to force a trade
at the deadline is if it was a hall where you just said this is an absolute slam dunk no-brainer
and with draft picks if they draft correctly and these prospects end up surprising you know who
knows maybe we're happy in a couple of years but there's no reason they couldn't have got
or shouldn't have held out for a guy
that didn't need to surprise
that was as much of a sure thing as you can get.
Now, 6'10", Hank Lundquist, he's going to be 36,
actually tomorrow, today, actually,
Friday, March 2nd, he's going to be 36 years old.
Poor guy.
A lot of wear and tear, a lot of miles on him.
I mean, is his window to win a cup with the Rangers closed?
And if it hasn't, how much space is left there?
I mean, realistically speaking, you have to say it's closed.
I mean, he's got three years left on his deal.
He'll be 39 by the time it's done.
I mean, again, there's Brodeur and whatnot,
but you're asking an awful lot for a guy that's given all he could already.
Plus, you're asking this team to rebuild this team into a contender within the next year or two.
Is it possible? I guess. But is it likely? Probably not.
And a lot of, well, not a lot of, but there's fans out there that are, you know, picking on him for being selfish and not wanting to waive his no move and staying loyal to
the franchise, which kind of blows my mind. I mean, the guy's given everything he can, and he
has a no move for a reason. It's a contract the Rangers gave him so he can do whatever he wants.
But for those that are like, oh, waive your no move, we got to trade him and recoup something.
Honestly, I know he's great, don't get me me wrong and he might still have a little bit left in the tank but who's going to take on 8.5 million for the next three years for
a goalie that's 36 years old it would have to be sorry it would have to be the rangers holding on
to salary right but he and then and then if they did that they already bought out gerardi you know
maybe they buy out boleski or something and all of a sudden you got you know 12 of your salary
and dead money for the next couple years it just it's not realistic it doesn't make sense and kudos to hank for wanting to you know there's something
to be said for a guy that's willing to you know die with the ship he's once a ranger always a
ranger he doesn't want to go anywhere he doesn't want to leave when the going gets tough good for
him well i i'm gonna play a little devil's advocate and say that um i think he's part of the issue
there i think that playing wise i mean he's he's amazing yeah he's part of the issue there. I think that playing-wise, I mean, he's amazing.
He's had kind of a tough start the past years,
but he's still a very good goalie.
But when he gets on the ice after Pavlik got pulled that night
against the Islanders and he goes up and down the bench
and he's yelling at the team,
and when he does the thing with JT Miller and he's yelling at him,
that's bullshit in my mind.
I hate when goalies do that.
I know for a fact that when I was on a team and a goalie did that, you just said, dude, don't ever look at me after a goal.
Like, I just, he sometimes seems to me like a little bit of a hard-o in the best terms.
Now, whatever.
I know he gets frustrated and he's the leader.
But to me, it's like, if he could ever get, I don't understand why he'd want to stay i know it's i i i don't believe that it's um i'm here i'm a ranger once i'm a
ranger always i think he loves living in new york city i think he loves right he's a model he's got
whatever going on so um you know i i do feel bad in a sense he's probably never going to win a cup
but i understand how rangers fans could be like could we could we could get we could get a huge
haul for this guy if he would ever agree to go.
Yeah, but again, do you really think that's a possibility?
I mean, what would you think even if you're getting Hank for 37, 38, 39 and for 4 million or whatever half his salary would be?
Do you still think some team's really going to pony up a ton?
No, no.
I just don't really think that's realistic.
You're right.
And the Rangers' number one thing I think you'll agree is that's realistic. You're right. And the Rangers' number one thing, I think you'll agree,
is that you need a number one center.
And Zibanejad's a good number two, but he's not a number one.
You need a star centerman first liner to win a Stanley Cup.
So they're going to have to get that in the draft.
Yeah, and this kid Howden's getting a lot of hype,
you know, lighting it up in juniors.
I don't necessarily want to pin all the hopes on him,
but, you know, Philip Hedl is another talented kid so he's very talented yeah but but you're right when when
they trade i thought the zibanejad trade was great and i thought zibanejad had the potential
to be a number one is this season and last season were kind of derailed a little bit with a couple
of injuries but you're right i mean two years, is he the number one franchise leading center that they're looking for?
Or is he closer to like a slightly better Derek Stepon?
It's probably the latter, at least up to this point.
A couple of returns you got.
It looks like you're getting some immediate dividends with Namestnikoff you got from Tampa.
I think he's a nice little player.
He's the RFA at the end of this year.
Ryan Spooner, who you got in the Rick Nash trade,
what's he got, five points in two games already, 6'10"?
Yeah, and they both look great.
I mean, Nemesnikov played his first game last night,
had a goal and an assist.
Spooner, you know, with the game-winning Apple and OT last night,
he's been making plays left and right.
And I think part of those guys, along with along with you know kids like hayes and vc
and and brady shea on d they had a they have a ton of rfa so that they had to make a decision
and i think that's what made jt miller a little bit expendable because i think he's probably going
to command the most money next year um but yeah i mean you know you know spooner real well it's
apparently he's the kind of kid that has all the offensive talent in the world,
but he doesn't have much sandpaper to him and kind of needs a little work in the other zones.
But he's a fine piece to build with.
And with Nemestnikov, I'm a little concerned only because he broke out this year playing with Stammer and Kucharov,
and I'm pretty sure I can get 40 points playing with those two guys.
Dude, you're good for 20 and 20 playing with those two.
Right. 40 points playing with those two guys dude you're good you're good for 20 and 20 playing with those two right so so it remains to be seen because the two years prior you know i think he averaged like 30 points a season or something like that so you know again he's still very talented it still could
change now that he's got a change of scenery but you know i'm a little i'm i'm happy to have pieces
to look forward to um i'm tempering my expectations right now you know obviously you guys got rid of rick nash who was a big part of the ranges for the last few years
what what's the legacy he left in the ranges and uh how much uh the ranges fans gonna miss him or
are they gonna miss him man i i i feel bad i mean he's he he does everything right he's one of those
high character guys he plays well in all zones he's responsible he does everything right. He's one of those high-character guys. He plays well in all zones.
He's responsible.
He does everything he can.
He generates scoring chances.
He's always busting his ass.
But honestly, his legacy is going to be disappointing because when they made that trade in 2012, we were looking for an outright superstar.
The guy that was going to get you the big goal when the lights were brightest, when the team needed to pick me up the most, he was going to make that play.
His playoffs, I mean, he's played almost a season's worth of playoff games, and he's got 14 goals.
I mean, the Rangers lost three games to the Kings in overtime.
So a goal here or there maybe changes the complexity of how that series ends up.
The same thing with Tampa Bay in games five and seven in that Eastern Conference final.
They got shut out both games.
Where are you, Rick? I mean, he does everything right. It's just,
I guess not every elite talent has that quote-unquote it factor to step up and put a team on their shoulders. He's an excellent, excellent, excellent player, and I wish him
the best. I loved him while he was here. But in the end, again, I can't even tell you a signature Rick Nash moment as a Ranger.
Yeah, I mean, I do look to most superstar wingers have centermen, superstar centers they play with.
Right, that's fair.
So you've got to think that if he hasyou think of Ovechkin with Backstrom or Kuznetsov.
It's just difficult.
But I know what you're saying. I mean, when you don't produce in the playoffs to which you're expected,
especially as a superstar, you're always going to hear that.
But I do respect the fact that you're saying that he's a really good
all-around player.
He's not just an offensive player.
He can PK.
He can get pucks out.
So I think he's going to be great for the Bruins.
I think once he doesn't have to be the man.
And Krejci's better than any center he's played with in New York.
So it could be exciting for him there to get a new boost
and play somewhere else in the playoffs.
But we thank you very much for coming on, man.
Good luck to your Rangers in this hopefully quick rebuild,
and we appreciate it.
No problem, fellas.
Keep up the good work.
Thanks a lot, brother.
You do the same, pal.
6-10.
Take care, fellas.
Well, we now have my nemesis, the man who really can tell me just to suck it
because Barstool Geordie, your entire city is basically dominating
the sports landscape right now.
So how happy are you?
Let's have it.
I'm 25 years old, and I've never witnessed anything like this as a Philadelphia sports fan.
I mean, the fact that we have some, you know, just any sort of bragging rights over anybody right now,
it's a glorious feeling that I hope never fades.
All right.
So the Flyers are our main point of discussion, obviously.
We don't have to talk about the Super Bowl.
So this team's been on a crazy run.
I mentioned earlier in the episode to actually lose 10 in a row. And I know they got points in five, but to lose 10 in a row
and be where they are right now, like, did you give up a little hope at that point? Did you say
this team doesn't have it or and be honest, or were you the entire time like, no, we're fine.
We still have this much talent. We're going to get it going. Oh, I mean, I came on this podcast
and I said that they're definitely not a playoff team when
they were losing 10 straight i i said it then you know the the team it wasn't that they were
playing like the worst hockey ever it was just that they were like finding ways to lose and
you know when you kind of have that mentality in a locker room where it's like you have a two-goal
lead and no one's confident i you know i thought that this team was broken but i mean credit to
literally every single person in that organization for somehow managing to stick with it.
And now, they went from a team who I'd rather punch myself in the balls repeatedly than watch, and now they're just flying around out there.
So they've got new life, and it looks good heading into the playoffs.
We talked about the trade deadline a couple weeks ago.
They picked up Petereter marazic
from detroit you know well ahead of the deadline he's paid immediate dividends man are they going
to ride him into the playoff so you really think they're going to go back to elliot i mean how do
you take marazic out right now jordy i mean i i don't think that you do take marazic so it'll be
interesting to see when both neuwerth and elliot are healthy again who's going to be the odd man
out uh but dave haxtell kind of has a thing where you know and Elliott are healthy again, who's going to be the odd man out.
But Dave Haxtell kind of has a thing where, you know, if a goalie's hot,
he's going to ride them for as long as he possibly can.
So I don't see him getting on the bench just because some other guy comes in off of injury.
You know, and it's tough for guys like Elliott and Neuwirth who, you know,
they've done a great job so far this year.
You know, even though none of them, neither of them are like exceptional or anything i mean they've they've given the flyers plenty of opportunities throughout the way but i mean marazic right now he looks he looks hot and you know it i i think that you know
the team is kind of feeding off that too a little bit you know you bring a new guy in you got both
your starting goalies go down new guy comes in gets a shutout for you pretty much right off the
bat so uh definitely seems like a nice little change of scenery for him i know that he was playing well in detroit before
he came over but he's keeping that going so i think you've got to ride him as long as you possibly
can so when i'm forced to talk about the flyers because i never do it uh if i have that if i have
the choice but when i'm forced i always say that the guy who doesn't get nearly enough respect
around the league um is is Voracek.
And I honestly, I compare this guy to Malkin in a way that he dominates.
He's one of the only players in the league that he tells guys not to go and support him
when he has the puck in the offensive zone.
He wants room because he knows he's so good one-on-one.
Is he the guy in your eyes that kind of drives the bus there?
Or is it more Giroux?
And how big of a fan are you overall in Voracek's game?
Well, for a start, I love Voracek's game,
but apparently he doesn't love me
because that fucker blocks me on Twitter.
Wow.
Really?
Suck on that one, Jordy.
That's kind of weird.
What'd you say?
You must have been shit-talking him.
Yeah, he must have said something.
I must have said something.
I mean, he's pretty active on Twitter,
and he's good at giving it out. So, I mean, he must have said i mean he's pretty active on twitter and he's he's good at giving it
out so i mean he must have said he must have seen something that i said and just hit me real quick
with the block button so that one that one really hurts um yeah i mean he's just a guy who you know
i i think you know having jogger in in here for that one year it kind of really helped him
i mean it showed him how to work with that gigantic ass that he has um you know so he's
able to use his body in ways where you know good luck ever trying to get the puck off of him.
The one thing that I would say about Vorchek that he might not have as much of a kill mentality as a guy like Giroux
is just that he is always looking to set people up, sometimes to a fault, most of the time not.
I mean, he's leading the league in assists assist so obviously it's working out for him but you know i think that that jeru's really that guy who uh
you know i think both of them work together well along with coots all those gingers that are in
that locker room uh but you know jeru's definitely the guy who has that you know all right like
let's pick up our shit let's you know keep keep playing the way that we are i know that they uh
you know they had a mandatory team just gassing a few beers
to get themselves off of that 10-game losing skid.
So the boys got nice and drunk, figured it out.
I think that that's mostly Giroud leading the way,
but Voracek is definitely a heavy player in that locker room.
Yeah, taking a look at Mrazek's stats, I mean,
1.3 goals against, a 9-4-7, one shutout.
It's just three games, though, right?
Yeah, it's a small sample size.
But like I said, I mentioned when they got him, I think this could end up being one of the bigger deadline deals.
I mean, if he can get you guys to steal a couple rounds, man, I mean, something like you said,
you pretty much had them dead back when we had you on several months ago when they were you know losing 10 games in a row and going back to jeru i mean he's he's a guy who i don't
think we've heard his name mentioned as a hot trophy candidate like we have with like you know
our buddy taylor hall but i mean you think he'd be in the conversation 22 goals 52 assists uh 74
points in 63 games uh he's certainly playing at that level what do you think for the playoffs
jordy i mean they're they got a they're pretty firmly ensconced in there right now where they
shouldn't they should still make the playoffs did you have a preferred opponent or as a flyers fan
you're just so psyched to be back in the playoffs you don't give a fuck who they play uh yeah i mean
so for pretty much as long as i've been alive the flyers have never missed the playoffs in
consecutive seasons so i mean i know that that's not a ton to hang your hat on, but it
shows that, you know, we we've never gone through a skid of just being absolute garbage. Like, uh,
some of the other teams out there in the league who, uh, you know, had to tank their way to get
generational players. But, uh, so just having them in the playoffs after missing last year is going
to be great. Uh, obviously I would kill to see another Flyers penguin series in the playoffs after missing last year is going to be great. Obviously, I would kill to see another Flyers-Penguins series in the playoffs.
I'm not an idiot.
I understand how good the Penguins are.
I know that they just loaded up at the deadline.
But, I mean, any time that the Flyers and the Penguins play together in the playoffs, it's great for hockey.
It's tough for my health, tough for my heart.
But, I mean, nothing gets the juices flowing quite like Philly-Pittsburgh.
So would I like to see them in the first round?
I would maybe rather see them in the second round after they
maybe they get beat up a little bit by Washington, advance into the second round a little hurt,
and we can take on some wounded Penguins.
But all I'm looking forward to is a Philly-Pittsburgh matchup in the playoffs.
Yeah, I feel like you'd actually, I mean, I think I'd want them the first round because if you're
going to have, you got to beat them anyways. Might as well just get it done when you're
starting that first round and you don't have any injuries to worry about. But I hear what you're
saying, dude. We really appreciate you coming on. Good luck to your club the rest of the year. I'm
being honest. You know, I root for the Barstool guys and their teams, but I'm not going to be
rooting for them per se myself, but I
understand how you want them to win. So good luck to you
and thanks for coming on.
I appreciate it, fellas. Jordy, thanks for
coming on, brother. Good luck with the season, pal.
Those interviews were also brought to you by
Quip. When it comes to your health,
brushing your teeth is one of the most important parts
of your day. Quip knows that. That's why
they've combined dentistry and design to make a better electric toothbrush.
Quip is the new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibrations into a slimmer design
at a fraction of the cost of bulkier traditional electric brushes.
And guiding pulses alert you when to switch sides, making brushing the right amount of effortless.
Quip also comes with a mount that suctions right to your mirror and unsticks to use as a cover for hygienic travel anywhere,
whether it's going in your gym bag, carry-on, or wherever.
And because the thing that cleans your mouth should also be clean,
Quip's subscription plan refreshes your brush on a dentist-recommended schedule,
delivering new brush heads every three months for just 5,
including free shipping worldwide.
Quip is backed by a network of over 10,000 dental professionals,
including dentists, hygienists, and dental students.
Most toothbrushes don't get named one of Time Magazine's best inventions of the year,
but Quip did.
Find out for yourself why.
Quip starts at just 25, and if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets right now,
you'll get your first refill pack free with a Quip electric toothbrush.
That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chicklets.
That's spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P dot com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
I want to say thanks again to all the Barstool fellas.
They know their stuff.
After three funeral dirges, they actually had Jordy on to talk positively about the Flyers.
But yeah, no doubt about it, man.
Like I always say, our hockey coverage at Barstool is something we can always be proud of.
Underrated, big time.
Very underrated.
That's what happens, I guess, when your founder is not a hockey hashtag hockey guy you gotta scrap for what we can um speaking of what one of our one of our
funny funny guests yeah colby armstrong you guys had a little bit got a little risque on the air
what you fellas the other day no so he first of all so i didn't i ended up landing in toronto at
like three in the morning and i had to be at the studio at seven and army was still up because he'd worked this late Vancouver game so I land whatever and I'm like
driving to the airport to drive him from the air with 230 and he's still up he's like can you
believe we have to get up this early this is ridiculous I gotta set fucking 16 alarms so I
wake up whatever get the suit on get and look all fresh walk in I'm like calling army he's not
answering I'm like where is he so I go upstairs thinking he's up there he's still nowhere to be found everyone's calling he has like 300 missed calls
dude they had to have security he said some asian guy that worked at the mario or whatever
not pretty much knocked his door down and was woke him up by he woke up to some asian guy
some hotel worker shaking i'm like dude you gotta get put his suit on. Sprinted. He's in a full sweat. Literally probably got
there four minutes before our panel
went on for the first time. I was dying
laughing. So he's like, holy shit,
man. I think I set my alarm for
PM. So
classic Army. And then
he gets going and we're talking trades
and our panel was just like, we gave
the most memorable trades we were
a part of. It was Glenn Healy, myself, Army, Doug McLean, former GM of Columbus, and head coach of the Panthers.
And Jeff Merrick was running it.
So ours wasn't really, you know, we were just talking about old stories and stuff like that.
But we'd give our current thoughts on what was going on around the day.
And Army's like, sitting there, he's like, you know what, though?
We got these one-for-one trades.
There needs to be some three ways.
I love three ways.
It's the best.
That's what gets it going.
And I'm sitting there.
And obviously, of course, my brain works.
And I'm just like, oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
And then someone actually took a picture of me the moment he says it.
And I'm just like holding it and like, dude, why are you talking about three ways?
And Glenn Healy, just hilarious himself, says, oh, you like three ways.
He's like, oh, mean trades i could i had i actually was watching i couldn't tell if glenn healy was in on it or not no glenn healy was like in a sense of me trying
not to laugh glenn he was like i don't give a fuck he's like what are you talking about army
three ways and classic army was just like oh trades you know what i'm talking about trades
and then i sent out the tweet of the picture how i was like this is the moment that was so funny to me and he's like wait oh my god why are you sending that
out man why are you sending that tweet out man i'm like army the people love you you just have
to embrace that they love you he is great he's just that like like pure western canada farm boy
type like he's he's hilarious he told his trade story on um nbcsn the other night too about getting
sent to atlanta and how he was sleeping in his room and his mother called him.
She's like, oh, no, oh, no.
He's like, Atlanta?
He figured out through his mother's reactions he got traded to Atlanta.
Oh, God, no.
And he also, that day, he told this story on air on Monday.
He said that day he got traded.
I remember we had a pregame skate.
We were in Long Island.
And we had a pregame skate.
We come in after. Deadline deadline day people are fucking with people the trainers will call someone over and the whole ice looks and army gets in and someone had pulled out his bag like pack your bag
pack your shit as commie says and when the bags pulled out you're either getting sent down or you
got traded and uh so yarko root two he thought had pulled out his bag and so he's telling the
story online that that he's like oh oh, my God, I'm trading.
Everyone's like, no, they're fucking with you.
But he panicked.
Sure enough, four hours later, he gets traded.
And Ruto, he said, he thought, came up to him and was like, dude, I'm so sorry.
I didn't know you were getting traded.
I didn't plan on it.
And so Ryan Malone's watching it.
And he texts me and Armie on the side.
He goes, that was me, Armie.
Suck on that one.
He's like, I thought it was Ruto, you piece of shit, Bugs. He's like, nope, it was me.
I didn't know you were getting traded that day, though.
Oh, that's fucking worse.
Army has just
hilarious memories. He got sent to Atlanta.
I got sent from Pittsburgh, a great team.
I got sent to Edmonton from Anaheim, great city,
and the team was pretty good.
It's horrifying. When you get traded to somewhere
bad, a bad team,
it's a nightmare. I just felt Spooner, and he went to New York. It's New. When you get traded to somewhere bad, a bad team, it's a nightmare.
I just felt Spooner, and he went to New York.
It's New York City.
But to go from the Bruins that you've been there, and you've had a pretty good year,
and they got the chance of winning the Cup, and you just go to a team that's so out of it.
It's the most heartbreaking thing.
Which Canadian Twitter feed kind of dunked all over you? They quoted you saying, oh, that was the best trade in Pittsburgh history
when they got Kunitz.
No, that was Sportsnet.
That's who I was working with.
Okay, yeah, and then they included the picture
from the Stanley Cup,
and you're like, yeah, thanks a lot, boys.
Yeah, they made me give my most memorable trade.
I'm like, oh, it's the one when the guy won 19 cups since,
and I'm fucking doing a podcast.
Yeah, it's that one.
And then they retweeted it.
I'm like, all right, guys, enough, enough.
Speaking of, as you say, you always say getting dunked on yeah yeah so i got dunked on um i got a fucking
uh thing popped up says low tire pressure right you know no big deal i go to get the car uh
registered is that what it is every year you get to get it not inspection inspection dude because
i got tickets lately because it wasn't inspected i'm such an idiot i go in i'm like dude can you fix the tire pressure no big
problem he fixes it sure enough i'm driving down the road a couple days later pops up again i'm
like dude this tire's gotta be f'd up man so i go to goodyear firestone i'm sorry in hingham
hingham massachusetts dude i walk in there guy's a good guy bob i could tell working there forever
he's like we'll check it out you know you could have some nails in there we don't know we're busy though don't
know how much how long this is gonna take so i'm sitting there for two hours there's a woman
sitting there and there's a show on the tv like the shitty tvs they have it was about like
rhinoceroses rhinos in the jungle and one died they had like tagged them and we're following
them and one died she starts crying so i'm like all Alright this girl like you could tell she was on the spectrum
Like I'm like this girl like something
Something's off like around 45 50 years old
Two hours goes by I'm like
I'm starving I went next door
I get a sandwich right the sandwich is so good
I'm eating it Bob calls
Me up to the desk I go up for
Fucking maybe three minutes I'm talking to Bob
Hey we found some nails in the tire it's gonna be another
Hour I go back.
I look down.
My sandwich is gone.
The other half of my sandwich.
I'm like, what the fuck?
I look over.
This lady is mid-crunching on my turkey, honey mustard, lettuce, tomato.
I had chips in the middle.
I hear the crunch.
I look at her.
I go, dude, is that my sandwich?
She looks at me.
Full mug.
Yeah.
I go, what? What are you doing sandwich She looks at me Full mug Yeah I go
What
What are you doing
She goes
I thought you were finished
What the fuck
Outrageous
Crushing
Crunching the salt and vinegar chip
On the inside
I was like
I just go
Oh my god
I go
I wasn't finished
This is the
I told her
This is the most
Unbelievable thing
I've ever seen
She's like
Sorry
That's fucking
Hilarious
Like I thought you were a total stranger.
She grabs my Sango and crushes it in my face
as I'm getting news that there's 15 nails in my tire,
and I have another hour and a half to wait.
Can you imagine?
And did she just finish eating it?
Oh, dude, it was like her one big bite.
It was probably a little less than half the sandwich was left,
and she just shoved it in her mouth and crunched down on it.
This is why, by the way, you can still tell this woman had been crying about the dead rhinoceros on the fucking TV about an hour prior.
Can you believe that?
That's hilarious.
I would have freaked out.
That's funny.
Dude, I was so dumb.
I was like, this woman is running my show.
That's funny because I had a weird interaction. I had to get my oil. I had a weird interaction.
I had to get my oil changed last week.
And I'm sitting there.
There's a couple dudes, you know, like women, men, different races, whatever.
And a guy, the TV was on.
The guy's like, can I change that?
I'm like, dude, I'm not watching.
He couldn't find the remote.
So they're talking about gun control.
And this guy's like.
Oh, my God.
No, it doesn't even really get into the gun.
Guy's like, so what do you guys think about gun control?
And I'm just like. Don't speak to me in public. I'm like, what a weird thing. No, it doesn't even really get into the gun. Guys, what do you guys think about gun control? And I'm just like, what a weird thing.
Don't speak to me in public.
I'm like, what a weird thing.
He was nice.
Just like, okay, this has the potential to really go off the fucking reservation here.
So I was just trying to shoot the shit with him.
And in the meantime, another guy sat down and sat next to the first guy who brought it up.
And I was like, yeah, well, 35 years ago, people did.
You got involved in this conversation with strangers?
There was three of us sitting there he yeah you know the guy was nice
i was polite so you know as we talk another guy sits down and i says well you know 35 years ago
i said you know you know people didn't own machine guns and the guy who walked in halfway through he
slowly raises his hand like it puts his hand he has to say well and i recognize him as a very well-known
local gangster and i'm not saying his name i was like unless you worked in certain particular
fields you may have owned like old gang i recognized him right away there's no gangsters
anymore like there's a few but yeah old school guy who you know you definitely know his name
but but when i goes yeah 35 years ago people didn't know machine guns and his arm slowly goes
up and i was like unless you were in a certain field of work.
And he laughed because he knew.
I recognized him.
I actually knew his kid.
Hilarious dude.
Like running, getting my oil changed and hearing him talking machine guns.
Yeah, we've had some interesting cars.
I mean, when I'm in public and somebody were to start a conversation with other people around,
I will put my headphones in in two seconds.
If there's a guy who's looking to talk to a bunch of people he doesn't know there's no chance i'm taking part i people are too weird yeah yeah
but this guy was he was a nice enough guy he was just yeah just talking you know just low-key gun
control talk yeah yeah exactly well well well we had enough like an oil change how's the weather
yeah you have an ar-15 oh my god hold on i got my 30 on six in the glivy let me pull it for you
all right um bringing bad things back to the real world.
Actually, it debuted Wednesday night.
It was called the Nagano Tapes, and it's some Olympic company.
It may show up in your DVR as five rings because it didn't come up as the Nagano Tapes.
It's a one and a half hour long documentary about the 1998 Czech Republic team that won gold in Japan.
Miracle.
It does an awesome job of giving the whole history of the Czech Republic, like the whole
hockey program, all the communist shit that tied into it.
Highly recommend it.
I would love to watch that.
That's getting watched for sure.
Yep.
It debuted Wednesday night.
It's called the Nagano Tapes.
It might not show up as that on your DVR, so if you're searching.
NBC Sports?
NBC Sports Network.
And it also came up as like Five Rings Entertainment because it's like an Olympic-themed program.
Definitely recommend that.
Also, Real Sports HBO, they debuted a new episode Tuesday.
They took the NHL to task for basically denying that there's a link between CTE and playing hockey.
They have Steve Martin.
It's a new segment.
It's really well done.
Definitely check that out.
Plus, they did one on Doris Burke, the NBA analyst.
The woman?
Yeah, they do a segment on her.
It's fantastic.
So definitely check that out.
What do you got going on, Woods?
Nothing.
I'm going to Florida.
Leaving Friday, tomorrow.
We're recording Thursday, obviously.
But, dude, it looks like fifth.
Can a plane take off if it's raining and 40 mile an hour winds?
Is that probably not?
High winds can keep you grounded.
High winds big time keep you grounded.
What I'm saying is 40?
Is that considered?
I'm thinking right now it's rider's first flight.
So, fuck, God help us.
If there's a delay, I'll leave.
He'll go bananas in an airport delayed.
So I don't really know what to do.
But either way, I'm going to be down there.
So I'll be gone in Boca, in Del Rey area.
So I'm pumped, man.
Get some golf in, watch some hockey.
I was like, listen, we rented a house for three weeks.
I said, just get the NHL package and the games and have a pool.
And you decide everything else.
So it'll be fun.
But I'm actually coming back to work.
So I'll only have to be gone for, I think, one episode when I'm somewhere else.
And then when I come home, I'll be working and then coming home.
And then I'll come over here to record in two weeks.
And then I actually go right to the airport.
So I don't want to be remote for too long, but we'll do one.
Can we try that new system you're talking where we can look at each other, and so then we'll know because we can maybe interview someone when I'm gone?
Yeah.
All right, cool.
So we'll see how that goes.
We still got to get  I wonder if we  we got to try to talk to Halsey.
I'm worried if he  By the way, he's
MVP right now for me. If the voting's
today, I like Taylor Hall. I know Kucherov.
There's tons of options,
but Hall has just been such a beast. He has
I think 27 more points than the
next score in the Devils, which is higher. 22 straight games
too. 22 straight games is the point, which by the way, they don't
count at 22 because... He's three
games. He was injured for three games.
It's a streak. He didn't fucking play.
Either way,
he's just been so
ridiculous carrying the Devils, but
I'm worried.
He might not want to fuck up what's going on, so I've got to
get on him, see if he'll be willing to
come back and visit us.
He saw us last year, and since then, look what he's done.
Yeah, I've been on a tear. And actually,
he was our first Facebook live interview that we did for Manhattan.
And we are going to be going back down Manhattan.
We're still working on it.
Yeah, we've got to figure that out.
Probably sometime when the playoffs start.
So hopefully, maybe we can drag him back into headquarters for that.
I don't know.
Yeah, we're wrapping it up here.
All right.
Yeah, I got nothing.
I got nothing.
I was just thinking what else I had to say, but we'll save it for next week.
Peace out, everyone. One quick movie,
Amazon Prime, Logan Lucky.
Steven Soderbergh directed it.
It's kind of like someone on my feed said
it's sort of like a redneck version of Ocean's
Eleven. Great acting.
Good shit. Check it out, Logan Lucky. That'll do
it for this week. Thanks to all the fellas joining us.
610, Jordy, Chief, and
Frankie Borelli. Have a great weekend, everybody.
