Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This week's episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by SeatGeek.
If you're looking for tickets for the hottest show or sporting event in your town, give a whirl with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to find tickets for the football, hockey, baseball, or basketball games you want to see up close and in person this season.
There's nothing like being in the stadium or the arena for the biggest plays of the year, the biggest goals of the year.
And with SeatGeek, it's never been easier to get the guaranteed seats you want for great value.
I used to work at a job where we had a ticket master outlet, and it was always, you would never be able to find your tickets or where your seats are. What's great with SeatGeek app is you can see exactly where your seats are,
so you know where you're going to be from, where your vantage point is,
so you don't get stuck buying tickets in a different part of the arena.
With SeatGeek, you always get the best deal on every ticket
because SeatGeek price compares for you by searching multiple sites.
Prices can vary depending on where you shop,
but with SeatGeek, you'll always find the lowest available price.
Again, you know exactly what you're buying. With SeatGeek, you'll always find the lowest available price. Again, you know exactly what you're buying.
With SeatGeek, we want to help you get the most bang for your buck.
That's why every ticket on SeatGeek is given a grade based on value.
You'll immediately see underpriced seats
and be able to find the best deals that fit your budget.
Plus, every ticket you buy on SeatGeek is backed by their 100 guarantee,
so you can shop for tickets on SeatGeek with 100 confidence.
Best of all, our listeners get a 20 rebate off their first SeatGeek purchase.
To get your 20 rebate on tickets, first download the SeatGeek app,
go to the Settings tab, and click Add a Promo Code.
The promo code is Hockey, H-O-C-K-E-Y, for those of you who can't spell hockey.
Again, the promo code is Hockey.
SeatGeek will send you 20 after you made your first ticket purchase.
So go ahead and download the SeatGeek app, add the promo code Hockey,
and enjoy your free 20 toward your first ticket purchase. Hello everybody and welcome to episode seven of Spittin' Chicklets brought to you by Barstool Sports.
What's up everyone?
There's Ryan Whitney and...
What's going on?
There's Mikey Grinnells.
What's up buddy?
Grinnells, our producer.
I hope you guys had a good Thanksgiving.
I had a relatively quiet one. It was a nice one though. How about you guys?
I had a great one. I was telling Ryan before this that I had my five year high school reunion as well.
Oh wow.
And it was a marvelous night.
Did you hook up?
Of course I did.
Of course he did, huh?
Listen to this fucking cocky prickle.
I'm so jealous that you're out partying.
I mean, I love Thanksgiving.
I sat there for four days and just got loaded and ate the whole time.
So it's the best.
But I miss the days of that night before Thanksgiving
You see everyone from high school
That shit man
That's what it's all about
That's the best night
I don't miss the hangovers though
I would be hungover for three weeks
To go back in time to that day
People always say oh a rough night
I'm like no the fucking night was great
It's the day after that sucks
That's the rough part
So anyways hopefully everybody had an enjoyable Thanksgiving.
To our Canadian listeners, retroactive happy Thanksgiving,
because you guys do it back when we have our Columbus Day,
which is all kinds of irony there, but we're not talking about Columbus today.
We are talking about, speaking of people in Florida, the Panthers.
How is Gerard Gallant?
The Panthers, the first team to can a coach.
I didn't see it happening.
Florida did stumble.
I wouldn't even say they stumbled out of the gate that bad.
They're kind of in the thick of it in the East.
I mean, I'll point out of the playoffs.
Were you surprised by them firing Gerard Gallant?
I was surprised because I don't think he deserved to be fired saying that.
But going back to last year when all those changes happened, I totally see it now.
And I think when they basically pushed Dale Talon out, they kicked him upstairs.
He's not making really hockey decisions anymore.
Isn't he the one that's making the hockey decisions now, though, with the two ATMs?
Yeah, we'll go into this for anyone who hasn't really.
Front office is a very fucking convoluted now.
Yeah, I mean, in this whole situation, and it's funny for me
because I kind of saw all this starting.
It was two, three years ago now when I was in Florida my last year
playing in North America.
Costa Damosoli.
Yeah, exactly.
I could have called this.
And so I get sent down to the minors playing for Tom Rowe,
who had coached.
He was assistant coach at Carolina for a while.
He coached in the NHL.
Good coach.
Psychopath.
He's got a little bit of a lunatic.
A Mike Ehrman show.
I was getting scratched by him in AHL games.
And one of the games in between the second intermission in San Antonio,
he called me.
I'm sorry, he didn't.
He told the video guy to call me, and the video guy was like, hey, you got to come downstairs.
Tom wants you down there.
I'm like, what?
I'm like, what are you talking about?
This was during the game?
Burger.
It's not Burger if you're listening.
I was like, Burger, what are you talking about?
He's like, he's really pissed off.
You got to get the hair out of the sink after you shaved.
I'm like, shut the fuck up. You're kidding me. He's like, dude, I pissed off you got to get the hair out of the sink after you shaved i'm like shut the fuck up you're kidding me he's like dude i'm not i don't what you don't don't shoot the messages don't shoot the message and i go down there and tom's like what the fuck
is this shit you have fucking hair all of it i'm like the game's going on right now oh shit this
is in the middle of the game so i mean granted he probably had it out for me then i think we ended
on good terms but he got frustrated with me
throughout that season. So, I
totally went off topic. So,
Tom's an animal. Straight up
animal. From Linlin, the city of sin.
Is he really? He's a local guy?
Actually, the first, I want
to say the first American to ever score
30 goals in the NHL. I believe.
No kidding, huh? I believe that's the
case. Fact check me. He definitely looks like Mike Ehrmantraut from Breaking Bad, doesn't he? kidding, huh? I believe that's the case. Fact check me.
He definitely looks like Mike Ehrmantraut from Breaking Bad, doesn't he?
So now that you say he's a lunatic.
That guy was a badass, too.
Yeah.
So at the time, a former soldier in the Army, this guy J.B. Spizo.
Okay.
One of the most impressive, unbelievable people I've ever met in my life
was working with our AHL team in San Antonio,
helping the prospects, mental strength, all that stuff.
And he was very close to the owner of the Panthers, Vincent Viola, I believe it is.
Fact check me on that one too, Mikey.
That's just his name.
I might have pronounced it wrong.
So Tom and JB started becoming really close
and talking about what was going wrong with Florida at the time.
And, you know, Kevin Dineen's up coaching there, and he gets fired.
And so you look at kind of what happened,
and Gerard Gallant gets brought in the next year.
Tom's still coaching the AHL team in Portland, up in Maine.
And him and JB are staying close, and then JB's very
close with the owner, and I think over time
they just started saying, listen, we can
change Florida. Vinny Viola.
Vinny Viola, boom. Well, Vincent, but I call
him Vinny. I love that.
So, in the end
they kind of figured out a way
to have Tom go up, be
the GM.
I don't want to say convinced Vinny Viola,
but they got in his head to where we know what we're doing,
get rid of Dale, push him up top, Tom will be the GM.
Eric Joyce, who's a local guy who also went to Army,
he is the assistant GM.
He's running the AHL team now in Springfield,
and Gallant still stays coach.
So right away you're thinking, all right, well, Tom Rowe's the GM now.
He didn't hire Gallant.
Right.
So when you say, are you surprised, I mean, I look at that and I was like,
you know, it's not really the fit because I feel like Tom's going to want his own guy there
or he's going to want a coach.
And people had told me that and I said, I don't know.
I don't know if he really still wants to coach that bad.
It turns out that's what I think he did want.
And I think, well, the interesting point is something that we talk about on this show a lot.
I guess there was a real philosophical divide.
Oh, big-time analytics.
Exactly.
Now, you know, Florida, new owner, bringing a new approach with the analytics.
And like you say, they kicked Dale Talent upstairs.
Now, Dale Talent is a brilliant hockey mind.
He was responsible for basically the Chicago...
Well, I should...
Maybe brilliant. All right. You'd know better than I would.
He certainly knows his shit.
He built the Chicago team.
He built the 2010 Blackhawks.
He made a winner there. He's had a lot
of success in Florida as far as
getting them back to relevancy.
They kind of shoved him aside, which I don't know if that's
the best thing for them organizationally.
But it's all over analytics more or less, it seems like.
Yeah, I feel like this is going to be the first time you really see a team
that's making decisions based entirely on analytics and numbers.
And this is a moment of truth for all the people
who are complete analytic monsters out there.
If this works, you can tell everyone to suck it
because you've been saying this for a long time.
But if it doesn't, you're just going to see
even more backlash towards the all-analytic type thought process.
I don't think that there...
I think you need to have both.
You need to look at heart and character and analytics.
Which has always been our take here at Spit and Check,
which I believe.
Yeah, I think that's our hot take here.
It's one of our few editorial things we all agree on.
But going back, like, so Gallant in the summer, I know for a fact, didn't want Erica Branson traded.
Right.
Because he brought that edge from the blue line.
Right.
That they're missing now in a sense.
And that's tough to replace.
And it's tough to replace.
But at the same time, I mean, I'm on board.
Gerard Gallant had no business getting fired.
At one point out of the playoffs. They
haven't had Huberto for one game.
They haven't. They just got back
Bugestad. Right. Barkov
hasn't been playing great. Jager
is... I got all the respect in the
world for Jaromir Jager. So what does this
do to a team? He's done. But yeah,
he looks like a 44-year-old guy right now.
He's so slow and old, and he's on their power play,
and he ruins it properly.
And maybe I'm going to catch shit from everyone on this,
but I'm blatantly admitting he's one of the five best players of all time.
Absolutely.
It's over, bro.
Yeah, but he's 44, man.
And he hasn't been fast for a couple of years.
Oh, yeah.
He's like a sundial.
When you're playing in less than one half of the ice,
when he's in the offensive zone, it's okay.
But hockey's a 200-foot game.
You can only play 40 feet of it.
And he can't pass the puck anymore.
Every pass is like a knuckle puck.
I know.
It's tough to shit talk.
John Murray Jagger.
If you're going to strike him a lightning, just do it outside of my house, please.
I'm not striking down for Jagger.
No, it'll be a check good.
So, but going back to, you know, Gallant, have you ever seen a hockey decision that's usually a firing of a coach happens or a player's traded and maybe it's 60-40, usually 50-50 online.
That was 95-5 to what the fuck are the Panthers doing?
Why would you fire this guy?
What a great guy.
I've never seen more backlash to a move in my life.
Yeah, it was just a curious move.
Like you say, I'm looking here.
I mean, they're one point out of the wild card.
With injuries, with tough injuries.
Exactly, with tough injuries.
And, I mean, hockey coaches, they got to  I mean, it sucks to get fired,
but he just
got like a three-year extension like oh yeah he's getting paid for two and a half more years you
know they that's that's one good thing i mean yeah you feel bad for a guy with shit cam but you know
he's gonna get paid if he doesn't he doesn't have to work for the next three years also i heard
if they're bringing the uh the show the commish back on abc he's lined up for that i mean you
know he looks that's a ask Ask a Millennial mini question.
Let's back the fuck up. Michael Chiklis is an Ask a Millennial. He was on The Shield.
Yeah, but The Shield, dude,
Mike, he's laughing. The Shield, people don't know
The Shield. I do because I love it, but people don't know
The Shield, younger people.
It's fucking this century for Christ.
We'll get to that Millennial shit
later.
By the way, though. Can I ask you, though, Ryan?
You can ask me, bro.
Real quick.
What does this do to a team?
Because this guy is a psycho, Tom Rowe.
Good coach, though.
If you're a player, though, do you really want some guy?
Gallant was a player's coach.
Then you have a guy coming in who's yelling at people in between periods for not shaving.
No, a player's good player.
That's not going to happen.
That is pretty fucking gross.
It's just a little neck hair, bro.
No big deal.
But he, I think, will right away go in there.
There'll be no bullshit.
There'll be no Jager skating around the other end when they're doing team meetings.
None of that stuff will be going on.
But players love Gallant.
And that sucks
because I think they also knew we had to start winning.
I don't think they saw it happening this quick.
But all of a sudden
now, your ass starts tightening
up a little bit. Like, alright, I've got to be at practice
every day, ready to work.
And that's what could end up helping
them. Every guy
is going to realize, alright, that guy was
on our side.
They knew and they could tell that stuff was  it was awkward between Gallant and the front office.
There just wasn't  there was decisions being made on players being played in spots that the front office didn't want them in.
Guys getting played on the fourth line where they want to show them on the top two lines.
So you could just tell it was all going to happen.
And the problem was I think they wanted to gas him after the season but they made the playoffs last year so it was almost like he was dead man walking from from the whole okay from
the time this all happened when tom rowe went upstairs interesting but i mean i will say if
you're if you're like an actor and you need to like get sad for a scene dude they should you
should just look at a picture of gerard gallant on the side of the fucking road waiting for a taxi
that was the saddest picture I've ever seen.
The Miami Herald said that he thought his job was in jeopardy for some time.
Yeah, right when Tom Rowe became GM, he thought his job was in jeopardy.
Yeah, well, you get new ownership, you get new front office infrastructure.
That's automatically a concern.
Those guys always want their own guys.
I'm glad you brought up the pictures, Ryan.
The pictures?
That was depressing as shit, those pictures.
I saw those.
I know we ran it.
I think Nate blogged it on Bostel.
I don't begrudge anyone who ran it.
I don't get why the photographer felt that was photography worthy.
I think it was.
Look at what it did.
photography worthy.
I think it was.
Look at what it did.
I think the guy who posted those pictures likes Gerard Gallant.
Look at how he's getting treated.
One, they didn't even get him a black car.
Get him a fucking black car.
Black Uber. It's like 10 more.
Now when you get shit canned, is that something
the team would...
I've never been with a coach who got shit canned on the road.
But you'd think, get the guy a black car, no? Yeah, I mean, that's why the team would like i mean i've never been with a coach who got shit can like on the road but you
think get the guy a black car no yeah i mean well that that's that's why i'm curious but it was
almost like you're like tony's taxi coming down you know one hubcap it wasn't like a situation
where the guy's leaving in this you know 15 paparazzo damn you paparazzi paparazzo it wasn't
like there's all these paparazzi outside and he's ducking i mean it seemed like one guy just
had taken a picture.
It was almost like kind of humiliating, I thought.
He had to pay for the taxi, too.
Yeah, but the funniest thing was the next day, Tom broke it.
We're going to reimburse him for that 7.96 taxi ride to the airport, North Carolina.
And then his buddy, his assistant coach, who I think they've been together, are friends.
Yeah, he got shitcanned, too.
He got shitcanned, too.
He's on the side of the road.
I don't think he got an extension, did he?
I don't know if he got the same extension Garland got.
I'm not sure.
Which would really suck for him.
But just a crazy scenario.
And it's funny that going forward, what is going to happen the rest of this season with Florida?
Because everyone's watching now.
And they're going to get torched if they fall apart, don't make the playoffs.
They're going
to get even more ripped than they have been in the last two weeks or weeks since this happened
right because it just it does it's tough to justify canning the guy other than you know
they want to bring their own guy in and you know like you said they weren't going to do it over
the summer when they when they had a relatively successful year i mean not relative it was
successfully they had more points than they ever had as a franchise uh but yeah like i said those
some of those pitches just bothered
me. I don't know. Not that they were out there,
but just the photographer. Like, okay,
the guy got canned and he's getting a cab.
It already sucks for him enough, man.
I don't know why you've got to sit there and snap fucking pictures of the
guy. Yeah, if anything, though, it helped
people feel even worse for him because he looks
so sad on the side of the road.
And he's still in the Panthers
bags. Oh, I know.
I noticed that, too.
You've got to still fucking wear the logo.
The guys who just dumped you.
So, no, that's definitely something we're going to keep an eye on.
Last night, they lost their first game.
Well, shootout loss in Chicago.
That's not really a bad loss.
No, that's actually  they played pretty good.
I watched
Yeah, 38 saves.
They played good.
They just need a little bit of a change.
Maybe a coaching change does it.
But I think people have been on Barkov this year.
He's going to be one of these players that you don't know a lot about now,
the casual hockey fan.
And in five years, you're going to be like, where did this kid come from?
He could be a superstar, this Barkov.
But he's playing with Jager.
He can't stay up.
He can't keep up with the kid.
Jager was fourth last night, by the way.
Yeah, he was fourth.
But now it's just the 700 and whatever it is, 67th.
So it's just like, oh, then he got his 769th.
It's so separate from their team and what they're trying to do.
Right, the focus is that instead of team points.
And in the locker room, you're just like, all right.
I mean, that's awesome.
I mean, you're in an all-time or Hall of Fame or third in every point's goals.
Right, right.
But what are you doing right now?
Yeah, what are you doing right now?
It's the old Janet Jackson.
What have you done for me lately?
That's the song you don't fucking know.
One of those.
Who's Janet Jackson?
Are you fucking kidding me?
I'm 10.
I'm 10.
I almost just fucking...
R.A. just made a fist and just sucker punched Grinnelli.
I almost just rowdy, rowdy pipe my microphone off his head like he did the snooker.
Oh, no, that was Don Morocco.
I know the fucking name.
Don't even know who Don Morocco is.
I might as well be talking to a fucking...
Oh, by the way, later today, I have a now...
Once a week, when you ask to ask the millennials, I have an ask an old fuck.
No, that's good.
Well, again, we're going to bring it up when we get to it.
People did have that request.
But anyway, so yeah, Florida, keep an eye on them.
New coach.
But have some good news.
Jack Eichel's back.
Local guy.
And he got right back into it.
I think he had one of each last night, Mikey, right?
Yeah, he was a stud.
That one timer he had, oh my God. Just a, right? Yeah, he was a stud. That one-timer he had, oh, my God.
Just a rocket, you know, from the top of the circles.
He wound up, beat the goalie, short side.
I think that he was probably watching the start of this season,
the Matthews, McDavid talk, Patrick Laine.
And he's like, God, get me back out there, you know?
Like, he's right with all those guys.
He's a competitive fuck, too.
Oh, yeah, he's an animal.
A crazy competitive.
Animal.
And the only thing I worried about, because I had so many ankle issues, is I hope he didn't come back too soon.
Because this is, it's the type, an ankle sprain's the type of thing that it's going to bother him the rest of the season.
You can't ever, until you take like two, three months off, it never really gets better.
You keep kind of.
The infamous high ankle sprain.
It sucks.
It sucks. months off it never really gets better you keep kind of the infamous high angle it sucks it sucks
but last night he didn't look at all like it was too early he didn't look like uh slower his skating
was still as good as it always is and it's just great to see him and you know the relief you get
after scoring your first game it's just like oh just like you know you saw jimmy hayes i was happy
for him the other night he finally got. He threw the monkey off the shoulder.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Finally got one.
You know, you feel good.
When you see someone get one on their first game back from an injury,
you're like, all right, he doesn't have to worry about here and when you're going to score.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because then that starts to become a story that they don't need.
So it is good to get the local guy back.
Jumping over to the Western Conference briefly,
It is good to get the local guy back.
Jumping over to the Western Conference briefly,
two teams who were pretty slow getting out of the gate have awoken.
The Kings and the Predators.
Peter Budaj.
Dude.
Yeah, dude.
He's crazy.
He's one of the top goalies in the league.
He looked horrendous the past couple years when he was playing.
I'm certainly eating crow because, you know, I call him Flanders,
and it's not an insult because he's always had the Ned Flanders. No, you call him Jack Ned Flanders, right?
Well, Ned Flanders is Jack, so that's kind of redundant.
Oh, I thought he only got Jack.
Who only gets Jack in The Simpsons?
The Scottish guy?
He gets Jack, too.
Is he Jack?
Yeah, he's pretty ripped.
Okay, so we got two ripped characters.
Anyways.
All right, cool.
Well, the Kings are shockingly, I mean, now you look at them,
you see how if they get quick, now you look at them,
you see how if they get quick, when they get quick back,
they're all of a sudden like a cup threat.
And Jeff Carter, if you haven't seen many Kings games,
which I'm sure people out east don't get the chance to, dominating.
Has not lost a step.
Looks like he's gained a step. He's 31 years old.
And he's slowly turning in.
He's turning in, tell me if I'm wrong on this,
a Mark Reckie type career.
Now, the numbers aren't the same.
The scoring back in the day, Reckie would get 90 points.
Guys are never going to put up points to that extent.
But the type of player where you don't realize how good he is
until you see him often.
He's got two Stanley Cups.
He's got like 300 goals or something, 400 goals.
Yeah, let's look that one up.
I'll look that one up for you.
I think that he's around 300 at least.
I would never advocate pouting your way into a trade,
but man, if there was ever a guy I worked for,
I remember he got traded to Columbus.
He got traded to Columbus.
And he holed up down on the Jersey Shore.
Good for him.
He literally pouted.
Like they said, he was borderline in tears.
I mean, and at the time, I would have probably cried too.
Well, his boy Richards gets to go to L.A.
Right.
He's going to Columbus.
Exactly.
And it was just like, you know, he sat and pouted about it.
And you know what?
It ended up working for him.
I mean, he ended up.
And I think no one wants to see that.
But it just shows at least he had the right to be like, I don't want to play here.
You know, say what you want about that.
But when he got to L.A., he turned it on.
Yeah.
I mean, I would say he had the right to.
I mean, it's. Well, what do you mean you don't have the right?
He got traded, you gotta play for who you ever get traded for That's what you sign up for
If you don't want to, in the end
They trade you
But if every guy does that
Then you got a league full of whiny pussies
But they all have the right to do that
Wait, you're saying a player has a right to not honor his contract?
Am I hearing this right? I think that if a player
gets traded somewhere, I think 99
out of every 100 players is going to play, whether
they're happy or not. But if somebody doesn't
want to be somewhere and is willing to not
get paid while he sits out, he has the right
to wait and say, trade me. Trade me right
fucking now. They have the right to
gas you whenever you want.
600 points, Ryan. I guess, you know, when you're
on the contract, you're obligated
to honor that contract
regardless of...
Yeah, I think most people do,
but when you don't,
you can say,
all right, this guy
doesn't want to play here.
Maybe you hate him for it,
but in the end,
it was his decision.
I honestly...
It's been a few years.
Did he just sit out
and say,
I'm not playing at all?
Did they even suspend him?
No, he played.
Yeah.
He played.
He just didn't...
He wouldn't give an interview
three weeks after he got traded.
He just pouted about it.
But anyways, the Kings.
Yeah.
Just to steal a line from another podcast, I'd say the Kings are back.
And the Predators, which no surprise here.
We talked about them a couple weeks ago.
What's his face?
Pekka Rene had a slow start, but we knew he'd come around.
Yeah.
And that's basically what happened.
Rene's played good.
Things have started to click offensively for them.
They've won seven of their last ten,
and they're right back on the thick of it.
Mikey, were you going to jump in with something there?
Well, I was going to say that
Jeff Carter, 600 points is what
he ended up having. Granted, the stats aren't
the same as a guy like Rindy, but making
differences the way he did,
and quietly. And he's been,
like you say, doing it for years now.
I mean, he was on the 2010 Flyers team that had come back against the Bruins, you know, down 3-0.
You know, think about the Flyers.
They went to the Stanley Cup with Boucher and Leighton as their goalies that year.
I mean, that's...
And looking back, Leighton's the one who got Gallant fired the other night.
Well, it's funny.
That's what I was getting to.
Mike Leighton, he won his first NHL game in six years since that flyer season.
Six years between NHL wins.
2010.
Holy shit.
That's crazy.
Good for him.
That's grinding.
Jeff Carter, hell of a career for him.
And again, he has looked better as he's gotten older.
But speaking of getting older, Dougie Hamilton, we're not going to talk about him. But his name's gotten older. But speaking of getting older,
Dougie Hamilton,
we're not going to talk about him,
but his name's getting traded.
His name's getting bandied about in trades,
but that's actually just a segue to our... Classic Bruins, they should retrade back for him.
All right, Hamilton.
He's birthed one of our two popular segments.
Our question and answers portion of the show.
All right, Hamilton.
I almost said,
all right, millennials.
So, all right, Hamilton.
We're going to start
the new segment.
Mikey's going to have
our first question here.
So, I know you guys
don't like to keep it
too Bruin-centric,
but I got to ask.
I know you do, though.
Because this guy's
lighting it up right now.
Both you guys do.
So, my boy Castro
asks, stool chiclets. Is this your boy or are you just saying my boy Castro asks, Stool Chicklets, where do you rank Pasternak, David Pasternak, among the young superstars with his breakout season?
All right, Hamilton.
Is he a superstar?
Yeah, I don't yet think of him with Matthews, Eichel,
Laine, McDavid type thing.
But he goes out to get 40 goals this year, which he could.
I mean, at least 35 it looks like.
He's got 13.
He's second in the league.
Second or third in the league right now. Tied for second in the league with two other guys.
I think Line A.
Crosby's one.
But I don't know if he produces, if he makes as many plays, like, assist-wise, playmaking ability like those other guys.
But in terms of being, like, a sniper and a guy that can play on a top line and get you 30, 40 goals a year, I mean, he's turning out to be exactly what they hoped when they drafted him high.
Yeah, he's...
I love watching him play.
He's a bona fide NHL sniper as far as his shot, his release.
I mean, he has that NHL caliber shot where,
okay, this guy could potentially score 50 maybe at some point.
I mean, he's still young.
Yeah, he's still young, and he's unknown.
My buddy Dan Cleary was in Czech this summer for Yuri Hudler's wedding,
and they're drinking around with Voracek Hudler.
They're having a good time, and Cleary's sitting there, and he's like,
who are you?
And the kid's like, what?
He's like, who are you?
And he's like, Dave Pashinok?
I've played in the NHL for the last two years.
Like, nobody knows really who the kid is yet,
but you're slowly starting to learn that if he wasn't playing for the Bruins this year,
him and Tuca are pretty much carrying them.
It's crazy to see how Bergeron's struggling offensively.
I don't think he's healthy.
He's playing hurt.
I don't think he's healthy, which sucks to have to start a year like that.
And the worst thing for Bruins fans, I know we're always talking about them.
No, we kind of bite it down.
But we are fans,
but they counted on him so much this year
after his World Cup.
He looked so good.
He was, you know, Team Canada's best player,
him and Crosby and Marchand.
So then to see him get, you know, get hurt
and then have to go back and just start the year hurt
and now look this way, it's just, it's tough for them
and it's tough for him, I'm sure.
Yeah, all right, next question.
All right, let's move on to Ryan Delaney.
Ryan Delaney asks,
Stool Chicklets, do you think the new playoff format has been good for the game,
and which do you prefer?
All right, Hamilton.
I like it.
I grew up in the era when you had to fight and play your way out of your division
in the playoffs.
In the 30s?
The old Adams, Patrick, Smythe, and Norris divisions.
I know that's really dating myself, but I'm from that era, which how it is now.
You have to literally play your way out of your division in the playoffs.
I like it.
I think it creates great rivalries.
Of course, the Bruins and Canadians have already been established as a rivalry,
but I think over the years we'll get some new ones.
I mean, the
Patrick Division, which is the
old Rangers, Islanders,
Devils, Metropolitan. I honestly
changed it so many goddamn times.
They have, I think, some of
the best rivalries in hockey.
Rangers, Islanders.
I mean, you throw the Rangers, Devils in there.
Penguins, Flyers. Every combination there.
Yeah, that's great. You're right.
Everything there is kind of already established.
You know, here in the Bruins division, you know, basically the Buffalo and Montreal are natural rivals.
But, you know, we don't really have a big rivalry with Detroit yet.
Dude, Tampa Carolina rivalry?
Tampa.
Tampa.
No, Tampa's in the Bruins division.
But, you know, the Bruins, Tampa.
I think going forward, what you're going to see, if the NHL sticks to this current format,
you're going to start to see some rivalries where they formerly weren't.
Something like St. Louis-San Jose, but they actually don't meet until the conference finals.
You look at last year.
There's a perfect example.
St. Louis-Chicago had that amazing. But they've been established rivals.
I think it's been good because it rekindles those rivalries,
but it's also eventually going to give us some new ones.
All it takes is one series, like a bench-clearing brawl,
for there to be hate between franchises.
Yeah, but the only thing that I don't like is that now when you have these teams that have
just grown to hate each other throughout the regular season
or throughout time, they play
in the first or second round now,
whereas remember back when it was
Colorado-Detroit, it was the third round.
You don't really get it later in the playoffs.
The stakes aren't as high.
St. Louis-Chicago last year, it was the first
round. That was unbelievable. I just wish it was
a little later. I get that.
You're kind of shooting the wide almost a little bit
early as far as the big rivalry shit.
But it's still great. Either way, you're going to
get great matchups. The only thing for me
with the new setup is it's
confusing, kind of.
You look at the two wildcard
teams. Sometimes it's honestly harder
to figure out than when you were just looking one
plays eight and two plays seven. You have to look
inside the league.
Either way, the playoffs is the best time
of the year.
Sometimes it's a hump to get there.
Hump day.
Happy hump day.
Next up, Mikey.
Nathan Morelli asks, and this is a good question
because I think you guys will really like this one.
Stool Chicklets, I wet the
beak on Wayne Simmons finishing with
more points than Malkin. Convince me,
I'm not an idiot.
You're an idiot.
You're a fucking idiot.
I mean, I don't...
There's a chance, right?
But Evgeny Malkin on that power play,
I mean, he's passing it to
Crosby. He's getting passes from Crosby.
Letang at the back end.
Kessel.
Kessel.
Hornquist in front.
Simmons is the guy in front.
Malkin's the guy on the half wall or on the goal line with Sid.
And I just, what are they at right now?
What's their differences right now?
Let's see.
I would say I like that bet for the reason.
What are the odds also?
Yeah, I don't think he gave us what the odds were.
He didn't give us the odds, but it sounds like Evgeny Malkin was clearly favored.
I would think Malkin probably would be favored.
But here's why I don't think that's a bad bet is Malkin's injury history.
So you got Malkin's stats up there.
I mean, they're relatively close right now.
Wayne Train's got one more point than him right now.
Wayne Train's got 11-11
and Malkin's got
8-13. And like I said, I think it's a
good bet because, you know, Malkin's
had a lot of injuries, not only
lately, but in his career. And if, you know,
a guy like him gets hurt for 10-12 games,
that's the difference that you bet right there.
So you don't want to bet for a guy to get hurt.
That's what he's kind of betting on, though. Because Malkin
also can go out and get 50 points in 35 games.
Right.
And Simmons can't.
I think it's a decent bet.
He sounds like he's probably a Flyers fan because at the root of it,
he's rooting against Pittsburgh.
Can I tell you a quick Flyers fan story?
I'd love to hear it.
Why I hate the Flyers?
Because I know we're going to have a little guest from Barstool Geordie today, right?
Our first guest. Our first guest. Our first guest, little guest from Barstool Geordie today, right? Our first guest.
Our first guest.
Our first guest, yes, from Barstool.
So I played in Philly with Pittsburgh, and my dad came down to the game.
I think it was my second or first year and got buried from behind by someone.
I think it was like Riley Cote.
He ran me over, and I was down.
I don't know.
My shoulder was all fucked up.
And my dad's in the stands, and some guy behind him,
no clue that it was like my father, just some scumbag Flyers fan goes,
I hope he's fucking paralyzed.
And my dad turned around almost.
I don't know what ended up happening within that.
So now I'm just like, these people suck.
So if that kid is a Flyers fan and he bet on Simmons,
I hope Malcolm gets 100 points in the next 50 games.
Well, on that note.
I've heard worse from Bruins fans.
Yeah, I was going to say, you know what?
I mean, Philly is always going to have that reputation because it's Philly.
But, you know, I'm of the belief that every fan base has scumbag fans.
I mean, look at the other day.
Fucking Miami Dolphins fight.
I mean, because the NFL games are the worst.
Oh, NFL, you get murdered.
Seriously, there's so many drunken savages at those fucking games.
Drunken savages, that's a good way to describe them.
I don't even like to go to NFL games much anymore.
Plus, it's a pain in the ass going to Foxborough from here.
But, I mean, you watch that fight the other day.
Did you see it?
Yeah, the one kid was throwing punches that wouldn't have gotten out of a wet paper bag.
Get your body behind a punch, buddy.
It was like, what are you doing, buddy?
YouTube this fight if you're ever going to see it.
And all he did was put himself out there to get himself punched, which is what happened.
A guy three times the size of him ended up clocking him.
But anyways, every fan base has fucking assholes.
No exception.
Philly may have a slightly disproportionately higher than.
All right.
I'll take that.
Anyways, that's a good segue into our first guest in Spittin' Chicklets history,
the one and only esteemed Bastul Jordy, a.k.a. the Bastul Sports Flyers writer.
Jordy, welcome to the show.
Gentlemen, thanks for having me on for a shift here.
Do it any time, but I will say, Flyers fans, I kind of hate all you guys,
but I really respect you,
but I really can't stand the Flyers.
So going in, we do need to make that clear, right?
I wouldn't want it any other way.
So welcome to the show.
You suck, Jordy. How's that?
Jordy, the Flyers, I always tease them.
I always call it Flyers land,
that area between being a lottery team
and being a contender. What's different about the flies this year or is there anything different i fit you know
the answer to that question there's nothing different about this team they're gonna make
the playoffs as the last team or finish fucking right outside and get a shitty pick i i said this
i wrote a blog today uh right after flyers beat
the bruins in a nine round shootout last night uh but i i wrote in the this team is bipolar like
they they haven't been able to put together a full 60 minute game yet this season and we're i guess
like 23 games in um you know they they do the same exact thing for the past, you know, four or five years where they're, you know,
they show you some signs that they can be a pretty strong team and maybe make it, you know, through a full round in the playoffs.
And then they have moments where you're like, holy shit, why the fuck was I born a Philadelphia Flyers fan?
So let me ask you, like, Flyers fans to me, they're just insane.
I mean, I love the passion.
I just, you know, just thinking back to playing there
and how kind of ridiculous everyone was, I laugh.
You just didn't like having stone-filled dildos thrown at your head during the game.
Yeah, exactly.
But, I mean, I don't understand kind of where they're headed in a way.
I mean, I know that, like, a guy like Travis Konecti looks great, I mean, I don't understand kind of where they're headed in a way. I mean, I know that a guy like Travis Konecti looks great, young player,
but where do you think they're going to be in two to three years?
You don't really see this young talent coming up.
I like Provorov on D, but Gossespierre, but he's looked off this year.
I don't know.
Do you think that this is just kind of growing pains,
and in two to three years they're going to be competing for a cup,
or will it be the same shit? Yeah, I mean, I think that they have just kind of growing pains and in two to three years they're going to be competing for a cup or will it be the same shit?
Yeah, I mean, I think that they have a great core of guys.
You know, it'd be nice if we could get Giroux, Voracek and Simmons all clicking at the same.
It seems like at least one of them is going through a slump at some point and then they kind of rotate who sucks and who's playing well.
But I like the core group of guys.
Couturier is super underrated.
And then those younger guys that you brought up,
I think Ghost is just having a down start to this year.
I think that he'll be able to figure it out.
Right now, the biggest problem is we have some holes on the blue line.
Whenever you have to play Andrew McDonald on a nightly basis.
Yeah, so what happened to him?
What happened to him?
You watch them every night.
He was a big signing, a good player.
And what's gone on?
He's just lost a step?
Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, he got screwed by Paul Holmgren the worst
because, you know, you sign him signed him for you know six years at
30 million dollars um you know he was a good player but i don't think that he was worth that
money and then you throw that price tag on him um yeah i would say i would actually say holmgren
really like kind of helped him didn't really screw him he gave him 30 million
but yeah i mean the contract is attached to him
look at it that way yeah but um you know i think that he's you know a decent enough player if you
bring him in for you know a two three year deal and uh you know just you know a couple million
um but you throw that price tag on him and then you know he just doesn't perform to that level and everyone's out to kill him every night um you know but so the the flyers have some some struggles on the blue line still and that's
been the case for a while um and then goaltending they just haven't been able to be consistent in
between the pipes and that's been killing them i think uh i'll be honest uh i I wouldn't put it past Steve Mason to, you know,
hire someone to, you know, keep Michael Muirworth out of the net
for the rest of the season, you know,
maybe get a tiny Harding type of scenario going on there
because with him being injured, Mason, you know,
he's not worried about losing his job anymore.
And he looked, I mean, he looked great last night against Boston.
That's what I want to ask, Jordy.
Goaltending has been the flyest issue since
Hextall, pretty much.
Hextall was even
awesome because he beat the shit
out of guys, but they haven't
had a goalie since Pelly Lindbergh.
Well, I mean,
Hextall won
a Conn Smythe trophy in 1987. On a losing team, let's remind Jordy, they didn't win. I mean, you know, Hextall won a Conn Smythe trophy in 1987.
On a losing team.
On a losing team.
Let's remind Jordy they didn't win.
I mean, you might have to jump on the old Google and check out some Hextall highlights.
I mean, he was a bonafide fucking number one man.
But even he would let up some ridiculous goals from outside the blue line every once in a while that just kill you.
Yeah.
I don't want to talk too much shit on Hextall because if by any chance he
hears this, he'll come down to my house and he'll beat the shit out of me.
Probably a good idea.
But, you know, like going full, like you said, Mason's one of those guys,
like a lot of backups, he'll go on a heater.
Like last night, what, 47 saves or 47-something saves he had against the
Bruins.
He looked like a number one goalie out there.
But you know he's going to have a shit game right around the corner at some point.
You know, Mason or Neuvert, I can't imagine either one of these guys is the answer going forward.
What kind of prospect is Stolarz, Stoli the goalie who played the other night?
Is he a high-end prospect, or is he just a stopgap with Neuvert's injury, or what?
People are saying that he's going to be that guy. I still don saying that that he's you know he he's gonna be that guy i still don't
think that he's there yet i would like to i would like to see the flyers make a move um
for someone like ben bishop in the offseason maybe maybe on a couple year deal um just to
groom stolarz a little bit more it's it's taken them you know a little longer than i think most
people would expect to develop.
But that's usually the case with goalies, I'd imagine.
I don't know, a bunch of fucking nutcases in the net.
But I think that he could develop to be that guy when the Flyers are finally ready to make that jump in three years.
But if you throw him right into the fire next year, I'm not so sure.
That's like, I just hear just hear that like in three years
like i just hear like i'm like is that just hear you just pretty much thinking there's like no hope
kind of like deep down i don't think you think they're gonna like win in the next three years
sounds like a beaten man doesn't he ryan well i will say they're not they're not winning this year
um you know they they can make you know they could win a series next year but year I just don't like seeing
Wayne Simmons
Waste away
On the Flyers because that guy
He should be playing late into the playoffs
Every spring
Growing his fan base game by game
You look at Voracek, Giroux
Those guys
That's a very talented top three players in the team
Honestly Jordan I kind of share your frustration.
Like I say, the Bruins are kind of in the same area as the Flyers.
You have these great players that you're trying to build around,
but at the same time, you're just not good enough to contend.
I think we have more in common than I probably can to admit the last few years.
But the Bruins and Flyers, I'd say, are definitely on the same track.
I will say that the Bruins, I think, have a little better prospect pool,
but they're still similar teams.
They're just right where you don't really want to be right now.
Yeah, exactly.
But switching to around the league, Jordy,
I do want to give you a lot of props for people who don't read Jordy on Barstool.
Barstool Jordy, great hockey writer.
I love how much McDavid love you're giving.
You're always showing the goals every night.
I mean, you've got to just be as blown away by that guy as we are.
You're a fanboy for him.
I love it.
He's 19 years old, and he is legitimately a top two player in the world right now.
Yeah, I think he's probably, him and Sidney, I mean,
and it's getting closer by the day, it seems like.
But, I mean, I know that you watch around a lot of hockey, not just the Flyers.
So I do want to say I appreciate all the writing you do for Barstool.
It's some good shit.
And also, Jordy has done a web series, Life of the Beer League.
I forget the exact title.
Beer League Hero.
Oh, yeah.
So you played hockey growing up, or what's your story?
Oh, the Jordy story out here.
Well, I mean, did you play hockey?
Were you good, or were you a scrub, and now you're just men's league?
No, I mean, I grew up on the ice and played in high school.
I didn't play in college or anything.
So now I have a beer league team that I've been playing on for the past few years,
a good group of guys, and we get know, 10.50 on a Tuesday night,
play around a little bit, be sore the next day.
Do you fight?
Are there fights in this league?
I don't fight.
I'm like 5'8 on a good day when I'm standing up straight.
You know, I throw pillows for hands.
So I'm not fighting.
But, you know, most of what I'm doing out there, a whole lot of chirping.
My mouth is always running 100 miles an hour.
So, you know, I kind of set some other guys up for some fights, and they take care of me.
How much of a fucking hero do you have to be to fight in beer league?
I think there's  in Philly, it's probably 80.
They probably don't even  they just fight, and then they do then they do a breakaway competition at the end.
I mean, this fight's in my beer league all the time.
Yeah.
And that's up in Burlington.
That's North Shore.
That's trash.
The league that we play in, there's like six teams,
so you play the same guys every other week.
Yeah, some rivalries for them.
And you just really start to hate those motherfuckers.
So every once in a while, some things get out of hand.
But luckily, I've been able to stay away from the punches because I'm not so sure if I can take one these days.
So it's kind of just like a playoff series.
You get sick of each other after a while.
Exactly.
Anything else out there, Jordy?
You want to promote any other upcoming projects, anything with the stool now that you're a full-time?
By the way, congratulations on getting the full-time gig and not having to reside in that piss-smelling island called Manhattan.
But any other stuff you want to promote before we move on to the next part of the show?
No, just Beer League Heroes, and I really appreciate bringing me on.
I've been a big fan of the show since the show.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, buddy.
It's at Barstool Geordie, correct?
Exactly.
All right, everybody.
That's Barstool Geordie.
Give him a follow if for some reason you haven't already.
Check out his web series.
Check out his Twitter feed and all his blog stuff.
He's fantastic on staying on top of the NHL at Barstool.
Unfortunately, I don't have the hours to do it as much as I'd like,
but Jordy certainly picks up the slack in that area.
So, Jordy, have a good day.
Thanks for coming on, buddy.
Take it easy, boys.
Philly sucks, bro.
Okay, and a big thank you to at Barstool Jordy for joining us, our first guest.
Good guy for a Flyers fan.
Not bad for a Flyers fan.
I want to see him skate, though.
I've tried watching those videos.
Hopefully our former pro on staff here will get some of his former teammates on the show.
We can have some.
We've got to figure out, who do people want to hear from?
I texted T. Mussolini.
I haven't got a response yet.
It's probably not even his number anymore.
It only had 74 numbers on it with little dots over it when you had to fucking dial it.
Jordy is another millennial on staff at Barstool.
Segway, Segway, Segway.
Ooh, solid work there.
A very popular hashtag game, Ask a Millennial.
We've been getting tremendous feedback on it.
So it's time for that weekly segment.
I'm ready.
Gentlemen.
All right, what do you got?
Start your boners.
All right, first up this week, we're going to go Mikey first.
You always go him first.
All right, we'll go you, you wine bag.
All right, first one this week, Ryan.
Bubba Smith.
Bubba Smith.
I don't know.
I'm going to guess like a linebacker for the Alabama team in like 1960.
Okay.
Oh, no, Bubba... No.
No, I don't know. Fuck. Okay.
That's Ryan's guess. Mikey.
Bubba Smith. Bubba Smith sounds like a
trumpeteer from like the 60s or 70s.
You know, 50s, maybe. Oh, if this guy was
like a jazz musician... That's what I'm thinking.
Jazz musician. I'm gonna puke.
Who is this guy?
Subpenance.
Bubba Smith was a NFL defensive lineman.
Played for...
I was right, dude.
Well, you said Alabama.
I guessed a big, dumb lineman.
You were close.
Bubba Smith, he was a big lineman.
I think it was the Baltimore Colts.
I'd have to look it up.
But he was also in the Police Academy movies.
A big black dude with a mustache.
Could he make the noises that sounded like they were in the other room?
Was that him?
That was Michael Winslow.
No, that was Michael Winslow, who for us, the appearance is in a Cheech and Chime movie.
So another Ask Him Layo question from a movie that was out, what, in the 70s?
No, no, no.
Bubba Smith is a movie.
He was a football player
who became an actor.
And he's a football player in the Baltimore
Colts. Well, again,
Wait, what's the Baltimore Colts?
Yeah, exactly.
Actually, what made me think
of Bubba Smith was when they asked Bill
Belichick in his press conference the other day,
you know, if you could
have any other quarterback, you know, besides Tom Brady, who would you want to have as your quarterback?
And Bill Belichick said, Burt Jones.
Of course.
That's the most Belichick answer of all time.
Exactly.
Someone that nobody's ever heard of.
Somebody that millennials have.
Maybe that was his, like, ask a millennial.
Maybe he listens.
No.
Well, of course.
I was thinking of Bubba Shrimp from Forrest Gump.
That's what I was thinking, too.
And it ended up being dead.
I mean, the guy didn't play football, but he was.
I'm going to jump out my first window.
So Bert Jones, he gave the answer, which do you remember?
Well, of course, you guys don't remember.
Miller Lite commercials used to be the shit back in the day.
When they had the cans that they brought back that are awesome.
I'm going back when they still had the original bottles.
They used to have every fucking sports celebrity on the commercials.
They're all retired.
Go back and honestly go to YouTube and watch old Miller Lite commercials.
Your YouTube must be a sick joke.
It's like old Miller Lite commercials and then the network stars.
That's what he watches.
They were hilarious.
They were well made.
They were funny.
Workstars.
That's what he watches.
They were hilarious.
They were well-made.
They were funny.
And, like, there was one, you know, it was a golf tournament.
And Burt Jones and Bubba Smith, you know, Burt had a bad lie.
And he asked Bubba to help him out.
And Bubba Smith comes over and he moves the tree.
And he goes, no problem, Burt.
It's like a legendary fucking 1980s commercial.
So Ryan gets partial credit.
Maybe he could play the trumpet, too. Yeah, maybe he was secretly a jazz musician. Grinnelli strikes out again. All Ryan gets partial credit. Maybe he could play the trumpet too. Maybe he was secretly a jazz
musician. Grinnelli strikes out again.
Shocker. Next up, Ask a Millennial.
Ryan.
Pat Benatar.
She
played a musician in the 70s.
She sang
a couple songs.
You have a better chance
Of getting it
Yeah that's true
Did you know
I had no idea
I don't know if he's gonna
Fucking get one
I've gotten one
Remember I got one
No I don't dude
It's not the point
I'm trying to stump you
Motherfuckers
No if I want to stump you
I'll just go like
Pre-60s all the time
What's the song
Pat Benatar had
What a bad name
Pat
Pat Benatar
She was a huge Women's basketball coach Huge fucking star And she may have What's the song Pat Benatar had? What a bad name. Pat. Pat Benatar. For a woman?
Huge.
Women's basketball coach.
Huge fucking star.
She may have broken into the 70s, but the 80s was where she was wildly popular.
Wait, did he just say she was a basketball coach?
No, that's what the name sounds like.
Yeah, it does.
Women's basketball coach.
Yeah, like Pat.
Hey, Pat.
It's like that.
It's Pat.
That character.
That's an Ask a Millennial.
Oh, my God.
Saturday Night Live.
Wow, we're just fucking.
What are their good songs? What is her good song? Pat Benatar. Is it a band or a woman? No, that's an Ask a Millennial. Oh, my God. Wow, we're just fucking... What are their good songs?
What is her good song?
Is it a band or a woman?
No, it's a woman.
She's had tons of, like, okay,
Hit Me With Your Best Shot.
Fantastic song.
Oh, terrible song.
Hit Me With Your Best Shot.
Terrible song, dude.
But, well, it's funny.
When I was a kid, you know,
I used to hear that song when I was, like, 10 years old.
Don't slit your throat listening to this song.
No.
Are you kidding me, dude?
Hit me with your best shot.
As a 10-year-old kid, there was a line about another notch in my lipstick case.
I literally thought as a 10-year-old it was a song about a woman fighting.
Hit me with your best shot.
I thought she  I'm like, why would you want to fight a girl?
I mean, yeah, you want to hit anyone with your best shot. I thought she, I'm like, why would you want to fight a girl? And, you know, I mean, yeah, you want to hit anyone with your best shot.
But as I got older, as I got older, as I got older, she's a babe.
As I got older, it's like, oh, hit me with your best shot.
Oh, she's talking about the D.
Like, she wants the D.
So, no, hit me with your best shot.
Love is a battlefield.
Was she good looking?
Invincible.
She had that, like, kind of 80s punk.
That's not a very good picture of her at all right there.
Looks like a Pat.
This is kind of like getting really meta here.
But Fast Times at Ridgemont High, which birthed our All Right Hamilton segment,
there was one scene in like three or four of the girls in the high school dress
trying to look like Pat Benatali.
She was the type of girl, woman, rock star that 80s girls try to dress up as.
So, yeah, she was a huge star.
Really, honestly, a big star.
No, I've definitely heard of her.
I know she had some juice back in the day.
Monster star.
Okay, that's two down.
Okay, we're going to go with Mikey.
And I know he's not even going to get this one.
You're probably not either, Ryan.
But, hey, that's the game.
Okay, Mikey, ask a millennial.
Peter Sellers. Peter Sellers.
Peter Sellers.
Sounds like a former hockey player.
I'm going to go with porn star.
Okay, we got former hockey player and we got porn star.
We got 0 for 2.
Maybe both.
That's what I was going to go with.
Yeah, maybe that was Ryan in his days, a hockey player, porn star. That's the real was going to say. Yeah. Maybe that was Ryan in his days. How can you play a porn star?
That's the real reason you went to Russia.
Peter Sellers, cue the Pink Panther music.
You guys ever heard of the Pink Panther?
I do know the Pink Panther.
That's what the stupid French guy is like, the bad guy.
He was actually a chief.
It was back there.
Clouseau of the Lure.
See, I couldn't watch five minutes of that movie.
Steve Martin redid that, didn't he?
Horrible.
I love Martin, but he should get fucking...
So who is Pete Sellers?
Peter Sellers was a phenomenal British actor.
He did play the Pink Panther.
It's Chief Inspector Clouseau back in those 70s movies, which huge, huge movies.
I mean, he was a comedic genius, but he's perhaps best known for Dr. Strangelove, which is a Stanley Kubrick movie.
I'm getting two blank fucking stairs back here.
There's a song by a band called Dr. Strangelove.
I didn't know there was a movie.
Yeah, Stanley Kubrick.
I'm assuming this isn't even asking millennials.
Stanley Kubrick, one of the great directors of our time, directed The Shining, among other movies.
Good movie.
Good movie. Good movie.
I'll give you that one.
He directed Dr. Strangelove, which is a brilliant, brilliant black comedy,
not like a, you know, Mont Lawrence black comedy, like a jet black comedy,
like a dark satire comedy.
Do you have to explain that?
Well, it can mean two things, I guess, nowadays.
But, yeah, it was a very dark satire about nuclear war at a time during the Cold War.
And this, again, like I always say when you talk...
Juan Redhead sings a song called Doctor Strange Love.
Well, like I always say when you're talking about movies from a certain era, this was huge because he made a satire about nuclear apocalypse during the Cold War.
This was like, I want to say, 64.
He came out when...
So it's like, basically, this could happen and I'm going to make a movie about it.
Right, but he did it in a comedic way.
It's a brilliant, brilliant movie.
I tell people all the time to watch it.
Grinnell, you watch it and tell me how it was.
It still works today.
It kind of
marks war, marks a lot of
elements that go into it. I can sit here and talk about it for fucking two hours, but it kind of marks war, marks a lot of elements that go into it.
I mean, I could sit here and talk about it for fucking two hours, but it won't.
I can tell.
But Doctor Strangelove, with the full title is Doctor Strangelove or How I Stopped Worrying and Learned to Love the Bomb.
That's like the full title of it.
Jesus.
Peter Sellers, he was in that.
That was his first great movie, Doctor Strangelove.
Pink Panther, he owned the 70s.
I mean, Pink Panther was on HBO every other fucking day during the 70s.
He owned the 70s.
And then he was in this other movie called Being There, which was basically kind of a code-up to his career.
I believe he got a Best Actor nod.
Just a tremendous actor, kind of a complicated guy, but no surprise.
Neither one of his knew who Peter Sellers was.
Nope, no surprise at all on that one.
All right.
So you got a, doesn't Ryan have a, do you have any more?
Go ahead.
What were you going to say?
I was going to say, Ryan has an Ask a Geezer question, huh?
Yeah.
Actually, I got one more for you, and then we'll do the Ask a Geezer.
It's not Ask a Geezer.
It's Ask an Old Fuck.
It's Ask an Old Fuck.
Okay.
Ask an Old Fuck.
Last of the Ask a Millennials, Peter Chris, Mikey.
Peter Chris.
Two Peters. Never heard, Mikey. Peter Chris. Two Peters.
Never heard of either one of them.
I guess I got Peter on the brain.
Peter Chris.
Peter Chris.
It sounds like a trick.
Yeah, it seems like a trick here.
Peter Chris.
Peter Chris.
Peter Chris.
Sounds like a popsicle or something Back in the day Jesus
Something crazy
Popsicle
Fucking popsicle
I don't know
Peter
I got a tickle in my throat
Peter Criss
It's a trick question
Not a popsicle
Not a trick question
Dude
Peter Criss
I have no idea
Type of chips
Peter Criss
Okay you guys
Nobody's gonna know this one
I can tell
You guys are familiar with the
Makeup
Supergroup Kiss
The band that
Yep Yep Peter Criss was the Original super group Kiss, the band that wore makeup.
Yep, yep, yep.
Peter Criss was the original drummer for Kiss.
I'm going to get shit for that one.
Oh, really?
Why?
No, I'm going to get shit for it
because I called the guy a popsicle.
Oh, I thought you were going to say
your father was a popsicle.
I thought he was going to say
his father was a general.
Imagine that guy.
That guy's got millions.
He probably just crushed life and then he's listening to this podcast,
and someone thinks he's a popsicle.
Yeah, he actually hit rock bottom.
He was real bad with the coke and the blow,
I mean the coke and the alcohol during the day.
Yeah, he left Kiss.
He came back when they had one of their reunion tours,
and then he left again.
So that wraps up
this portion of the Ask a Millennial.
We got Ask an Old Fuck.
I get texts occasionally from people like
I like the podcast.
Good job. I'm really into
this Ask a Millennial.
I had a close friend of mine, Ryan Caldwell.
He's playing hockey in
Japan right now. I know he'll be listening.
This is how he worded it to me
Domo arigato to our Japanese listeners
Wait, what's up?
Some of the questions R.A. is coming up with
Are insane
If you ask a normal, not completely
Out of his mind person his age
They'd have no clue either
I said, dude, exactly
He said, he's quizzing you on movies
That no more than 11 people have seen.
So now, granted, all these movies are about to fucking go Godzilla on this motherfucker.
I'll get you his Twitter.
So I thought of we got to ask him some shit.
Yeah.
So, all right, I'm going to ask you.
Come on, creator.
What does it mean online nowadays when people put the frog emoji next to the coffee cup emoji?
That's big.
Like, okay.
I'm trying to put it in the words.
Like, okay, yeah, that's going on, but I'm not paying attention to it.
Kind of like what?
Like Kermit's drinking the tea.
Like, yes, I'm aware that this thing is going on.
I'm aware that this thing is going on. It, dude, you got it. I'm aware that this thing is going on.
I didn't think you'd get that one.
It's basically like none of my business.
Right, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
This is none of my business, but wah, wah, wah.
Okay, so maybe this is more embarrassing for me because I had to first Google what that
meant.
Yeah, and I didn't.
And then you got it without Googling it.
I think I just dunked in his face.
I'm not sure.
We're going to have to watch the videotape.
Do you have one for him, Grinnelly? Yeah. Dude,'m not sure. We're going to have to watch the videotape.
Do you have one for him, Grinnelly?
Yeah.
Dude, you're like 19.
You've got to have one.
Lil Uzi Vert.
Whoa.
Come again?
Lil Uzi Vert.
Everything is fucking... If you want to be a rapper, you just put L-I-L in the middle of things.
Exactly.
So I guess he's a rapper.
He's a rapper.
Oh, basically, just bingo.
Put L-I-L in front, and it's a rapper.
Like a little poopy from Brockton.
A little bow-wow.
A little spanky.
I don't know.
Come on.
Come on, motherfuckers.
I'm ready.
Can't even stump an old guy.
See, the thing is...
There aren't even enough questions because you're on the internet so often.
There you go.
See, I kind of have my fingers vag, like, vaguely on the pulse.
So you basically have
your fingers on everything.
Yeah, a little bit.
Whereas you guys
are just, you know,
I can't,
you guys can't learn
shit that, you know,
you just don't know.
Whereas I can kind of
get a little bit of it.
I think we talked about this,
but you know what Bumble is?
Yeah, that's,
that's one of those
Dayton apps.
Yeah, jeez.
Basically,
he would know that.
See, I know that.
He probably knows what Grindr is.
Yeah.
I wouldn't doubt it.
Hey, if you close your eyes, it's a porn star doing it.
That's all I'm going to say.
You don't know any difference when you close your eyes, all right?
I'll tell you, man, I'm glad I didn't...
You're just embarrassing us on these Ask a Millennial.
I got to start...
I mean...
At least i didn't
call a drummer a popsicle fucking peter chris a pretty popular drummer it sounds like too i mean
it sounds like basically nowadays like oh you just kind of swipe three times and next thing you know
you're getting blown off a stranger and like a subway platform is that that's pretty much like
modern dayton it seems like nowadays i don't know like i said a couple weeks ago i think you just
honestly at two in the morning, the bar closes.
If you have nothing, you just like get on an app and just say, yo, want to meet up?
Like, that is so amazing.
Yeah.
See, we didn't have the like fucking sup back in that day.
There was no texting.
Like, you couldn't text your booty call, you know?
No, you had to go to spring break to meet girls from Dorchester.
Yeah.
Hey, it's skydiving naked.
I'm going to dig out some pictures, bro.
You'll never fucking say anything bad about dark girls again. So no. So that's it. No more. No more stomping me. No. I'm going to dig out some pictures, bro. You'll never fucking say anything bad about Dark Girls again.
So that's it?
No more stomping me?
No, I'm going to come with some heat next week, though.
Yeah, he's better.
All right, well, I think that about wraps up another shining example of how to do a podcast.
Yeah, we need to hear who should I try to get for guests.
Sid Crosby.
Yeah, that would be pretty cool.
Who's the coolest dude you ever played with? Teemu. Teemu. Teemu Salani. Teemu's the best. I Crosby. Yeah, that would be pretty cool. Sid Crosby. Who's the coolest dude you ever played with?
Teemu.
Teemu.
Teemu Salani.
Teemu's the best.
I got shit-faced with him.
I've described him on one of these podcasts, haven't I?
Yeah.
All right, I think you should be the one getting these crazy guests, because you got all these
crazy friends that we don't even know about.
Yeah, but...
These famous actors and...
Well, people have probably seen R.A. getting kicked out of arenas for sneaking in the locker room and shit.
Yeah.
Actually, maybe we should get Chelly.
You know what?
I think I'll call Ryan Malone.
Yeah, Bugsy?
He's a legend.
What about Chelly?
He'll have a good time shitting on me.
I don't know Chelly.
You don't know Chelly?
I don't know Chelly.
I legit dropped his name as Chelly, too, when he almost pummeled me.
Yeah, you love using nicknames.
You're just a nickname guy.
Well, that's kind of the hockey thing, right?
Right, Wits?
Right, Rear.
Yeah, you basically just add, like, a Y or an IE to the name, and that's it.
All right, well, we had another fun episode today.
Thank you to Bastl Jordy for joining us.
We're going to wrap up today's show.
So, everybody, enjoy your weekend.
Enjoy your day.
This will be dropping on Friday.
So, thanks for listening, and we'll see you on the internet.
Peace out. Adios.
We'll be right back.
