Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by MyBookie.
Well, here it is, folks, tournament time.
NCAA, one of the best gambling times of the year, right up there with the Super Bowl, NHL playoffs,
so much action going on, you can really go crazy.
The big games are all here, and it's time to cash in big
and bet the big games at mybookie.ag.
If you haven't checked them out yet, it's the perfect weekend to get into the action.
No better time than the NCAAs.
Got a hunch on who's going to win any game?
Get on it.
Overrun this?
Take that.
Tournament odds?
We got everything.
Log on now.
Check out the props and get in on the action.
Don't just watch the game.
Lay down some lumber and be a part of it join me and thousands of online players and stop betting at mybookie.ag it's the industry leading online sports book and its players love
the fast payouts i would only recommend it to a service it's been good to me and our listeners so
get on it i urge you to make your way to my bookie you when they pay no hassles no bs you're wasting
your time dealing with everybody else.
They got live betting too, man.
So, you know, halftime wages, third quarter wages, all that stuff.
You can jump on it.
Third period, I like myself.
Bingo, bango.
So join now and score free cash to place on the NCAA on the house this weekend.
Right now, my bookie is giving away up to 1,000 to every new player.
Sign up today to score an instant 50 bonus on your first deposit. That's
right. If you join with 100, you'll get a 150 bankroll to play with. Use promo code SPIT to
activate offer. Play, win, and get paid. This episode is also brought to you by
Boy Hems. Gentlemen, get to a certain age and stop getting your soldier to salute anymore.
It's a problem a lot of guys don't want to talk about.
It's a sexual performance issue.
Guys don't like to talk about much, especially that stuff.
You know, 40 of men by age 40 do struggle with not being able to get
and maintain a full-on woody.
Over 25 of new erectile dysfunction cases are guys under 40.
You know, even the world's best actor can't fake it.
If you need help, don't be ashamed.
Go to 4hims.com.
It's a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual illness for men.
HIMS connects you with real doctors with medical-grade solutions
to treat your erectile dysfunction if you do have it.
It's a well-known generic equivalent to name-brand prescriptions
to help you combat ED.
No snake oil, no garbage.
These are real doctors.
No waiting room, no visits, no lines.
Go to 4hims.com. You send your info in and they tell you what you need. It's wicked easy.
Answer a few questions, talk with a doctor confidentially. Your product shows up at your
door. Nobody knows your business and that is private business that you don't want to share.
So that's why 4hims is great. Again, it's not just an issue for old guys and rich guys. It's
a problem that every guy probably has at some point in his life,
and no one wants to talk about it.
But, again, you don't have to go to the doctors.
You don't have to go bump into your neighbor at the urology clinic,
any of that stuff.
It's very hard made easy.
Say hello to your little friend.
Try HIMSS for a month today for just 5.
We'll get you started for just 5 while supplies last.
See website for full details.
This will cost hundreds of dollars if you went to the doctor or a pharmacy. Go to 4hims.com slash hockey.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash hockey. 4hims.com slash hockey.
Oh, baby Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 70 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Ryan Whitney.
Hello, what up? How are you?
Producer Mikey Grinelli out in Vegas.
I love Vegas, boys. I still haven't slept.
No, you haven't?
Yeah, no, I haven't. And our returning guest and newest member of the Barstool Sports family,
Paul Bissonnette, who's also in Vegas.
Biz, what is up, brother?
You know what love is, guys?
Getting up in Vegas, not going out the night before,
just to join Spit and Chick with the podcast.
It's sitting here like 6.45.
Yeah, but you and Grinnelli are probably in the same room right now.
Probably just shacking up with a couple of local residents.
We're docking right now.
You guys ever heard of the term docking?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I actually have, and that's disgusting.
Yeah, we'll move on from that.
If you do get any Vegas brats, just don't leave your fucking pants in the room
if you have to go to the bathroom.
Not that I know from personal experience.
But anyways, Biz, you announced it or you leaked it on your Instagram
that Biz Does BC is going to be our welcome to Barstool, man.
How'd that all come together?
I know we kind of dropped the hint about it several months back on the show,
but how did it all come together, pal?
Let us know.
Well, I mean, you guys
mentioned that it's something that Barstool might
be interested in, and I hadn't really
kind of took that avenue,
so I reached out to
Dave Portnoy, and
he liked what
he heard. He said, send it over. We'll give it a
look. He talked to his people, and
we figured out a way to
monetize it, and we ended out a way to monetize it,
and we ended up getting Warrior on board,
who I know they've done a little bit of sponsorship with,
the Smitten Chicklets podcast.
And they threw in a decent chunk of change,
the music to get licensed,
and I'm very excited for hockey fans to get to see this.
And hopefully about a month here.
Ideally, the launch time would be nice
if we get out right before playoffs but uh if we can't we'll probably do it after the first round
because we all know the first round is absolute chaos yeah the first round's the best two weeks
of the year i think it's like similar to the ncaa basketball tournament that's starting today
action jackson biz I watched the video.
It's so funny.
I mentioned that.
I mean, what episode is it where you're outside the Roxy?
Was that the first episode?
Yeah, that's episode one.
Now, that's something that people who haven't been to Vancouver might not get,
or obviously the hockey guys will, and especially the ones our age.
I don't even know if guys are still going there with.
Oh, see, I still, like, imagine a night where I couldn't imagine
not swinging by there, but I could see now, dude,
like there's so many probably clubs.
There's probably so many other places.
I mean, that place is like a complete hole in the wall.
It's a great hole in the wall, but it's not like you're going to some...
I remember being so underwhelmed
by the building and walking
into the Roxy and then so
overwhelmed once
11 hit. And I was like,
oh, this is the Roxy.
This is the Roxy.
All right. Did you go there
in Vancouver when you were there for the cup finals?
No, man.
I had very limited time there.
I got in late the first night and just was more concerned with getting my hotel
and all my accommodations taken care of.
And then the next night, the Bruins won the cup.
And so it was like, I don't know.
They were flying home.
They were flying home.
I mean, I did have a few beers with the bees in the room afterwards not a
big deal but they flew home that night and i had to go back to the hotel type up my story call like
yeah that would have been something i did it was pretty cool singing them we are watching them
sing we are the champions no and nobody recorded it was kind of one of those special moments that that didn't yeah somehow didn't find the internet someone has an awesome
recording of we are the champions at the stanley cup in the locker room and then like there's
random ra in the corner cranking it and everyone's like jesus christ get this guy out of here
that's a funny part yeah i didn't i they actually let me stay, I think,
because when I got tossed out of Pittsburgh,
it was obviously like, who's this asshole?
He's got a Pro Wins hat on in the Penguins locker room.
But out there, I think they kind of just let me hang
because I wasn't really bugging anybody.
And to put one down, I don't know if people know,
the Rocks use this kind of an iconic hockey bar in Vancouver
where, I mean, if you play in the NHL
and you go in there and you don't pull anything out of there,
you have to literally head in your cock at the door.
Like, if you're  no joke.
It's a policy.
If you go there and you're, like, a single dude looking to get after it
and you don't leave with somebody pretty much that it's that commercial
the new commercial with the square wheels on the bike you know like there's just absolute square
wheels on that type of guy no you legit have to hand your dick in a contract but before you leave
if you can't pull anything out of there it's like a rule no do they smoke like weed right in the
clubs out there is oh they smoked dope in the clubs yeah in? Oh, they smoke dope in the clubs?
Yeah, in Vancouver, because all I could smell
at the Game 7 that year was weed
at the arena.
Oh, I don't know what the
rule is. I mean, I'm sure it's
okay as long as they don't see you
busting it if you're discreet about it.
But, R.A., I had a question for you.
I hope this is a true story,
but there's like an overpass
by the rink at the rogers center in in vancouver and and i heard a story that a boston bruins fan
like got like either thrown off or jumped off and like ended up dying at after the cup final
wow that that's the first i've ever heard of that that seems like something i'd be aware of
i never heard it and then the rumor came out ever heard of that. That seems like something I'd be aware of. I never heard shit about it.
And then the rumor came out that everyone thought
that a Vancouver Canucks fan had put him over.
A murder after Game 7 would be unbelievable.
I mean, it's just a fucking game.
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
Hey, Vince,
tell us quickly,
like, give us a quick
rundown of kind of
what to expect
in the episodes
and what we're going to,
you know, get to see
when this thing
finally comes out
because I do have to say,
I know it's the 15th time,
I wasn't surprised at all
that Portnoy loved it
because it's just
how Barstool's humor,
I think guys
are going to love it.
Yeah, I mean,
my sense of humor is a little more aggressive than what's probably going to be shown in the doc.
But, you know, you have to make sure that you keep it respectful for these guys who are still associated with NHL teams.
So I try to find that balance between keeping it raw and making it family-friendly a little bit.
Which is very hard.
It's very hard to do.
You're good at it.
But in order to get more hockey players involved,
which we want to do going forward,
we ended up getting 17 guys in this one, past and present.
And, I mean, the whole stick is I'm doing a documentary
through British Columbia because it's a beautiful province
and there's a lot of beautiful places to visit there. And I'm kind of getting out of hockey
and I'm starting my media career. And keep in mind, this is supposed to come out in September.
So it's kind of this delusional stick where now I'm going to conquer the world of media
after I've conquered the NHL where I was an unbelievable hockey player.
And we have a budget, and things keep getting fucked up along the way.
And long story short is by the end, we ended up recouping it,
and everything works out.
And then hopefully it can lead into more projects.
So that would be the first season.
Yeah, it's going to be exciting when it finally hits.
So we're glad you're finally on board.
You at Barstool seemed like it was just bound to happen at some point.
But leading into other current NHL news,
Alexander Ovechkin, 600.
I happened to be working that night on television at NHL Network,
where I work, and I said right before the game,
not a big deal, Ovi will get two goals tonight and get 600 at home.
Patrick Laine will get one, and I called it.
No big deal.
I actually was really excited to get to see it happen because, I mean,
then you get to go through all his goals.
They're showing all his highlights at the studio and all that.
He's just incredible career.
I mean, it was one night where I didn't think at all he doesn't have a Stanley Cup.
I know that's kind of random, but people think when they try to dog Ovechkin
he doesn't have a Stanley Cup.
It's true, but for me it never even came into my mind.
He's the fourth fastest player to get to 600.
He was the fourth person to do it before playing 1,000 games.
The other three guys, Wayne Gretzky, Mario Lemieux, and Brett Hull.
Yeah, when those guys were playing,
goalies were wearing phone books as pads.
Dude, they had the Boston Globe wrapped around their fucking knees or pads.
Fucking globe.
knees or pads.
Fuck the globe.
So it's a valid argument that he could be the greatest goal scorer in the history of the league.
It's amazing.
Yeah.
What do you think?
R.A., did I hear you say fuck the globe?
Is there like a little bit of beef between you and the Boston Globe?
Yeah.
What was that?
Yeah, it's just very old school.
Old school Boston Irish people hate the Boston Globe.
I'm not going to bore our viewers with it.
Should we get this story?
Yeah, dude, I think people have millions of subscriptions to the Globe.
Now, a lot of people in the city still are angry over the Globe
for their stances over the years on certain things
and just philosophically don't agree with them.
Plus, the paper sucks now anyways because the sports section is nothing. angry over the globe for their stances over the years on certain things and just philosophically don't agree with them. And, you know,
and plus the paper sucks now anyways,
because the sports section is nothing.
The sports section used to be the best in the country 30 years ago.
Now it's just average,
like the rest of them.
I don't really,
I don't really,
you would read the paper.
All right.
That's fucking impressive,
man.
Twitter gives me a headache,
like 140 characters.
How do you do that?
I'm a big J journalism addict. That was my major in college.
I was the editor of a school paper my sophomore
year. I had a lot of fun with it.
That was 20 years ago and you thought you might actually
be able to have a career in newspapers.
Yeah, I got a little bachelor's degree
right now.
Holy shit, dude.
I'm not a graduate.
You got that over me
so doesn't granelli i was gonna say ra sounds extremely articulate this morning and it's
probably because it's so early there he has enough time i haven't had enough time to smoke a huge
joint and get all fucked up no i'm gonna i'm gonna guess he was able to sneak that in
yeah we're gonna go with. Correct on this one.
I've been honestly  I've either been shoveling or sleeping for the last three fucking days.
So I was like I had to prep.
I needed a proper preparation for this morning.
So just a couple bowls.
I'm actually out of papers right now.
The circle all the way back to Alexander Ovechkin.
Long way to get there.
For my money, yes.
That's how we do things.
That's how we do things. We go around. That's how we do. For my money, yes. That's how we do things. We go around.
That's how we do. For my money, the best
goal scorer I've ever seen and
I think the best in the league's ever seen.
Like Biz just said, the goaltenders.
You look at 80s goaltending, and no
disrespect to Gretzky. He did what he did.
But, I mean, the goaltender was just
absolutely pathetic in the 80s compared to what
we've seen for the last 20 years. The
butterfly changed everything. Just the technique. Goalieie coaches there's a million reasons the giant equipment
and info ovechkin to score that many against the caliber of goaltending goaltending he's had to
face i think he's the best best for uh for the money and honestly i wouldn't be surprised if
patrick line a patrick line eight gets the 600 before fucking Ovechkin did.
Yeah, I mean, you know what's crazy, Ari, is you've been old enough where, like, I mean, you saw the butterfly come around where it wasn't even invented
when you were fucking a young guy.
Guys are still standing up and kicking the legs out to make saves.
I could have used the butterfly back in the old kitchen cup days, you know?
No idea what that is.
No idea.
Goal three hockey tournament.
Not only goaltending, but think of how structured hockey is now
and how good defensemen are.
I mean, goalies are the most athletic guys on the ice now.
Goalies are all monsters now, too.
Dude, they used to be like Darren Pang.
I love Panger, but he's 5'0", 100, and nothing.
Like, Pecorino is like 6'6", 230.
He's probably like 210, but, I mean, there's nothing to shoot at.
Oh, I mean, they, like, breed him in a lab,
and then they train him like Drago from Rocky 40.
That's why I had fucking seven goals in over 200 games in the NHL, man.
And then they had them do something to create, like, make them the weirdest people.
Like, not only are they, like, breeding these robots who can just, like, split and just make saves, pucks going 100,
they have them read books to become the most odd people in the fucking
league. Oh, well, they've got to compromise somewhere.
I mean, look at Brizgala.
I'm playing a fucking Zoltan.
I would say favoring
the old school guys as far as
adjustments concerned, I guess you could
say there wasn't as many penalties back then.
There was a little more clutching
and grabbing going on, but
nonetheless, I think it's
way harder nowadays to score
goals. I would have had fucking 20 a year
back then.
Yeah, dude, I think now
50 a
year, that's
what 65 used to be. If you get
40 now, I feel like it's kind of like
the new 50, if that makes any sense. And if you get 30 now, I mean, that's still legit. It's like you used to be if you get 40 now i feel like it's kind of like the new 50 if that makes
any sense and if you get 30 now i mean that's still legit it's like you used to get 40 so
it's kind of changed the whole spectrum i know actually goal scoring's up seven percent this
year in the league but for a long time it's gone down yeah this is the shit this is the shit i
learned i love i love recording after i'm at NHL Network because I just
have these stats just rolling through my brain. I sound
like I know what I'm doing, but I'm just hearing things
and I'm not forgetting. And the quick thing
I want to prove, I want to, the quickest
proof of, for anyone who has
any complaints about goalies
now versus goalies then,
all you have to do is see the pictures. If you can get
a side-by-side picture, I've seen them tweeted out
all the time. All you see is net in the 80s. There's just net. It's like all I have to do is see the pictures. If you can get a side-by-side picture, I've seen them tweeted out all the time. All you see is net in the 80s.
There's just net.
It's like all you have to do is just put this there.
You can't get it.
Now you don't see any net.
So I'm not saying I want the nets bigger, but at least take away some of their pads.
I'm so sick of them having enormous pads.
Wits, that was a good point about the goal.
It's almost like there's been a currency rate exchange where 40 is the new 50 new 50 that that's a real good point we just don't get as many 50 goal
scorers as we used to but these guys are so talented they they would have scored probably
70 goals back in the in the 80s so that that's a good point because if you look in the you know
record books from the 70s and 80s you'll see like 40 goal score guys like whose names you
probably never even heard before like there was There was a fair amount of guys who scored 35, 40 goals.
Oh, yeah, dude.
You can meet somebody bagging groceries, and they're like,
that dude had 43 and 82.
I'm like, what?
You look it up.
He had like 91 points for like, you know.
We had an assistant coach, John Anderson,
who had 40 for the Maple Leafs one year.
And I was like, ooh.
And they're like, yeah, our dude had coached John Anderson. And he coach for the Maple Leafs one year, and I was like, who? And they're like, yeah,
I do have coach John Anderson.
And he coached the Chicago Wolves.
Unbelievable guy, by the way.
I've heard that.
Oh, he's hilarious.
He used to pick up with all the healthy
scratches. The guy was brutal.
He couldn't even skate.
This guy had 40 pucks in the show.
I know he's a little older now, but holy
shit. Is that what getting
old's about? Fuck that.
It's great now, though, because you can just be
like, yeah, that's a 90-point score in the NHL.
People don't know. They're like, holy shit.
Then they look, and there's 310
players that had over 83 points.
Well, guys, somebody sparked that conversation. Sorry, I'll let you hop in on this one. Then they look, and there's 310 players that had over 83 points.
Well, guys, somebody sparked that conversation.
Sorry, I'll let you hop in on this one.
But they were saying that the last time a guy won the Hart Award whose team didn't make playoffs was Lemieux.
So I was like, damn, that's pretty impressive.
I've got to go see his numbers because he has to be far above the rest.
I think they had like 185 points that year.
That was in 88.
I was like, holy shit.
The next guy in this line who I didn't know
who people are going to probably roast me for this
was Mike Brown. Is that right?
Yeah.
Might not be Mike.
Or Jeff Brown, maybe.
Yeah, Jeff Brown.
Jeff Brown.
This is proving our point.
The thing is, I know who the next guy was on the team,
and if he get 125 points.
I think you have to be an elite goal scorer now.
That's, I think, the overall point,
because you look at the list of all the top scorers.
There's no third-line scrubs who you're going to forget in 20 years.
I mean, you have to be elite to be an elite goal scorer now. There's no more-line scrubs who you're going to forget in 20 years. You have to be elite to be an elite goal scorer now.
There's no more just standing by the net and knocking up by a guy who's got,
like Whitney said, a Boston Globe on his knees.
Speaking of wits, did you put a mush on somebody last episode, Wits,
or am I imagining that?
Oh, yeah, dude.
Halsey, my man.
I went on my Halsey MVP take, which I thought was very valid.
It is very valid.
And not only did the streak end, like, you know,
a couple days later their next game, they played that night.
It recorded Thursday morning.
He played that night.
His point streak came to an end, this incredible run that he went on.
So I actually had to pause.
I left the place, and I thought, 100, 100 he's not getting a point.
I didn't know when they played next.
I looked that night and I watched the game like, oh, my God,
I am a fucking joke.
But, I mean, you know, he's back on the horse.
He had a one-and-one last night.
Jersey pumped Vegas in Vegas.
So, I mean, I can't imagine that if you're a fan of Vegas,
I know this year's been the dream year, the dream season.
It's so fun.
But if you're a fan of Vegas,
I would have a hard time being confident going into the playoffs.
I've said all year,
I don't think they're going to win in the first round,
whoever they play.
It's incredible they're in, right?
So, I was wrong about their season.
But, I don't know.
This is the first time they've lost three in a row at home this year.
And it just seems to be that I think as teams pick up their game
and really get going at full steam, Vegas has been doing it all year.
And everyone else is catching up and getting ready
and gearing up for the playoffs.
And I think it's going to start evening itself out pretty quick.
I mean, I'm 50-50 about that one because they have the type of team
where they get it done by committee.
They have a lot of guys pulling the rope.
Yeah, but what if you're
playing...
What if they play Anaheim
and who the hell is going to deal
with Getzlaff on their team?
I don't know if they get another superstar or two
on another team.
McKinnon, who's going to match up with a guy like that?
So, I don't know.
I get what you're saying, but the thing is,
I don't think they really concern themselves with line matches
where they just go.
And I've seen them a few times,
and I'm super impressed by how they just roll lines
and they get it done collectively.
I think that helps take a lot of stress off any one line too.
And they're able to keep that pace for most of the game.
And I've seen them play over three times now.
So that's where I'm impressed by how they can just keep doing that
and maintain that.
Even guys in their fourth line are contributing.
And going back to the Hart candidates,
I think it's going to be tough for Halsey to win it
just because he's so far back in points.
Like, he's 15 points back off the lead.
Yeah, I know.
McKinnon's going to win it, I think.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, come on.
He's surrounded.
Like, Rantanen's a good player, and so is Lannisgaard,
but Lannisgaard, I think, had a tough year last year.
And, I mean, Rantanen's not a household name yet.
We were there in Colorado the other night, and McKinnon is filthy.
He's a one-man show.
And I know people from, like, Boston would say, oh, Marchand or Bergeron.
It's just like, yeah, but they've been getting it done collectively as a group.
McKinnon's put this team on his back.
Same thing for Halsey.
I would probably say even Chino, Blake Wheeler are probably in the mix, too.
Who do you got, like, for the top three?
I have Hall finishing third right now just based on how many points he has.
Yeah, that's a valid, valid group of guys.
I actually think since January 1st,
Mike Sullivan said this,
if Genny Malkin's been the best player in the league
by like a landslide, it seems.
I mean, McKinnon's right there, I guess.
But Malkin looks like in 2011, 2012,
he won the MVP.
It looks like he's as dominant as he's ever been since that year.
What is that, seven years ago, eight years ago, it seems?
So if I think of him right away, he comes to my mind.
Wheeler doesn't get enough attention.
You know, McKinnon's right there.
Halsey, I still think, is in the top three.
I think people will start seeing how good Rantanen is.
He's a beast.
He's a complete monster.
Huge in size.
He's tough to get the puck from.
So him and McKinnon, especially at home.
I mean, it's a wide-open year for what seems like every award.
Even the Vesna, which I said Vasilevski had locked up.
He hasn't played good lately.
He's given up a ton of goals.
So the Norris is wide open.
Seth Jones, shout out to him.
That guy is a fucking beast.
You didn't get to watch him at all?
He had two tucks that night.
Yeah, he's impressive.
They took one away from him.
Oh, no, really?
Yeah, and I was watching, and I was like,
oh, now he tied two bands for the lead league in goals at 15,
and the next day they said some Muppet tipped it.
I don't remember who it was, but that's the worst as a defenseman
if you snipe one.
You're like, all right, great, and then some guy's like,
oh, I got a piece of it.
Actually, I heard a story, Marc-Andre Bergeron.
You guys remember him with the cannon, smaller, undersized defenseman?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
He was in Edmonton.
I think he was in like a 40-game goalless drought or something ridiculous.
I'm just making up the number, but it was high.
And, you know, an offensive D-man with a rocket, he's got to get goals.
And he finally got one, just a cannon.
And then, like, 10 minutes later on the bench, he hears rumbling.
Smitty says he got a piece of it.
And he's like, no, no.
This was before.
Like, now the league just changed it when they look at the replay over and over.
There was a time that it was like, hey, I got that one.
And it was just like, especially if it was a match, I'm like, all right, you got it.
The honor system.
So there's an honor system.
Has he told a story out here about Schmitty in preseason?
With Nugent Hoffman, yeah, I think I told that.
Oh, he told again.
With Nugent Hoffman, yeah, I think I told that.
First overall pick.
First overall pick in the NHL draft, the best league in the world,
Edmonton Oilers, Ryan Nugent Hoffman, such a nice kid. Everyone loved him from day one of camp, quiet but respectful.
He played his first exhibition game, or maybe not his first.
I don't know which one it was.
It was in Saskatoon. They'll. It was in, you know,
they'll do a junior-ranked one. And he
came off the half wall, and he snapped
one. And, you know, goal.
Like, nice, dude. You know, first of all,
pick your first goal. I don't care if it's preseason, dude.
That matters. That's important.
That's important. Exactly.
And all of a sudden,
Gordon gets it.
Smitty's saying it hit his shin pad.
He's got like 400 goals in the NHL.
And it's a preseason game.
Just give it to Nugent.
You had to step up and say, I actually got that one with the shin pad.
He's stabbing arm plants in a fucking junior rink with 1,500 teams.
This guy's played over 1,000 NHL games, stealing a rookie's goal.
And apparently you guys were like, we need to see this.
And you guys pulled up the replay because they had a clip,
and it was nowhere near them.
Yeah, I think the clip made it look like if it had hit him,
it was maybe hit the string that was off of his socks.
The clear tape on the ice that fell off.
Oh, man, yeah.
So back in the day of being able to cheese goals,
oh, that was a nightmare for defensemen.
You're like, anyone get it?
Anyone get it?
Some guys, ah, just caught my toe.
I'm like, no.
At least it's easy to catch them lying nowadays.
The fucking replays are absolutely incredible of a goal nowadays.
So you can at least, even if they credit them with the league,
you can at least bust their balls in the locker room like fucking a ball.
Yeah.
Hey, boys, you're in arbitration,
and you're bringing in a forensics team to try to tell them that you had more
goals last year because Smitty stole one.
Are they going to bring out the video?
Bring Smitty in with the line detector test.
Hey, Vince, you ever heard any good stories about, like,
how cutthroat and low blows it is in arbitration?
Like when teams just rip guys?
The latest I heard was Tyson Berry.
Oh, really?
Yeah, Patrick Waugh was telling them not to sign him.
They said, he's brutal, I don't want him here, he's not a winner, blah, blah, blah.
And, you know, I'm buddies with Tyson Berry, and I really respect his game,
especially the way the game's headed.
And so he ended up signing, and then Patrick Waugh left like a couple weeks later.
I don't know if there's any correlation to that.
There might have been other stuff going on,
but it was just funny how, you know,
obviously I'm buddies with Tyra Berry,
and they went into arbitration,
and they were just basically going to tell you how shit you are,
and you're part of their organization still,
so it's kind of weird.
So then he ended up signing, I think, five years at 5 million,
and he had an okay year last year, but he's fucking lightening up this year.
He's unbelievable.
I just thought  sorry, what's
No, no, go ahead. Go ahead.
Just thought we were talking about milestones here.
We obviously talked about Ole 600, but there was another huge milestone.
I feel maybe got overshadowed a little bit and that was 400 wins by your former teammate
mark andre flurry that's i mean that's impressive as hell i don't think anybody realized how quickly
he crept up there he is like i mean he he could he could finish second and wins i mean there's only
there's only two guys with 500. That's
Juan Brodeur. Brodeur got 600.
I don't think anybody's touching that.
Flurry, I mean, he's 33,
maybe 34.
He's at 400 now. Vegas
looks like who knows what's going to go on
in the next couple of years, but he's good. He's still
at the top of his game.
It's pretty cool for me to think back.
Flurry, I'll let you go into him after.
But Fleury, to me, I wish I had stayed in touch with him.
And when you get traded, it's like you think you're really good friends with someone,
and you are good friends with them.
But no matter what, when you're not on the same team, you just don't talk as much.
So I haven't talked to Fleury in forever.
But he went through so many tough times.
And that's what I thought of the night he scored 400.
Ironically, it was the same night.
I think you just said that already.
Same night Ovechkin got his 600th goal, and I started thinking through Fleury's career.
He comes up, first overall pick.
First overall pick in the greatest, not arguably, definitely the greatest draft class, 2003
of all time.
First overall pick.
That's your honest job.
That's not a big deal.
What were you, seventh rounder?
That means you're like a second rounder in any other draft.
I was fourth.
Should have been first.
Oh, okay.
So, Fleury, alright,
then he has the world junior heartbreak where he shoots
it off Patrick O'Sullivan, or his defenseman
into the net, Braden Colbert, I think.
Into the net in the world juniors.
So, whatever. Career goes on. Wins the Stanley
Cup. He's great. He's a great penguin.
Then all of a sudden, he loses everything. I don't know if you guys
remember him in the playoffs. He
couldn't stop the puck for like three years. Thomas
Volkoon took the job from him at one
point. And it was...
Dude, yeah, you were probably hammering it.
That Philly series
was the most insane
series I've ever seen.
It was like seven sticks every game.
And so it was like a pitcher who couldn't throw a strike.
Honestly, you didn't know what's going to happen.
Is he going to bounce back?
And he's completely backed out to this elite goalie.
And to get to 400 as quick as he did, third quickest ever, I think.
Or second, I don't know.
Lundqvist was a little quicker than him.
I don't know if anyone else was.
But it's just, I'm so happy for him more than anything, Biz.
Yeah.
And social media, especially Twitter,
started becoming popular around that time when he was going through a tough spell.
You're right.
After what he'd done for the organization for a good chunk of time
and bringing them their first cup there when they beat Detroit,
but people wanted him out of there.
They know.
And you know what people are writing and saying.
In Pittsburgh, you can't escape that.
I'll say this.
Anytime a fan base that hasn't won in a while ends up
winning a Stanley Cup, they kind of
get a little bit greedy in the
sense where they expect that they're going to win every
single year. I've noticed that
LA's like that now.
You're talking about New England Patriots fans.
Yeah, exactly.
Where it's just like, man, chill
out.
Tom Brady, I think last year they were 2-1. They lost the third game and people were like, man, like, chill out. Like, yeah, Tom Brady.
I think last year they were like 2-1.
They lost the third game, and people were like, he's done.
Trade him.
Keep Garoppolo.
Get him out of here.
It's like, holy shit, man.
Where's the loyalty?
And he just ignored the noise and stuck through it and battled back.
And as you said, man, he's really revamped his career because that was a tough stretch where it was almost, you knew it was in the back of his mind.
Everyone could see it, where in playoffs he couldn't stop a beach ball.
Yeah, he had, you know, two lights out seasons.
The year they lost in the Cup, sorry, and then the year they won it.
And it seemed like he almost like exhaled too much or something in the next, because the next four playoffs, I mean, you can say percentages 8, 9, 1, 8, 9, 9, 8, 3, 4, 8, 8, 3,
and four consecutive years.
That's those are some tough numbers,
but then all of a sudden you just kind of turn the light back on in the,
for the 14, 13, 14 playoffs.
And he's obviously got his mojo back.
So, you know, good luck, the flower in the future, man, 400 wins.
It's impressive as hell.
No, it's also impressive is making the Minnesota
hair video when you, A, don't live in Minnesota,
and, B, we can't see your hair.
Which, do you want to elaborate
on that for us?
Did you see this fucking
asshole who put me in the video?
You see this video?
No, is the new
one out?
Yeah, the guy does it every year, this
prick. Does anyone know his name?
No, he's a funny bastard, though.
Yeah, he is pretty funny, and these kids are dressing it up nowadays.
And it's better than it used to be because everybody knows it's going viral.
So everyone's got the pork chops flying, they're dying their tits.
Yeah, that's the only thing.
His videos are so funny.
But in the actual hair competition, I think originally it was started, like,
where some kids did hilarious stuff, but, like, he would more pick them out.
And now it's, like, you're trying to get on the video.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, they don't even care about winning the tournament.
They just want to be on that show. You know what I'm saying? Oh, they don't even care about winning the tournament. They just want to be on the video.
Yeah, so I'm watching it.
I'm laughing.
I actually laughed out loud a couple times, a couple of the lines he had.
I don't remember them right now.
And then I'm like, wait, what?
Because it's quick.
It's like a quick one second.
Even if you don't have a head.
And then he pops up my headless picture with Jackman pumping me.
I'm like, this piece of shit.
I'm like, who is this guy?
This guy is shit.
I can take a hike.
Hey, you know what, though?
He did it right, man.
You're talking about it on Spitting Chicklets.
He must be a listener, though, right?
I'm going to go watch it.
Well, I was thinking he's either a listener or he's either  maybe he's Jackman's buddy.
Jackman's from Minnesota, right?
Like maybe, you know, he finds a good story.
So either way, I get punked again.
I get punked.
I'm from Massachusetts.
I got a Jew fro.
I'm not Jewish.
And I'm getting punked in the Minnesota high school hockey video.
Maybe he's from Edmonton.
He hates your guts.
video.
Maybe he's from Edmonton and he hates your guts.
He's a diehard Oilers, Penguins, Ducks and San Antonio Rancor
fan who just hates my guts.
And the Cowboys.
Do you ever tell any of the San Antonio stories
on here?
About how you forgot to bucket order that
postgame meal?
Oh yeah, I think I
told that when I... Alright, do you remember
when I... My first game back in the
minors in San Antonio?
Yeah, I know you told the story on
there, but 70 episodes
plus the ones before. I can't keep track of what
it was.
It was just... For people who
don't know, you have these amazing meals and
spread them to planes after an NHL fight,
but the AHL, I mean, you're... It's the Iron League. You're living on your own. I can't even you have these amazing meals and spread them to planes after NHL fight, but the AHL, I mean, you're fucking, it's the Iron League.
You're living on your own.
I can't even imagine the Cheese Toast League, but the AHL, you got a menu from a local sub shop.
Actually, it's usually terrible, and you pick through what you want.
They're hawking loogies and fucking sucks.
Yeah, dude, it's like if you beat the Syracuse fucking Crunch,
some diehard making your pizza is going to wipe his asshole with a slice of cheese.
Oh, yeah.
So, you know, you got to read the menu, and then you got to, you know,
it's like a sub shop, so you just throw in your 10 bucks in the cup.
But, I mean, I was an NHLer 10 years, 9 years.
I'm back in the NHL.
Hey, you think Smitty was the guy who never threw in and just wrote it down?
Hey, guys, pretend he's short again.
I know a lot of guys.
I know a lot of guys who would have been the guys who were the guys
because every time, you know, if the orders add up to 250,
there better be at least 260 in there because you should leave an extra couple bucks.
We'd get orders that add it up to 300.
There'd be 190 bucks in the pot.
Every 10 guys are trying to scale. Hey, Witt, you're like in a playoff race in the American League,
and between the first and second, the trainer comes in.
He's like, hey, guys, just a heads up here.
Don't even throw it again.
The coach is throwing up plays on the floor.
Put your fucking
money in a 10-buck.
Game 7 of the
Call the Cup finals, they're like,
hey, guys, again? Again?
Like, we're 50 bucks
short, guys, and the coach is, like, trying to
draw up the pull-the-goalie play if you get it down to one.
We've been dealing with this shit all year, guys.
Put your fucking money in the cup.
We're trying to win a
collar cup here, man.
I love the difference
in you buy a team meal
in the AHL. You're like, I got one on the road.
I'll get you 20
subs, same flavor, and then
25 waters.
And they're all
soggy because you went no key and they're all soggy because you went no key
and they're all soggy. You've got to drive
from Ontario to Stockton
and it's a seven hour drive.
And then you're just like,
your body, oh, that league is
such a drive.
I played in the fucking coast, man.
You know how many times our sleeper bus
broke down when I played in the coast?
How many?
We had a game in Johnstown.
We would go day of, and it was a two-hour drive,
and the booster club was coming that game.
So they were following us, and our bus broke down,
and the booster club ended up, like, moving all of our bags onto their bus,
and they waited for it to get fixed, and we took the booster bus to the game.
So they had like 50 boosters in our sleeper bus to go to the game.
Finally, they found some of that.
So I don't know if they towed it or whatnot.
The booster club leader's like, guys, guys,
the seats on this bus aren't soft enough.
Lay down. The players will
use you as pillows for the ride
to the rink.
East Coast fans are
hardcore, man.
They have jobs making minimum
wage, and they're buying you
jerky jackslings for the bus.
They're buying you
pizza bars or whatever it is.
They love it. some road pots.
Dude,
a booster bus is straight
out of fucking Slapshot. That is hilarious.
I thought those things like stopped
in like the 70s when, remember the
chiefs are going down the highway and the two
broads were hanging out the window with the glasses
on, you look like my mother!
Yeah, yeah.
That was basically the boss we had.
Biz, did you...
I remember being told stories
by Western League guys.
I don't know if it was the same in the O.
Would you guys ever get
road shows on the road?
WHL guys say girls would drive up
next to the boss and give him a show while they were
driving.
I think we got flashed
a few times.
Have you heard that from Weston?
Hey, back then it was
like okay to talk about. Like, are we going to get
fucking shunned for like talking about this
kind of stuff now? It's kind of like a sensitive thing.
No, I don't know.
We're talking the truth.
Oh, I know, I know, but I'm
just saying it's like, you know how sensitive people are nowadays.
You can't talk about chicks flashing the bus.
Well, no, I mean,
like, they don't have to
listen if they don't want to.
You can't get rusty trombones anymore and talk
about them.
Those
probably won't be brought up.
You can always feel comfortable
putting your D's and P's on spitting
chiclets.
Don't ever worry about that.
You might have to finesse the language a little for your own safety,
but nothing off limits here, brother.
I'm going to save a story, and I'm going to kind of dangle it in front of
you guys.
Yeah, yeah.
I like that.
He's it.
He's it.
Well, hey, maybe if you guys are nice enough to put me on full time,
maybe I'll come in with the House of No Return story.
That's a tease right there.
You know.
Have I ever told you that one, the House of No Return?
Yeah.
That's coming.
I'll come in and check if I get the call up.
Oh, my God, I love it.
People will love that one.
Speaking of adding extra things,
there was a talk this week, P.L. LeBrun,
great journalist up in Canada. He writes for
The Athletic now. I don't have a subscription, so I wasn't
able to read the whole article, but he pulled
all the GMs in the league about
expanding the playoffs, and he got a really
overwhelming response. It sounds like something
the GMs are really horny for
because obviously it would make more money.
What do you guys think?
Should they expand?
They're talking about a play in the game,
basically adding two more teams in each conference.
So, I mean, it's almost like a playoff to get in the playoffs,
but you guys think they should do it, leave things as is, or what?
I do.
I do.
I think that there were 16 teams in the playoffs when there was 21 teams in
the league.
So there's going to be 32 pretty soon.
More playoffs equals more money.
It just creates more action,
especially and LeBron talked about how guys were mentioning like play in
games.
So, you know, if you throw four more teams and there's 20 teams in the playoffs,
you know, two of those teams play, like, a play-in series
or however you want to do it.
All of a sudden, that's, like, a two out of three maybe.
I'm just kind of, like, spitballing.
I didn't see that in the article anywhere.
But I totally am with, you know, adding more playoff teams.
Baseball is different.
Baseball is so hard to make the playoffs because the season is so long,
and that makes sense how it's, like, so difficult and not many teams get in.
But hockey, I mean, the more the merrier, dude.
It's only going to create for more action in the spring, which people love.
Oh, Tiger just missed the putt.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I'm watching Tiger.
And so if you actually think about it, it's only going to make hockey more
popular. I think the playoffs is when the casual
hockey fans... I've actually heard
plenty of casual hockey fans or even
not hockey fans say,
hockey in the playoffs is actually a must-watch.
You get some extra games and it's
a win-win for everybody. Players get some more money
and I don't see the issue at all.
Well, assuming
the pattern would be the top three teams in each of the issue at all. Well, assuming the pattern would be
if three teams in each of the divisions
make the playoffs guaranteed,
kind of like baseball is where you have to slot it in,
whereas now instead of having two wild cards,
you'd have four wild cards.
And what do you think,
that the first wild card would play the fourth wild card
in a best of three,
or do you just do a one and done?
Yeah, you can't do one and done do you just do a one and done? I feel like there's such a
Yeah, you can't do one and done.
You can't do one and done.
So you're thinking of doing a best of three for those teams,
and then like  so there's going to be a bit of a layover from the end of the
season for those  the other teams to get playoffs going because they've got to
wait for these wild cards to get done.
Yeah, good.
You give me at the end of a year,
you give the Bruins or Tampa right now,
end of the season in like seven days or six days
until your first playoff game, dude, every team in the world takes that.
Oh, no doubt.
Get guys healthy.
Get guys fresh.
I completely agree.
Break in some new wheels.
Break in some new wheels for the playoffs.
I think they need to start starting the season maybe a bit earlier.
Maybe, like, right at the beginning of August.
Like, right now, what do they do?
Like, August, like, 7th or something?
Or not August.
October, I meant.
Did I say fucking August?
No, you said August.
I was like, dude, you're going to have friends want to stab you to death
when they listen to you playing hockey.
I bet October is hot.
Well, the first game is like October 7th usually.
I mean, they could do like end of September, I guess.
There shouldn't be as  camp shouldn't be as long,
and there shouldn't be as many exhibition games.
Oh, man, there's like seven exhibition games.
But I'm going to go the other way, boys.
I'm a traditionalist.
I say keep it to eight teams.
I'd like to see them stop the stay in division thing.
I'd like to see them do just one through eight and do it,
filter it up that way.
I get that they want the rivalries and stuff,
but, man, you want the highest-end competition towards the end.
You've got to build it up.
You can't just like, oh, wow, first round.
Oh, man, second round.
Then it's just like, oh, man, you've got Pittsburgh and Ottawa.
I know it went seven, but come on.
I don't want Pittsburgh and Ottawa.
Well, the issue is, like, if you think about it,
and this was in the LeBron article,
that Toronto, they have the third most points in the Eastern Conference right now.
And instead of playing the team with the sixth most,
they get to play the team with the second most in the Bruins.
So it's like that's not right.
And because of that, it does create this unfair where they're looking for the rivalry in the divisions.
It's kind of sacrificing teams having a really good year and getting punished by playing
a really good team in the first round.
You want the easiest team you can get in the first round
and the Leafs won't have that this year
at all.
I think
what people want
is they want that rivalry in the first
round and then after first round
it realigns to where it
goes one through eight wherever what teams are still left that's what they've talked about so
then you get the best of both worlds you get the rivalry and two two and three is is more fair than
than doing it the other way so i yeah i i so then wait, so then the four teams to advance in each conference
would then be reseated one through four?
Correct.
Oh, yeah, I could buy that.
I could buy that.
Yes.
I mean, that's like another option.
But the thing is just trying to keep everyone happy.
I mean, some people like the new way and some people don't.
I just, I think that, you know know we went back to the pittsburgh
washington series like i'd rather see that instead of pittsburgh ottawa in the third round i mean
there's there's so much hype towards that talk about rivalries i think i think the nhl had great
intentions at the beginning because you know those divisional rivalries i mean i'm obviously
older player i think even like not even the canadians like boston playing the sabers in the
80s like those are some fantastic series,
Brad Park,
OT game winner.
So I think they were trying to capture that,
but they didn't foresee that,
you know,
certain divisions were going to be so top heavy,
like the,
like the Atlantic this year.
No one thought probably,
you know,
Tampa,
Toronto,
Boston will be at the top,
but not necessarily have that many points.
So it does throw everything off.
It throws everything out of whack.
And in the NHL, they're not afraid to take with their playoff system if you go through the history
on the website of nhl playoff like how you had to make the playoffs and how things played out it's
like finding the ark of the fucking covenant it's like it was that crazy to like just to get to a
stanley cup final they've changed so many rules so many times i would actually like to see you
know i think they did this, I want to say,
in the 80s, 1 through 16.
Did you just see everyone 1 through 16?
So you just get some wild fucking matchups and, you know, the dream.
Oh, God.
I would love that.
That wild west.
That would be awesome.
All of a sudden, like, you got Boston, L.A. in the first round.
And the only issue is that I think because of the travel,
it would never be agreed upon no yeah you don't want these guys tired uh changing time zones you're the quality of
products gonna go way down right i mean i i know obviously it's something they're not gonna do but
i know i think they should maybe give the division at least this year maybe another one and if if it
seems too top heavy like like i said teams are getting good teams are getting gonna get bounced
out earlier then yeah maybe go back to one through eight.
And, you know, that works for a long time.
It was pretty good.
Hey, guys, before we go get any further, I just want to talk to you a minute for about OMAX.
I know Omega three is a big health talk subject the last few years for those guys who really like to take care of themselves, of which probably not on the list all the time.
But you do want to be healthy every day.
And the fact is taking care of your health it's a big deal
it can be overwhelming that's why i've been loving omax 3 ultra pure supplements because with omax 3
you just need to do one little thing to experience big health benefits you don't have to think about
it here on chicklets you know once in a while we do talk about ways to be happier and healthier
and you know we come up with talking about the gym and doing this and doing that but tons of
studies have shown that anything that improves your health, you want to
do more of it. You probably heard about Omega-3s. I didn't know much about them until I found out
about Omax. I want to tell you about the purest way to get them with Omax-3 Ultra Pure, because
if you're going to do something, why not do it right? Omax-3, it's the purest Omega-3 supplement
on the market, nearly 94 high quality Omega-3s. It's the purest option,
so you get no fish burps. You only want those after a nice lobster roll down Castle Island.
Guys, I don't know if you haven't tried them yet. It's optimal health made easy,
all kinds of benefits in one little supplement. Omax 3 Ultra Pure, it's almost 94 pure omega-3
fatty acids. It's the purest concentration on the market. So if you're going to get one,
you got to go with this one. So don't stop talking about it. Just try it. Go to tryomax.com slash chiclets,
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, today to get a box of Omax 3 Ultra Pure for free. That's tryomax.com slash
chiclets to get your free box of Omax 3. Tryomax.com slash chiclets. Terms and conditions apply.
OMAX3. Try OMAX.com slash chicklets. Terms and conditions
apply. No, sorry. I'm just
I was just walking around
my room.
No, I was actually
walking around. I got to go to the airport
right this and go down to Florida.
To do what?
To golf my balls
off.
What a life you have, man.
To golf my wrench right off my body and hang out in the
warm... Dude, I won't get one
I won't get one
remote, any color on my
skin. I just burn and then it
just goes right back to white. It sucks.
Hey, is there a bit of pushback
for you golfing with the old lady and the kid now?
No, dude. There really
hasn't. I told her.
I said when we met, I'm going to golf all the time.
And if this is an issue, tell me now because it won't work out between us.
It's in your thumb profile.
She's actually
Do you have an issue with my golf game?
365, 24, 7, 24, seven.
No, she actually told me, she's told me since then,
that was the smartest thing you ever did.
Because like, if you tried to play this much golf, like after we met,
there is zero chance it would happen.
But you told me and I knew, and now I understand.
Oh, that's what I got to do.
I just got to write down all my needs before I meet someone.
No, you literally do.
I think when you meet
somebody, you just
literally tell them everything you're going to do
and then they can never be like,
oh, well, you're always just like,
hey, listen, you dated me. I told you.
I told you I needed to swing the wrenches.
Oh, you mean you shouldn't pretend
someone you're not and then eventually
it all unravels?
Yeah, I'm like Dr. Laura Whitney.
Whitney watching Tigers like Kyle Spacker and Caddyshack,
like, oh, I'm watching you right now.
You're looking pretty good there, little lady.
All right.
All right.
Do you have any relationship advice for us?
What's the question?
I'd love to give relationship advice.
No, just in general like
you know just yeah what do you what helps you what yeah tell me um i i've it's an old motto
and it's very true happy wife happy wife happy happy life um however that doesn't mean be a
you know that model's perfect it's like no that model's perfect it's happy wife oh and then you
start choking because
they're gonna choke you out just by being themselves like a happy life
i mean i i didn't i got married late in the game i didn't get married till my late 30s i had no
intentions of ever getting married but no i ended up dating a girl i had a crush on for years and
you know worked out pretty good but um yeah i mean you know it's don't be a pussy and
fucking cocking a pushover all the time stand up for yourself when you need to but you know pick
your battles man like you know like i was planning my wedding you know yeah the wife does 99 of the
shit and it's like hey how about this song for our for our dance no and it's like ah man you know
it's like what am i gonna fight about who gives it like am i gonna go to have a knuckle fucking
dragon fight over a fucking song that 10 years
now, you're probably going to forget what song it was anyway.
So you got to pick your spots, man.
Don't fucking die on dumb hills.
My relationship advice is actually...
My relationship advice, all I pretty much do is when I get home, I'm like, please be
in a good mood.
Please be in a good mood.
Please be in a good...
And nine out of 10 times, she is.
And then the one time she isn't, I'm like, hey, can I do anything?
Like, do you need me to do anything, like, right now around the house?
Like, can I do anything?
Because I'm always coming home from golf.
So there is a sense of, like, I need to do whatever she wants.
But those times she's just like, no.
And I can just tell she's just like, stay away from me.
I don't feel like looking at you.
Whatever.
You're in a bad mood.
That happens.
And then those times I just kind of slide away and I'll grab the baby
or I'll throw on the TV,
and then a couple hours later, she's like,
hey, whereas I have some friends,
why are you in a bad mood? What the fuck's your
problem? I'm like, that ain't gonna work.
Yeah. Yeah, Witt comes
home, he slams the door, he's like,
I was gonna shoot par, but I
double bogeyed the 18.
How was your day? He looks over,
there's shit on your old lady's face from the kid.
He's pissed all over her.
She's cooking you dinner.
No, I'm actually  before we had the kid, I had, like, Ryan,
like, you coming home and being in a bad mood when you don't play good
is the biggest loser pigeon move.
That was actually exactly what it was, the loser pigeon move.
And so now with the baby,
every day is a smiling day.
I'm shooting three under every time
I come home.
What else?
Very specific piece I could think too.
You just mentioned, if your chick's
in a bad mood, never, ever,
ever, ever bring up whether
her monthly circus is in town.
Just never go there
you get one of those in your relationship you burn it early if you're going to use it never do
it it's a bad move a hundred times out of a hundred if your girl's being cranky and you think that
don't fucking say it if she's on the vitamin the daily vitamin i.e the pill open it and if she's
on the placebo you got your answer shut it then you then it's like a relief like okay that's it fuck all right you are a doctor jesus christ this is a doctor that's that's legit did we just talk about opening up
placebos no no no and the birth control because you know the seven days they're on the on the
period that's the placebo it's just like just to keep the routine going but that that's also when
you know like i said the circus isn't down and you know if you if you don't want to see the
juggling and the clowns then i'm just go down to my man cave for the next couple of days.
Yeah, man caves.
Yeah, I mean, I like your guys' advice.
You know, hold out as long as you can.
Probably get married around 35 age.
Definitely.
Or 70.
Dip your pen.
Or never.
30 never.
You know,
get your pen and a lot of ink
and have a lot of fun.
And then get,
I think you eventually get to a point
where it's just like kind of exhausting,
like trying to like,
you know,
pick up strangers
and go on dates
where you just kind of meet someone
and you're kind of actually tired of fucking too.
So you're just like,
ah,
well,
I might as well just settle
with that awesome one
that I can put up with. Well, if you're, if you're, if you're just like ah well i might as well just settle with that awesome one that i could put up with well if you're if you're if you're putting like you know
if you're work benching some uh old ladies over and then like at some point you're like all these
girls are so painful like these girls are completely completely driving me crazy it's
like they're not even cool to hang out with so So, you know, you're going to get out a couple of times and be like, I can't even deal with
like speaking to this human being right now.
Hey, question guys.
What average would
you say you guys have sex with your
wives or girlfriends?
Are you married? Yeah, I've
been married
almost going on nine years
now and I've been with my wife for
shit going on 17
but just I just want to actually go ahead
well I was just going to say
okay so let's take the last year average
what would you say you guys get it in with the
old lady every week
like I just want to know
is it like is it true
does it really decline
I kind of got a rule
like I don't like talk about I'll talk about any prior relationships.
I really don't bring shit up with my old lady because for obvious reasons, you know, I mean, it's kind of personal stuff.
You know, I think hypothetically, if you're married to a girl for nine, I will say, yeah, I will say that I think with you, with anybody for any amount of time over a decade or so.
I mean, you know, you know, you can only ride the Ferris wheel so many times, you know,
and, you know, things, you know, whatever, you've got to find ways to mix it up.
You're dead. You're dead. You're dead.
Yeah, no, I think any relationship, you know, you just get to a point.
This isn't new. This isn't new info.
Exactly. I don't really have an average business.
And if I did, you know, like out of respect for of respect for my wife, it's just too private to share.
I will, however, agree that you do need to sow your oats, brother.
Whether they're guys, girls, whatever, you can't be left wanting.
And it's a weird example.
But Tiger Woods, man, there's a kid who never sowed his oats.
He was a nerdy golfer.
He probably had a girlfriend in college, probably never got laid.
And then he starts hanging out with fucking Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley when he's a millionaire.
It was just a bad recipe.
He should have been single for a few more years, did all that wild child shit, get it out of your system.
And then, like you say, you settled down on a nice dame in your 30s.
Well, I mean, dame, that's such an old word.
I will say it's even more so for the girl.
Like, I'm sure there's plenty of very classy religious people who,
girls who, you know, marry the guy they lose their virginity to.
But, I mean, dude, I'm not marrying a girl who's a virgin.
I'll tell you that for free.
Because at some point she's going to be like, what else is there?
This wrench is this wrench, and it ain't changing.
Are there different ones?
Are there different shapes?
Are there different sizes?
So if I married somebody that had never really gotten after it,
I would be pretty much in a panic once the later on years started to kind of
come into existence.
And at the peak or probably the start of reality television, Jessica Simpson. That's the
first name that comes to mind.
She waited for, what's his
name, from 98 to 3, apparently.
Nick Lachey.
And then, I thought that was like
the perfect couple.
And then what's his face? John
Mayer, the singer, he called her a sexual
dynamite, right? A sexual TNT
or something like that, something crazy.
She was a savage in the sack.
Whoa, John Mayer and Jessica Simpson had sex?
Yeah, and he said...
John Mayer's had sex with every single rocket out there, I think.
That guy's a man rocket.
I got a John Mayer story.
You ever go to a Mayer concert, honey?
Yeah, shit.
I actually dated a virgin.
Yeah, go ahead. Tell your John Mayer story. So I was dating a girl from honey? Oh, shit. I actually dated a virgin. Yeah, go ahead.
Tell your John Mayer story.
So I was dating a girl from Saginaw, Michigan, where I played junior.
And she went off to New York City to work after she was done college.
And we'd broken up at the time, but we kept in touch.
And she was out on Halloween with one of her friends.
And her friend, they were at a club
and her friend is right next to John Mayer
and she's like, wow.
She goes, you look just like him.
And he fucking was so rattled
and he ended up like pigeon tossing her and walking away.
And he was that butt hurt?
He was butt hurt over her comment.
It was just like a playful little comment
about the fact that he looked like
John Mayer on Halloween.
Like, wow, you killed the costume.
And he completely, pigeon-tosser, was not impressed.
Musicians and actors are the biggest nerds for the most part.
They were the biggest geeks growing up, and then they become rich and famous
because they're unreal at something and good looking, and they're still nerds.
What a geek.
I like John Mayer.
It kind of ruined it for me. unreal at something and good luck and they're still nerds what a geek like if that was me oh i mean i don't i don't know anything about him besides he's got some jams but that's just
the type of story like if that is true like i would laugh so hard at that and this guy's actually
like mad if you don't know it's him all he had to do was was was laugh and then he probably could
have went and crushed her in the bathroom. That guy's a savage. He probably still did.
Yeah, good point.
He's like, I'm not going to look at you while I do it.
That's your punishment.
That's your punishment.
Biz,
I also like to point about the
you know,
no guy wants to go and say, oh, it gets old fucking
chasing girls, but at a certain point, you do feel like you're in a National wants to go and say, oh, it gets old, fucking chasing girls, but like, at a certain
point, you know, you do feel like you're in a
National Geographic video, and you're that fucking
old lion in the corner, got a big
old mane, he's lost a step,
he's like, he's not gonna be the
alpha anymore, it's like, at a point, like, alright,
man, you gotta like, you know, there's a certain age
where, you know, if you're over 40
trying to hit on 25 real girls, I think this
gets a little pathetic at a certain point, too.
Or it can.
It has potential, too.
Yeah, I agree.
Boys, boys, I love
this talk. We'll get into more of this
at some point, but I don't have
a lot of time. I want to quickly bring up
NCAA tournament.
R.A., are you betting or do you not bet
like college basketball?
Not a big college basketball guy.
I just don't care for Art Mitch anymore.
I'm sort of on the wagon, too, with the gambling.
And last year, I actually did have a team to root for.
Dude, did you take a bad couple weeks?
Yeah.
Yeah, I had a  this time  and I should know better.
This time of year is tough.
A lot of upset.
A lot of teams playing, spoiling, all that shit.
But I needed a little breather anyways
because I got some futures out there. I don't want to get...
That's why you guys needed me on Spittin' Chicklets.
Get the ratings up so the check comes in so you can get
back at it, eh?
Yeah, so Wits,
I thought I'd be cheering for at least one
low seed, you know, the Bud Lightbusters
being in it last year and all, but
I didn't make the cut this year. I was in the Bud Lightbusters
and the basketball headquarters, so I got nobody to root for,
so I can't even possibly win a trip to Vegas.
Yeah, I didn't know you weren't in it, but honestly, I think it's that
I think it's  I just fucking said honestly again.
I always complain about that.
Why do I say that?
I think more people  they hired so many more people that are there full-time,
so I wouldn't be  I mean
I know. I know. They got more full-timetime people and i know i'm only a part-timer but you
know it's just like when you're in it one year and you get bumped out it's just kind of like oh
okay whatever and then they added fucking loudshun yesterday it's like but like it's you know they're
in new york i understand that it's a totally different dynamic with our podcast we you know
we're we're basically a satellite office so you know're out of sight, out of mind on some things.
No big deal.
I probably couldn't do a fucking weekend in Vegas with that crew anyways
at this stage of the game.
Yeah.
Without a lot of drugs.
You mentioned briefly it is so hard right now.
Gambling right now is crazy.
You're like, this team is going to win, and it's a playoff game.
And it's been the complete opposite.
The other night, I got warped over.
Tampa was playing Ottawa.
Ottawa had played the night before and beaten the Panthers,
who were on a roll and need wins.
Ottawa beats them.
I'm like, all right, back-to-back in Florida.
Now they got Tampa.
No chance.
They won 7-4.
I'm like, oh, my God.
So I got hammered on that game.
And then what was the other game
that was like a complete
mismatch? Oh! And then I, Dallas
goes into Montreal
and Montreal stinks. I was
down in Florida, like I said last week, and I
watched Florida smack Montreal
5-0. And I was like,
this Montreal team's terrible. Dallas needs to
win. They're in Montreal. They lose 4-2. I'm like,
oh my God. And at this time of the year,
Dallas in that game and Tampa in that game, minus
2-10. You're only taking
them like puck line because I don't want
to pay that juice. It's definitely
a time of the year where I'm waiting for playoffs
and then I'm just going to pick winners in series.
I'll probably go 6-8 in series
winners this year, I'm calling.
It's tough pickings this time of year.
Actually, I was going to ask you guys. Obviously,
you had good sides of your career, but you both
played on teams where you had to play out the string
this time of year where you know you're not going to make the playoffs.
Do you struggle with motivation?
Is it about maybe trying to get some numbers?
Are you saying, fuck this team. I don't want them to make
the playoffs. What's the mentality?
Does it depend on what team you're on or the culture
or what? I'm fortunate
every year I play in the NHL.
Well, I play with Pittsburgh half a year, so that one doesn't really count.
But the five times I was in Arizona, we made playoffs the first three years.
And the next two, we were still on the hunt with minimum, like,
10 games left.
The second year, maybe not.
But the other one, we came down a line and it really finished like 10 points out of playoffs.
So that would suck, playing meaningless games.
How does that feel?
Well, here's the thing I always notice.
Guys who have had bad years that are good players, they're too good
to be bad all year for the
most part and they always end up getting hot like you look at duchesne i mean he didn't have a good
year especially when he went to ottawa and then now he's on fire and part of it is that like
dude the games in a sense don't matter anymore i mean they do but they don't and you're playing
loose and you finally get some confidence back other teams are like gripping the stick because
the games are so important to them.
And you get call-ups, too, that are going balls to the wall.
I mean, if it's your first NHL game and the team's in dead last place
and there's six games to go, it's game 76 of 82.
It's your first NHL game.
Dude, that's the biggest game of your life.
So a lot of times that happens.
Or even if it's, you know, you're playing, you know, your first 10 games, the last 10 games of the year, those 10 games are the biggest games
you've ever played in. So guys are going hard on those teams. It's more than anything. It's like
for older guys and really established guys, high paid guys, they're like, please don't get hurt.
I remember in Edmonton, the year I got traded from Anaheim to Edmonton, our last game was in Anaheim.
I was
staying in Anaheim after to get all my stuff
that was still there, fly home. I had plans.
I was like, if I ever
tear my ACL this game, I'm going to
fucking kill myself. This would be
the worst possible scenario.
You can't think of that like playing a game.
The actual thought that was going through my mind
before the game just shows
like how mentally  how much of a mental midget I was
because that can't be like thought about.
But definitely there's a part of guys who are like, I got to get through
I just want to get out of this season unscathed at this point.
Yeah, I guess it's just a caution to gamblers out there.
This time of year, if you are betting hockey, just be wary
because, you know, what looks like an obvious matchup, you know, like witt said you got call-ups got you got guys playing for flat
out pride maybe jobs next year i would say maybe take the last couple weeks off unless you see
like a real that team you really like and wait for the playoffs to get here hey biz and ra what
do you guys think of this move i forgot to bring this up earlier um matheson on florida's girlfriend
uh emily like falls falls her I can't
say I don't know how to say her name correctly um but I don't know how to pronounce her last name
sorry and she dropped the puck at the Panthers game like so her boyfriend's on the Panthers
Matheson and then after like they were like kissing at center ice biz like they kissed
like I was like oh like I was like that's kind of a tough move, kissing your girlfriend at the red line of an NHL game.
What's the alternative?
I mean, I probably wouldn't do it.
I mean, I don't know.
No, I mean,
this is a gold medalist. I mean, it's pretty cool,
but I was still like, oh, man, I probably just
would have skated to the bench.
Yeah, well, it's funny. I mean, it's pretty cool, but I was still like, oh, man, I probably just would have skated to the bench. Yeah, well, it's funny.
I saw some of the players
giving hugs to a couple of the lady gold
medal winners during a couple of the face-off
drops. I'm sure a lot of them know each
other. They weren't dating.
Right. I mean, was it
like a full-on tongue-down-the-throat makeover?
No, no, no, no. Just a little
kiss. It's just like, I don't know about that.
I'm getting my game face on.
You're damned if you do.
You're damned if you don't.
Hey, they're doing in vitro at Center Ice.
No, it's either skate to the bench or go over and just give her a credit card,
swipe up her hoop, just like, over and just, just give her the credit card, swipe up or hoop.
Just like, Hey, what's up, honey?
Yeah.
He's damned.
If he does, damn that he doesn't, you're going to either get tripped by your teammates or
tripped by a, uh, by a, your lady.
And it's like, like I said earlier, you know, pick your poison, you know, which you'll do.
I'm taking the lady.
Oh yeah.
Let me, let my wife chirp me.
If the boys aren't chirping, I chirping me, I'm living easy.
I can get away with it at home.
Hey, did you see Andrew Shaw knock himself out the other night
throwing that hit on Greg Pattern?
I did.
I did see that.
That was scary because Shaw looked pretty much knocked out cold,
at least completely out of it.
He's had a bunch of concussions.
Pattern's comment after, I think, was something to the extent of,
well, now you see why that guy has four or five concussions.
So if you're going to try to run somebody with their head down,
which is what Shaw did, and they just happened to collide head to head,
he was trying to kill them.
So if a guy kills himself trying to hit you,
I could totally see saying, fuck you, dude,
that you're going to try to hit me.
I'm glad that happened to you.
I would feel the exact same.
If someone tried to kill me with my head down and knocked himself out,
maybe that sounds bad, but I would say, fuck you, suck on that.
Was there a public backlash about the post-game comment?
No, not really.
There wasn't  it actually wasn't.
That wouldn't be fair to say at all.
I just saw the comments and thought that some people would probably be like,
oh, my God, the guy's injured.
You don't have like  and I think he actually did say, like,
I don't want the guy to be injured, something like that.
But he also was like, listen, I mean, at least I would have been, listen,
this guy just tried to bury me.
You know, I don't really want the guy to hurt him, but I hope he's dead.
Yeah, the only...
Do you guys ever give me, like, hate mail or hate comments?
Because, like, you guys are a little aggressive sometimes.
I mean, I'm aggressive.
No, I've never...
Ari, have you ever gotten any?
Maybe one or two tweets at me.
I know they've caught us up on the Reddit thread,
on the Boston Reddit thread, but that's what Reddit does.
They kind of crucify everybody.
But not the person.
What do you mean?
What do they say?
Yeah, what's this Reddit?
You never heard of Reddit, Biz?
I mean, yeah.
Like, tell me what it's about, though.
I don't go on it.
Oh, you know, it's Reddit. Reddit, there's obviously any topic you I don't go on it Reddit there's obviously
any topic you can think about on the planet
there's a Reddit forum for and there's a one for the
Bastl and a lot of it's you know
just run of the mill commentary
some of it's harsh some of it's just shitting on people but
you know I mean everyone on Bastl checks it out
because I mean it's people talking
about your work and your company it's kind of
hard not to but every once in a while
they'll open up a chicklets thread.
And, yeah, I mean, they love you, Wits, but sometimes I get a little criticized.
And that's fine.
I'm open to always trying to be better at this.
Oh, no, no.
I think Biz  I thought Biz meant for, like, talking about crude stuff, right?
Or were you talking about just the show?
Well, anything. I just meant like getting backlash for maybe sensitive subjects.
Yeah, that's what I thought he meant.
Not like our performances.
Okay, no.
No, we haven't.
Yeah, I've never.
All right, dude, you're good.
Don't worry, buddy.
No, no, no. I think that a lot of people may not listen because of that.
I know I got one guy.
He's always telling me, why do you guys swear so much?
And I'm like, actually, that's kind of a valid point, but I'm just talking how I talk.
So maybe I do swear a little bit too much.
That's how we fucking talk.
But I actually, yeah, I don't know.
Sometimes I actually think I do more on this because I'll get like excited talking.
I don't know.
That's a topic for a different day.
But maybe like there's people who don't listen.
But I mean, dude, if you're listening, you're a fan of the type of stuff we talk about anyway.
So I've actually never gotten any complaints about like, oh, you guys, what do you guys, you guys, you guys sounded ridiculous.
You guys sound like scumbags or sexist or something like that.
So I guess that's a win.
Yeah.
I mean, people get mad.
People get mad.
People get mad about everything.
That was kind of a lame topic.
I shouldn't have brought it up.
No, no, no, not really,
because it actually leads into all the people who were upset at Francis
from Barstool's skit.
And I don't know if you know who that is.
Oh, shit, yes.
Did you watch the skit? I didn't know about you know who that is did you watch the skit
okay
I'm interested do you know who it is
it was fine up until the
cancer bump
I don't get offended by that
I just
the cancer
thing is a little touchy
yeah no okay so I understand
that cancer that's definitely a touchy. Yeah, no, okay. So I understand that, like, cancer, that's definitely a touchy
subject. My whole point
was, and kind of his point, I read
his write-up of people
saying that people are outraged
at me, is that you don't
have to watch. Like, I
just, I don't get when it's comedy,
stuff gets brought up, and if it offends you,
like, I understand, but you don't have to watch
it, and you don't have to, like, you don't have to like think it's funny.
I mean, sense of humor is different for every single person,
but to actually get upset and that mad over what was obviously a joke.
And I know it's a sensitive subject to people, but like, I mean,
Dave Chappelle did a, did a skit with, with, with, um,
I think it was kids who make a wish. Like it's comedy thing.
Things are, you cannot get offended so easily.
And at this age, it's like every single thing.
That's why you asked that question.
It comes full circle.
Like, do we get shit?
I'm sure some people say, oh, we're like scumbags or anything,
because every single thing out there pisses off people now.
It's insane.
Oh, yeah, it's tough to keep people happy.
That's why I get a little skeptical.
And maybe, I don't know how the house and no return story is going to go if I come back on the pod yeah we'll we'll we'll talk about it I think it would be a hit I mean I do say I I
actually I actually have said to myself before like I really like doing this podcast I love it
you know I get to just talk about what I want to talk about. I wonder at some point if like, it'll be like, oh, this guy's hot. Like this, this, you can't
be listening to this type of stuff. This guy's talking about the most outlandish, like rude
things. It's like, you never know at one point when you're going to offend like way too many
people. Like there's just the next episode we have, I feel like I could say something nowadays
where like, I ended up not being able to do the podcast anymore. It's like like always in the back of my mind which kind of sucks because if you just have your own
personal podcast and granted you know we're with barstool and stuff but you you somewhat still even
now like on you're talking naturally about whatever you want to talk about have to be like reserved
and to me it's just it's frustrating it's almost annoying I'm just like oh man I hope today I don't
say anything bad and I'm constantly worried about it.
Yeah, it's a fine line we have to walk here, Wits.
I mean, you know, we want to be natural and pure and funny and all that shit.
But, you know, in private conversations, yes, not sometimes.
A lot of times you're going to say stuff you wouldn't say in a public forum.
And I'm not talking necessarily racist or sexist, just general fucking talk that, you you know stuff you might not say i mean even like you know the video uh a couple weeks ago um that we tweeted out and then then decided not to use because we
probably would have had animal rights people yelling at us like something like that and
not that we gave into anybody because nobody really complained we just decided like all right
if nothing good could come out of using this video right yeah it was you know an animal really wasn't
hot then it'll get a bruise on its ass but people don't give a fucking 2018 that you know, an animal wasn't hot. The animal got a bruise on its ass. But people don't give a fuck in 2018 that, you know, they're going to take the animal side.
And as far as the Francis's video, you know, this you're right.
You are voluntarily consuming free comedy.
You didn't pay for anything.
You know, you watch it.
You don't know.
And if you watch it, don't like it.
You should give your opinion.
But what I like, it's it's a meritocracy.
It's like, you know, more people are going to think it's funny for francis so it's going to get you
know more play and i think if it becomes controversial somehow that'll even make it
more popular yeah and like i think of you like dude your first biz nasty the original twitter
of biz nasty are those tweets still out there that might have been the funniest most honest
assessment of your life and the nhl and you you had to go to 2.0 are those tweets still out there. That might have been the funniest, most honest assessment of your life
in the NHL, and you had to go to 2.0.
Are those tweets still anywhere that we could read them?
No, they're gone, buddy.
Wow.
Wow.
And, you know, and also I get older.
I don't want to be on Twitter arguing with people all day, every day.
That's what I will not do.
I'm not going to argue with people on Twitter.
That probably sounds like the worst thing I could ever do during the day.
People probably have been like, oh, you know, why don't you tweet like you used to?
But, man, like if somebody disagrees with me, I'm like, all right, man, just fuck off.
I don't care.
Yeah, I used to tweet more.
I enjoy reading Twitter more than tweeting now because it's just like the replies you get, you're like, what the fuck? Like, what are you talking about right now? It just makes absolutely no sense to me. And like you said, R.A., you know, if it makes more people warriors that go nuts online, it's like the vocal minority.
I still think the loudest people is the smallest group.
And so it just gets annoying, though, when it does get in the way
of what you think could be.
There is funny stuff, and then you just got to,
Francis has to come out with like, not an apology,
but more like an explanation.
Comedy is so hard now.
Yeah.
Just like flirt with that line
and not piss anyone off, but whatever.
Hey boys, before we
finish up here, I just want to let
you know about Black Tux.
I know I haven't been to too many weddings
or fancy pants events lately, but you guys
are former players. I'm sure you guys have to still get
gussied up every once in a while, so you should be checking
out the Black Tux. Everyone
wants to look as great as their date, and of course the women always look better than us but you still
want to look good trouble is there's no way you want to spend that kind of money or put the time
in that she did get in her dress you just want to go online and get something the black tux.com
is your answer with high quality rental suits and tux heaters delivered right to your doorstep
it's so easy black tux lets you create your look choose from tons of stylist selected outfits. You know,
some suits are going for 1200 bucks. Crazy to pay that. Black Tux, you start off at like 95 bucks.
You can't beat it. And the expert customer care always has your back every step of the way. It's
completely done online. With the Black Tux free home try on, you can see the fit and feel the
quality of your suit months before your event. After ordering, your suit will arrive 14 days
before your event. If anything is less than perfect guys the black text will send you a free replacement
right away that's a that is a big deal as we say on this show when your events all you just drop
your rental back in the mail shipping is free both ways so guys if you know biz if you're out
in vegas you know on a heater or which are down you know florida golfing following your boy tiger
whatever just drop in the middle
you don't have to be in the same spot so to get 20 20 i'm sorry to get 20 off your purchase visit
the black tux.com slash chiclets c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s that's the black tux.com slash chiclets for 20
off your purchase the black tux premium rental suits and tuxedos delivered um well that was a
i love when we three get together so boys i'm actually delivered um well that was a i love when we when we three
get together so boys i'm actually about to hang up right now i love you guys peace out I am the sun and the air
All the shyness that is criminal in Baltimore
I am the sun and the air
But nothing really in particular
