Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Quip.
When it comes to your health, brushing your teeth is one of the most important parts of your day.
Quip knows that. They've combined dentistry and design to make a better electric toothbrush.
I got a Quip a few months back and I can't get enough of it, man. I mean, we've all
had the same old toothbrushes. The bristles fall
apart. They start to make your gums bleed a little bit.
That doesn't happen with Quip.
It's the new electric toothbrush that packs just the
right amount of vibrations into
a slimmer design at a fraction of the cost
of the bulkier traditional electric brushes.
Guiding pulses alert.
You went to switch sides, making brushing the right
amount of effortless
Quip also comes with a mount that sections right to your mirror
And unsticks to use as a cover for hygienic travel anywhere
Whether it's going in your gym bag or carry-on
I got mine right in my shower
Works perfect
Brush my teeth right in the shower
Bungo, bango
Because the thing that cleans your mouth should also be clean
Quip subscription plan refreshes your brush
On a dentist recommended schedule,
delivering new brush heads every three months for just 5.
That's a fin.
That's a price of a Sunday Globe for crying out loud.
It includes free shipping worldwide too.
Quip is backed by a network of over 10,000 dental professionals,
including dentists, hygienists, and dental students.
Most toothbrushes don't get named one of Time Magazine's best inventions of the year,
but Quip did, and I'm glad I'm a user.
Find out for yourself why.
Quip starts at just 25, and if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets,
that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, go there right now.
You'll get your first refill pack free with the Quip electric toothbrush.
That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com
slash chicklets spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash chicklets C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode Gino Malkin of Spit Chickas, brought to you by Basto Sports.
What up boys!
I'm in a Walgreens parking lot in Delray, Florida right now because the house I'm in has shit service. But I'm here for the boys.
Also, I believe Konstantin Koltsov wore number 71 for the Pittsburgh Penguins.
I was a teammate of his, the Belarusian machine.
So that's another 71.
You know, we're looking at Pittsburgh.
Yeah, there's a few of them over the years, but, you know, Gino is the obvious one.
Say hi.
Gino is a legend.
Say hello, producer Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, boys?
Hello, Mikey.
Hello.
Obviously, the major thing going on in the NHL right now, playoff races.
We got a couple of nice ones going down the stretch in the east.
The Florida Panthers, they've been hot as hell basically since the calendar flipped to 2018.
They're basically a two-horse race for the final wildcard spot.
You got Jersey with 82 points as of Thursday.
Florida with 81.
Florida a point back with two games in hand.
Philly has 86 points kind of tucked away.
What do you think?
I mean, we got friends in the program on both teams,
so we're kind of pulling for both.
How do you see that playing out, though?
Yeah, unfortunately, I think I'm probably going to end up being wrong.
And my call at
the beginning of the year I don't know if I did it here NHL Network I said Jersey was going to get
in but now like Florida is just charging they're playing so well so being down in Florida I
absolutely hammered them in Montreal in Ottawa back-to-backs so that was easy money for the
Whitdog the Panthers have just looked so good they actually
lost two games at home to ottawa and edmonton that i kind of might have thought oh man this
may screw them over but they rebounded nicely and and being one point back with two games in hand
it just seems like the way they're playing um i kind of have to pick them i want i mean i'd be
happy with both teams to get in i think it'd be pretty cool getting Jersey back in But either way, you're getting a new team back into the playoffs
I mean, in the West
In the West, it's just kind of
St. Louis is proving people
Especially me, to be complete fools
When Staffney got traded
I said, oh, there goes their season
And they've just kind of rebounded
Even with the machine
What's his name? I can't even think of it right now
I'm like blacked out The Russian tank, Tarasenko, he's injured. He's injured. So they're battling
Braden Shen with the hit on Krejci. We'll get into that a little bit later last night.
But St. Louis is buzzing. So it's an exciting time. Dallas and Calgary are still kind of in it,
but Calgary is pretty much screwed. And Dallas, surprisingly, is just not done what I thought they would this year.
So it's the best time of the year.
It also seems that at one point we thought we'd have about four or five teams
battling for the last spot in each, and it seems now it's just kind of one or two.
But still, it's exciting.
Definitely is.
Quick note, I forgot to mention, we're going to be bringing our buddy YP,
Young Page, who's on to discuss his hockey career and his Blues fandom
as well as Connor Sherry of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins.
So we've got a couple of guests coming on later.
But, yeah, going back to the playoffs, at least we've got a couple of races.
I mean, some years it's wrapped up with the week or so left.
Yeah, Calgary, I was hoping they made a rush.
They lost Mike Smith late.
That really handicapped them.
Dallas is hanging on by a thread.
I mean, it's got to be frustrating for them.
They went out and actually got a goaltender, their biggest problem, Ben Bishop.
And, you know, he didn't have an outstanding year.
And, you know, it doesn't look like they're going to make the playoffs.
St. Louis, I don't know, Wednesday night game, lost them.
And they didn't come out like a team that're going to make the playoffs. St. Louis, I don't know, Wednesday night game in Boston, man.
They didn't come out like a team that needs to get into the playoffs.
I think they had five shots in the first period.
But Jake Allen hung in there, you know, kept them in the game,
and then they ended up pulling it in overtime.
So, you know, that's a three-horse race out west.
I don't know, man.
I mean, Colorado, they got 88 points. But, you know, you lose two games in a row, and the other team's 90 wins,
so anything can happen.
And it would be such a Philly thing to happen,
because Philly, going back to the East, they get 86 points.
It would be such a Philly thing for them to lose out
and let both Florida and New Jersey pass them.
That would be hilarious.
I would love that. I would love that.
But their team actually is pretty fun to watch,
so Philly in the playoffs always makes it a little exciting.
I mean, obviously things things
can change completely but if you look at it right now they'd end up playing i believe washington in
the first no they'd play they'd play tampa in the first no who they play i'm an idiot they'd play
washington right yeah washington in the first round so i mean it's it's so undecided in terms
of like the, you know,
those teams, Columbus, Pittsburgh, and Washington,
they could all still win that division.
So you can't really pick who would play who yet.
But just having Philly in the playoffs kind of creates a little fun,
I believe.
So as much as I'd like to see them lose and not get in,
it's still great having the Flyers as part of the whole mix
come springtime, come mid-April, master season.
Speaking of master season, the plus-minus, the green jacket,
Call Me's Favorite Award, is coming right down to the stretch,
right down the stretch.
So that'll be interesting to see who ends up taking the league-wide race
for the green jacket in the plus-minus department.
Yeah, it's always hilarious when Call Me does that at the end of the year,
racing the green jacket on plus-minus.
I don't know if you've taken a look at the end of the year, racing a green jacket on plus minus.
I don't know if you've taken a look at the cup odds at all, Wits.
I looked this morning at Tampa Bay's.
Well, on one side, still the chalk at plus 350, but Boston, Nashville, Pittsburgh, all 4-1.
Vegas, plus 550.
Then you got Winnipeg 9-1, Washington 10-1, then the rest of the field.
So, I mean, there's no real value out of any of those teams.
I mean, have you thrown any additional Stanley Cup bets in the last,
I don't know, last couple of months,
or did you just stick with what you put in at the beginning of the year?
I've just stuck with the Nashville-Anaheim futures,
and I'm kind of rattled because Anaheim's even higher than they were when I made the bet.
I think I got them at, like, 17 to 1, and I loved it.
It was something around that.
And now it's like 25.
God, I should have just waited.
I still like them just as much.
But, I mean, I just don't  what's really fun about this year is there
really like isn't a favorite.
I mean, you could say Tampa, but they haven't been that good.
I mean, the last like 20 games, it's not  I mean, they've had runs
when they've been good, but overall, on a whole, the last 20, 30 games,
I mean, Vasilevsky's really kind of slowed down.
So they've got to figure out  he's saying he's tired.
We talked about that.
But the cup is wide open this year.
And the scary thing is you start thinking about how wide open it is,
and then my brain just has to immediately go to Pittsburgh.
And then our boy, we can talk to Connor Sherry about it.
But, I mean, they've won two in a row.
They're buzzing.
Malkin's insane right now.
They're all looking unreal.
Crosby's goal against Montreal was a sick joke.
And so it's like, all right, well,
if you're going to have all these teams that are pretty wide open,
why wouldn't you pick the team that's done it twice in the past two years?
So it's going to be fun. But it's definitely so wide open that there really isn't
much value out there besides when you're talking anaheim and i mean what other what other value
picks could there be i mean minnesota's probably at great odds but i would never lay a dollar on
them to win the cup yeah they just until they actually get to like a cup or even back to a
conference finals they just kind of like have that have that reputation as just a plain-gain team
that does nothing.
Yeah, get in the playoffs, get in the playoffs, maybe win a round,
maybe even win two.
But, you know, in the end, you kind of know they don't have the goal scoring
to end up getting the cup.
But still, shout-out to Eric Stahl this year, who I can openly admit
thought he was reaching kind of the end of his
career. I mean, he's 33 years old, I believe now. His numbers had slowed down, and I was told he
changed, started skating earlier this summer. I mean, to come back and have the season he's had,
when a lot of people thought I think he was ending his time as a dominant player in the NHL,
especially after his run in New York when he struggled a little bit, That's just been impressive as hell to see him kind of dominate all year
on the goal-scoring front.
And to not have the foot speed he once had and still be able to get it done
is impressive as hell.
Yeah, it's been a nice little resurgence.
Let's say the comeback player of the year.
I know they have the Master of the Trophy.
That's more for perseverance.
But the NHL, they don't have a comeback player of the year like the NBA.
No, I don't think they do
actually. They should. You know what
else the league should do? I don't know if we've talked about this
before, but maybe they can look into
changing this whole thing,
throwing it in the fucking washing machine,
shaking it around, and giving teams
three points for a regulation win.
Can we maybe start doing that?
I mean, I don't know.
I think it would be interesting.
All of a sudden that means that much more to win a game before overtime
and get the three points.
And obviously the numbers of teams and how many points they would get,
the records and all that would be thrown out the window.
But records are made to be broken anyway.
So I would actually like to see if at some point we can get three points
for a regulation win and see how that unfolds and changes the playoffs.
Yeah, it doesn't look like it's going to happen anytime soon, though,
because the GMs just had their annual meeting down in Florida.
They took a look at the goaltender interferences, which has been a real pain in the ass for every team this year.
But it doesn't seem like they're making any sort of movements this year.
I know they like to bring stuff up and talk about it before they actually make a move.
Yeah.
Yeah, it doesn't look like anything's going to happen anytime soon.
And don't back to your Anaheim point, Wits.
I did jump on them way back when, when you did say they were a good pick.
And I got 20-1 on them.
And they were 28-1 last week.
And they're actually at 28.
28?
They were 28-1, I saw, yeah.
Oh, my God.
I think actually, I think I am at like 14 or 15 now that I'm thinking about it.
What a mutt I am.
But they're 22 right now.
And actually, we were just talking about value.
Colorado, I don't know if they have a great chance to win the Cup,
but 30-1 is a pretty nice price to get on a team that looks like they're
playoff bound right now.
Yeah, I don't know. For me, it's like
I wouldn't... I feel like we're different
in the sense that you're like, well, it's crazy odds
and they're getting in the playoffs, but to me, I'm
just like, they will not win the Cup, so I don't
even want to spend the money. But, you know,
obviously, you end up getting some team that goes on a
run, and you never know. It could pay you
huge. Nashville still,
like, I mean, they're just such a wagon.
And they signed that Tolvanen.
Didn't they sign him, Grinnelli? Did I read that right?
Yeah, they did. We're supposed to play a piece.
So this guy, for anyone who doesn't know,
absolute machine, first-round
pick of the Predators, lit up
the KHL this year for
Yokoret in Helsinki. What a city,
by the way. God. If you could
speak English and you're in Helsinki,
you will never, ever see women like you the way. God, if you could speak English and you're in Helsinki, you will never ever see women like you the way they do.
If you can just talk English,
maybe even in a little accent,
it's insane.
One of the best cities in the world.
So Tolvanen is going from Helsinki to Nashville,
another absolute wagon city for rockets.
So good for him and good for Nashville because they're going to add this guy
and they're going to figure out that not only do they have depth up front and on the back end they have guys that
they're bringing and they didn't even expect to have all year so they're they're still kind of
my cup pick I know I'm saying Pittsburgh but Nashville uh to get out of the west again would
be no surprise I mean it's just it's interesting to see like how how these teams are adding people
late and Ryan Donato is very similar in that he's coming from Harvard.
He's got two goals,
two games.
And,
you know,
after we interview YP and Sherry,
we can kind of go into more.
The fact that he's class is insane to me.
We can talk about that later,
but guys,
you know,
you get guys and you're adding to teams and it's like making a trade.
I mean,
Donato's a guy that looks like he's going to make a huge difference,
and I think this Tolvanen will be the same way for Nashville.
Yeah, we'll get to that a little bit later,
but now we're going to bring in our boy YP Young Page,
who I'm not even sure what his government name is.
But anyways, let's go to YP.
Hey, before we bring on our buddy Young Page, who's Mikey and Wes,
I just want to talk to you for a sec about my bookie.
If you already busted your bracket, which I'm sure
a lot of people did, given some of those upsets.
There's still a way for you to cash in, guys.
MyBookie.ag. It's not
too late. Doesn't matter if you've been playing
for years or if you just like a team because of their
colors. Who cares? You can still
make a pick, make some dough,
lay down some cake on any college hoop game,
and you get a nice, quick, fast payout from MyBookie.
Join me and thousands of other guys starting at MyBookie.ag.
Brunelli, I know you're struggling, you say, a little lately,
so hit up the site and make some dough right now.
Are you sick and tired of getting the runaround from your guys,
your local guy, your shop, your win some money,
he's giving you a song and dance?
That doesn't happen with MyBookie.ag.
Quick, fast payouts right away no bs
i wouldn't recommend it if i didn't use it myself that's why i'm telling you to go to my bookie dot
ag wits i know you already use it but we got to emphasize it you win they pay no hassles you're
wasting your time going anywhere else grinnelly and they even got the live in-game stuff your
team's down going into the last quarter last last half, last period. Want a little cake
on them? Boom. Throw it down. Bingo.
All right. So join now and MyBookie
will match your first deposit with a 50
bonus. Use the promo code
SPIT to activate the offer.
That's S-P-I-T. Visit
MyBookie.ag today.
Play, win, and get paid.
And now we're pleased to bring in young page views real name ben friedman
st louis missouri product the man who got the bar stool by pretty much making one of the most
original videos i've ever seen being the second page views the young page views what's going on
buddy how you doing what's going on boys it's a huge doing? What's going on, boys? It's a huge honor. I got to be honest.
Before I start talking shit to Whit, I got to be honest.
It's a huge honor.
Well, listen, buddy.
I'm actually going through your elite prospects page,
so I don't know how much shit you're going to be talking to me
because I'm looking at your Lawrence University staff.
Six games played, one goal the following year, four games, one goal.
Can we talk about those seasons and the struggle to find the score sheet
and maybe the roster?
Oh, snap.
I mean, yeah, listen, there's not a lot to brag about there.
I will say elite prospects, I know everybody hits them up
trying to get their stats up.
I got to get my high school stats on there.
We don't have a lot to brag about, but, I mean,
I hit triple digits my senior year, and, like, we need to weigh that.
You know, like, it's like a scale we need some some shitty high st louis high school stats versus
guys that like can't skate we need to put that on to pad those stats but yeah the lawrence stats
they're not great with i mean what what more can i say i came in as an 18 year old freshman
probably about 158 pounds versus some monsters like a lot of guys, a lot of guys that are,
you know,
24,
25 years old.
And I mean,
listen,
no excuses.
Just like Dave says,
no excuses,
but yeah,
they're not great.
Second year,
did get a back in cushion was out for some time.
I'd like to think maybe could have picked up one more assist,
you know,
double that total,
but I don't know,
man,
it's not great.
All right. Well, listen, I actually want to ask you. So after that total. But I don't know, man. It's not great.
All right.
Well, listen, I actually want to ask you, so after that, it's GLHL,
Fox City Ice Dogs.
You had some big numbers there.
What is that?
So I'm actually going up tonight up to Calumet, Michigan,
to the Calumet Coliseum, the oldest indoor rink in North America. I guess that's still functioning is what they say.
But, I mean, this league is ridiculous.
It's pretty much all dudes that played like D1, D3 juniors and like some Wisconsin high
school guys.
And I mean, I know it, no one's going to say it's good hockey, but it's incredibly fun.
It's full fighting, full hitting, 20 minute periods, like intermission.
Yeah.
I mean, it's so much,
it's basically like the NHL for like bad players. There's like fans and everything.
You go to some of these barns, like Eagle river, all these places, like small towns in Wisconsin.
And like, they, I mean, they know it's not that good, but the fans, it's the biggest attraction
in town. It's like being in a junior team in like Topeka or something so it's a blast man it's like
so after I stopped playing at Lawrence I went to that team and I was like kind of not done with
hockey but I mean as you read the stats with it wasn't very encouraging two years it's not fun
because like I went to a small high school in St. Louis and obviously St. Louis hockey is getting
a lot better but high school hockey is still pretty bad, you know, comparably to other states.
So, like, I used to rip it up versus these guys, and I thought I was pretty good.
You know, not a big deal, but, I mean, 65 goals in about, like, 18, 19 games,
you'd think that you're a good hockey player.
Then you go, listen, I didn't want to say it.
I really try not to bring that up, but, I mean, it's not a huge deal.
But, yeah, that did happen.
And, I mean, then you go and all of a sudden you're not even making the lineup,
the fifth line.
I think a few times we had, I think, 18 forwards my sophomore year.
I definitely appeared on the sixth line a few times,
which I don't know how many people can say that.
Or like sixth line and you got a slash,
like you're rotating with a guy on six line that
was great too so that was tough and I mean honestly this league it's it's kind of a joke
but it's made me love hockey again for someone that loves the game like you know you play from
when you're two years old whatever until now you can't really just drop it it's like a part of you
so going back into that like I'm going up this weekend meet up with a
bunch of my buddies i played in college with it's like we might as well be in the nhl we might as
well be anywhere because there's a bunch of dudes playing hockey anywhere yeah i can't get enough
man now yp you just want a trip to the atlantis and the bahamas with the be a league with rigsy
correct yeah that that's a whole different. We got some absolute idiots on that team.
The guy that runs it is a complete, I mean, one of the wildest people I've ever met.
He's like on MTV and shit.
And I guess he's loaded or something.
So he told us last year, I think this was like right when I first got here,
he's like, boys, he's from, I think, Perth or something, Ontario.
He's just a complete meathead.
He's like, boys, I swear to God,
if we win this league, I'm taking the whole team
to Atlantis. We're getting a fucking room block.
I'm paying for everyone.
We're getting strippers. We'll go spring break.
There's going to be titties everywhere. And we're like,
alright, man. No one believed him, but
we started saying it the whole season.
And we lost that year.
So then when we got back to the new season
last fall, we're like,
boys, this is the road to Atlantis.
This is the first step on the road, all this stuff.
And we were just hyping it up the whole season.
And next thing you know, we get to the playoffs.
All of a sudden we win a couple rounds.
We're in the finals.
We're like, dude, I hope you weren't kidding because we're actually going to
hold you to it.
And then, like, sure enough, we started tweeting about it to kind of, like,
guilt them into not being able to get out of it. And we won. And now I guess we're actually
going in May. So it's, it's one of the weirdest things, but I mean, what are you going to do
when a guy says that I'm not going to let them get away with it. Like we're going to,
if you can plan it, if you can win a trip to Atlantis through men's league hockey, dude,
that is actually an all-time story.
I'm sure you guys will be getting after it down there.
I actually wanted to ask you, too.
I know you're a big NHL fan.
I see you tweeting about it.
Love that.
Who is your favorite player?
I know you're a Blues guy, but give me your favorite player.
Give me your cup pick and give me what you think is kind of the current state
of the league in YP's view.
I mean, as far as the Blues, it's definitely like fool's gold
in the sense that I'm not going to get excited about anything until,
I mean, obviously it looks like they probably won't even make the playoffs,
or if they do, they might just get smoked by Nashville in the first round.
But I don't know, man.
My dad has season tickets to the Blues.
He's a huge fan. I mean, kind of hating them, but, you know, it's like dad has season tickets to the Blues. He's a huge fan.
I mean, kind of hating them, but, you know, it's like a begrudging fan right now.
But they just, they're the ultimate tease.
Like, when I lived in St. Louis, there was years they had, like, what, 109 points or whatever.
Like, just were the best team in the league, and then they just crap out.
So, as far as the Blues go, I'm kind of dead inside.
Until it gets close, like, the year they went to the Western Conference Finals, I kind of got my heart ripped out when they lost as the blues go i'm kind of dead inside until it gets close like that the
year they went to the western conference finals i kind of got my heart ripped out when they lost
to the sharks about two years ago and then uh because my my one of my best friend's dads was
the assistant coach so or what's it called uh not assistant you know i'm associate sorry no You know, associate coach. Sorry. No, associate coach, I guess. Brad Shaw.
Oh, you know Shaw's son?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
He was my lineman for four years before he became all of a sudden really good
playing for Vermont and the AHL and shit.
But, yeah, he's  that's one of my oldest friends.
So we would be tied into the team like you've never seen.
Like every game we'd go sit in like the wives lounge.
Every single, I'm talking like school nights, weekends, every single night.
So I was like living and dying.
And then when they got to that year, everything seemed to be coming together.
Like you had the young guys, like Teresango was becoming an absolute monster,
like, you know, officially.
Everyone was taking note.
Backus, who I used to give shit all the time like
as far as all hack is like he's not good all of a sudden he's just scoring ot goals leading the team
as you guys know with the bruins now he's he's a guy that when it's working he's just about the
best teammate you could ever have as far as like fighting getting big goals everything so that team
was like magic we thought and i not a big deal i don't want to
make a big deal but that game seven versus the hawks one of the sickest games i've ever been to
they actually won if you don't remember correctly and afterwards not a big deal once again you can
cut this part out but i was down in the locker room afterwards with back it's all them having
a huge ripper especially even after that the whole night and And I was like, they're winning the cup.
This is it.
Like, it was a storybook thing where it's like, how are they going to beat the Hawks?
They did it.
Seven games, epic.
And then everyone, the mojo around that team was crazy.
And then for them, they just kind of petered out.
It's like, they're done.
So until, I don't know, I don't know, man.
There's nothing that I could see from them.
Like, Barbashev is good.
Like, Shen is a stud, even though I know R.A. is probably mad at him right now
for the hit that I thought was kind of similar to Bacchus' hit on Trochek.
I don't want to piss you off, R.A., but I'm sorry.
That's the facts when you look at the video.
I agree.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
Well, listen, by the way, by the way, hold on.
YP, briefly going back to Bradshaw's son, you say all of a sudden he got good.
Don't you?
Have you ever thought maybe when he got you off his line,
that's what helped him become really good?
Dude, first of all, Brady, this dude is going to get so hyped off this.
First of all, he grew like six inches.
He used to be smaller than me.
I'd beat the shit out of him, and he knows that.
Mini sticks, I don't think I ever lost to him, beat him like 300-0. inches he used to be smaller than me i beat the shit out of him and he knows that shit many sticks
i don't think i ever lost him beat him like 300 to zero the dude's a chump and then all of a sudden
i think it was after his senior year he stayed around to play triple a and it was like who knows
what's going to happen it wasn't like we were scouted from like any amount of time he was just
like we were playing double a i'm pretty sure, like my freshman year or something.
And then he grew about four or five inches and went up to Penticton.
The Vs, obviously, I think it was the year before they won, like, what, 50 in a row or something like that?
Yeah.
That team was stacked with, what was it, Riley, like Lucia, I forgot who was on it, but like six players.
And got cut within like a week
or two of being there. Like during the season, he was like in shambles, like, what am I going to do?
All this stuff. And then got picked up by Coquitlam and absolutely lit it up. Like, I don't know his
stats and I'm not going to gas him up. The Express. Yeah, the Express. Formerly the Burnaby.
No, I'm not. He's not good. He's trash, actually. That's the thing.
So yeah, he got really good
all of a sudden, and I'm sitting there
having the illustrious seasons
that you pointed out earlier in the podcast
where I lit it up with, I think,
one goal. Was it one or twenty goals?
I don't remember, but it might have been one goal.
And he's up there having like ninety
goals, and then he went to Surrey. They won the RBC
Cup. I'm like, God damn 90 goals. And then he went to Surrey. They won the RBC Cup.
I'm like, God damn this motherfucker.
So then he committed to Vermont.
Now he's in the A.
Whatever.
Too much gas for him.
But, yeah, that was my alignment for four years.
And listen, I mean, wait.
This kid had never got more backdoor passes through people's legs,
through people's sticks.
I'm just putting him on a platter, and all of a sudden, everyone's acting like he's good.
I mean, I built him, so I don't know what to say about that.
All right, well, listen, buddy, we had a blast with you on here,
and we're going to have to have you back on for some more chatter.
We do actually, we're bringing in an undersized forward,
somebody who's self-taught to stud in the NHL, so we're gassing you quick.
But I want to let all the listeners know, YP, you got to Barstool through hard work
and kind of nonstop attitude of getting there.
And Stool Scenes, which he's created every week, sometimes twice a week, wraps up the
entire happenings around Barstool, Barstool Radio, everything going on.
And I have to tell you, as much as I chirp you, that is one of my favorite things.
If you miss Barstool during the week, like if you have kids like me, check out Stool
Scenes. You're doing a great job, buddy if you have kids like me, check out stool scenes,
you do a great job,
buddy.
So thanks for coming on and we'll definitely have you on again.
Yeah,
I appreciate it.
And also when I was talking to some guys from a situate the other day,
and I was trying to get dirt on you and all the stuff they said was like,
Oh,
well he used to hook up with some ugly chicks,
but I mean,
now he gets all rockets.
He's got a smoke and I'm like,
I'm married. I'm married, dude. Let's go. Cut this. I said, I said, man, but I mean, now he gets all rockets. He's got a smoking hot wife. I'm married.
I'm married, dude.
Let's go.
Cut this.
I said, man, I can't trip him for that.
Prank caller.
Prank caller.
See you, buddy.
I couldn't get any dirt on you, Whit.
I'm letting you know, though.
I'm on the case.
Because I'm a legend.
See you, buddy.
Before we get to Con and Sherry, this interview is brought to you by Zip Recruiter.
Are you hiring?
Every business needs great people and a better way to find them.
Something better than posting your job online and just praying for the right people to see it.
ZipRecruiter knew there was a smart way, so they built a platform that finds the right job candidates for you.
ZipRecruiter learns what you're looking for, identifies people with the right experience, and invites them to apply to your job.
These invitations have revolutionized how you find your next hire. In fact, 80 of employers
who post a job on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate through the site in just one day.
The right candidates are out there. ZipRecruiter is how you find them. Businesses of all sizes
trust ZipRecruiter for their hiring needs. Right now, our listeners can try ZipRecruiter for free.
That's right, free.
Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Now we're pleased to bring in Connor Sherry,
forward with the Pittsburgh Penguins, two-time Stanley Cup champion,
former Cushing Academy Penguin, and UMass Amherst Minutemen.
Tough nickname.
Connor, what's going on, buddy?
Thanks for joining.
Yeah, not much.
How are you?
I'm great, thanks.
Connor, just jumping back to your college career,
you know, undrafted out of Zoomass, as we affectionately refer to it up here.
You know, Pittsburgh signed you right after your senior season ended.
Now, walk us through that process.
Like, when do they approach you?
Like, why are you still playing or do they have to wait until the season's completely over?
And, you know, like, tell us how that got through.
Did you also get offers from other teams at the same time?
Yeah, I think technically they're supposed
to wait till the season's over but i think teams contact like your agent kind of let you know
they're interested stuff like that but uh pitt was really the only team i only signed an ahl deal out
of college and they were the only team to guarantee me a spot kind of on their ahl roster the next
year which is kind of what uh swayed me towards signing with them as opposed to any other team.
I was just getting offered tryouts and stuff like that.
I wanted a spot to play next year, so they gave me that spot, and I ended up signing
with them.
It's worked out so far.
It seems like each year, more and more American college players are getting added to NHL rosters
playoff time.
certain college players are getting, you know, added to NHL rosters' playoff time.
You know, do you think they just finally discovered this, how much talent is there and, you know, how much undrafted talent's available?
Why do you think there's such an increase lately?
Yeah, I don't know.
It's hard to say.
I mean, from my perspective, I was always overlooked just because of my size,
and I think guys get overlooked for different reasons, whatever it may be,
but they take those extra years,
go to college and develop into a really good players. And I mean,
Pitt's a perfect example.
We've signed a bunch of free agents that have turned out to be really
successful. And I, like you said, it's happening all around the league.
And I think it's obviously good for USA hockey and, and for college hockey.
So your senior year at UMass that, you know, right at the end of the season,
you went and played for Wilkes-Barre, right? You got like a couple of games.
Yeah. I played like a couple, couple of games in playoffs. Yeah.
Okay. So was that on a PTO? Yeah, I was on a, I was on an ATO to end that year. And then the next,
the following season I was on an AHL contract. Wow. No shit. So I didn't know that. and then the next the following season I was on an AHL contract wow no shit so I didn't
know that so then your first year just on an AHL deal you have 58 games played 45 points you get
12 points in eight playoff games and was that a one-year deal that then that summer turned into
an NHL contract or how did that work out yeah so after that year I was a I was a free agent so I
could have signed anywhere. Oh.
But Pitt came back to me, and they wanted me back.
So I was obviously familiar with them and stuff,
so I thought it was a no-brainer to sign my first NHL deal with them.
Yeah, especially after lighting it up that year.
So the next year, you go back here in Wilkes-Barre.
You're over a point per game.
You get the call up to Pittsburgh.
You've never looked back.
Now, was that the same year Mike Sullivan was the coach
and then was brought into Pittsburgh?
Did he then bring you, or were you there before he got brought up from Wilkes-Barre?
No, he was  I think it was like a week before maybe my first call up,
he became the head coach.
And there was like four or five of us guys down in Wilkes-Barre that he
obviously that he liked and wanted to bring up.
And he brought us all up kind of at the same time.
And we kind of made a splash.
Yeah. I mean, it's incredible to see actually that you play that well.
At any moment where you think, and listen,
if Mike Johnson or whatever that guy's name was coaching Pittsburgh at the time,
if he gets fired, it's probably going to be Mike Sullivan.
I've played great for him now.
Like, did you actually think, like, all right, this could work out
if he ends up getting the job?
Yeah, I mean, you're not really thinking about the coach getting fired too much.
I mean, we obviously were watching Pitt and they were struggling,
so you knew there was change coming.
But, I mean, us guys in Wilkes-Barre, you've been there.
You just  you're kind of playing your game.
You want to get a call.
If you don't really care at that point who the coach is,
you just want to play in the NHL.
Not only have I been there, I believe my picture's hanging from the rafters.
Is that correct?
Yeah, I've seen that one.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you very much.
I think you got a couple pictures in the locker room there. Yeah. I had arena bar and grill, too. I got thank you. Thank you very much. I think you got a couple pictures in the locker room there.
Yeah. I had arena bar and grill too. I got a bunch.
50 off.
Do you ever have to pinch yourself, you know, going from, you know,
playing at UMass, undrafted player to, you know,
now playing with two generational talents and Sidney Crosby and Gino Malkin.
Do you ever just wake up and say, Jesus, how the hell did I get here?
Yeah, oftentimes I do.
It's pretty crazy.
I was talking to one of my buddies the other day.
I was on the third line last night, and I was playing with Phil Kessel.
It's like not many teams you get to play on the third line with Phil Kessel.
It's just the talent on our team is crazy.
No matter where you are in the lineup,
you're playing with good players and just watching them is crazy.
Practice games, everything.
It's insane.
How much, how much of an adjustment is it going from, you know,
like paying for a ticket at the garden to go watch these guys play to having
them as your teammates and line mates?
Like how long does the staff act to take to go away?
Yeah, I don't know't know it's it's tough
to say i think i mean at the end of the day they're just people you know the first time you
meet them you're obviously a little nervous you you don't want to say the wrong thing but um i
mean once you get on the ice you get a little comfortable with them they're just your buddies
now and um i mean those guys are great at welcoming guys in so i didn't really have a problem
transitioning so uh we're talking about crosby and this is we're recording thursday wednesday are great at welcoming guys in. So I didn't really have a problem transitioning.
So we're talking about Crosby, and we're recording Thursday.
Wednesday night he scored that beautiful pass to himself in the midair,
whack-a-pass Terry Price goal.
Now, I'm sure you're going to agree with me in that Twitter was ablaze and NHL's going nuts.
But for me, like, that wasn't even that great of the shit I've seen him do,
and it's partly because you get to practice with him.
Is there anything you can think of off the top of your head, stuff he's done in practice
when you're like, holy shit, it makes that goal Wednesday night look like nothing?
I don't think there's a specific thing, but you're right.
Everything he does in practice, he works on his craft in practice every day.
It's crazy.
But, I mean, sometimes he'll you know
when he protects the puck he does that better than anyone in the league and sometimes in practice
he'll we'll be doing like a five on five drill and he'll just be holding off one of our poor d-men
and you're just looking at him like god i feel bad for that guy right now but he's just i mean he's
just the crazy athlete crazy hockey player and that play last night like you said that's just
one of his things.
He did that like three times last year and then did it tonight,
or last night, and I don't know, that was pretty crazy.
Yeah, I mean, I watched it.
I'm like, well, that was unbelievable.
But at this point, you don't really think much of it.
You're like, oh, that's just what he does.
Now, going to the cup, you've got two cup rings now.
Was there a crazier cup party,
and what did you do both times when you had your day with it?
I'd say the second year was probably crazier.
I mean, it sounds ridiculous,
but it was almost like we knew what we were doing the second time around.
The first time, you're like, oh, where do we go?
What do we do?
the second time around the first time you're like oh like where do we go what do we do but I think the second time we kind of just we partied longer and harder I think the second year because
we we wanted to definitely enjoy it but the first year I got the cup I brought it back to Cushing
uh then I just kind of hung out with it I don't know I didn't really do anything fun with it I
I played golf with it the second year uh but I kind of just tried to enjoy it,
show a lot of people and share it with a lot of people
and obviously have a good time.
Connie, Penguins are looking to become the first team
in 35 years to three-peat with the Stanley Cup.
What's the feeling in the locker room?
Is it, you know, total confidence you guys can get it done
for a third straight time?
Or is, you know, is there any trepidation?
What's the feel in the room right now?
I mean, I think we're confident.
We're obviously in a tight race, which kind of keeps us on our toes every night.
We've got to try and win the division here.
So, I mean, I think we have a really good team.
We obviously added Broussard at the deadline, and he's an unreal player for us.
And hopefully he'll help us moving forward.
And like we talked about earlier, we just have those elite players that almost any game you're in,
you're not out of it just because of those guys.
So I think our confidence is high.
We're just looking forward to a playoff push here and hopefully clinching pretty soon.
Connor, what was it like to play at UMass?
And how do you think the future of UM what was it like to play at UMass? And, you know, what do you,
how do you think the future of UMass hockey
is going to play out?
You know, I'm a big fan of, you know,
the coach Carvell,
and I think he's an unbelievable recruiter
with, you know, bringing in Kale Maker.
So, you know, what are your thoughts
on kind of just the state of UMass hockey?
Yeah, I think it's going in the right direction for sure.
I think when I was there,
we were struggling a little bit.
They had a lot of coaching changes, and a lot of people weren't happy.
But I think with Carvel coming in, he's definitely recruited.
I mean, you see the two guys he recruited this year, they're top draft picks.
And, I mean, that was the most wins they've had in probably 10 years up at UMass.
So I think it's awesome to see.
It's good for alumni to be able to have some bragging rights within the room
and not losing all the time.
So I'm happy to see that.
So, yeah, I mean, I talk for people who don't know.
You played with my brother, right, Sean, at Cushing?
Yeah.
Yeah, so my father had told me.
He was my captain.
Oh, holy shit.
Oh, that's just, you just know the season's going down the tank if Sean's your captain.
No, no, I'm just fucking around, Sean.
Don't worry about it.
Don't text me.
I talked to my dad.
He wanted me to say hello to you,
and he kind of reminded me that, I mean,
there was nothing really ever given to you. I mean, at Cushing, you kind of had to earn your spot,
you get to UMass, you know, your senior year, you only had nine goals, right, so, like, at that
point, was it even a thought in your mind, like, I'm going to play in the NHL, or were you just,
like, all right, well, I want to play in the NHL, or did you ever think of Europe, I mean,
not trying to dog you, but you didn't really light it up your senior year and now you're just flying around the NHL buzzing
around winning cups it's uh did you think at any point it would be this no definitely not I mean
when I was when I was leaving UMass I was looking for a contract anywhere you know I just
like I said I signed an AHL contract and I was pumped up you know was like, all my friends were taking pictures with me and my AHL contract.
I thought it was the coolest thing.
And then, you know, a couple of years later, I signed an AHL deal and, you know, gets a lot different.
So I definitely didn't expect this.
Not back at Cushing with Sean as my captain, yelling at me all the time.
You should have been like, shut up, Sean.
God. the time but you should have been like shut up sean god but when you get back to the city after the season ends you you go back to the parents house you get your own pad down the waterfront
with a well like a lot of the fellas please say you're not living at your parents please tell me
no no just this uh this past year i bought a house in  I live up in Ipswich, right near the water.
Oh, North Shore guy.
North Shore guy, eh?
Yeah.
I grew up in Melrose, so I'm a North Shore guy.
It's a nice neck of the woods up there,
and you can't beat the Ipswich Clams, that's for sure.
Oh, I know.
Good seafood up there.
So, Connor, listen, we got to ask, you know,
my favorite professional athlete is Phil Kessler.
You mentioned you're playing on the third line with him and Broussard.
What a third line that is.
What is it like to play with Phil when you get to hear the,
Jesus Christ, here you go, pass me the practice.
Is he chirpy on the bench?
Is it just a comedy show every day with him?
How fun is it to play with the thrill?
No, it's awesome.
You know, he gets a lot of heat that guy but he's
he's one hell of a player and I think a lot of incredible looking to get him that looking to
get him the puck he makes so many plays that people don't see I think you hear it all the
time he's an underrated passer and it's so true if you just watch him he gets every pass through
through a d-man or whatever it might be but But, I mean, obviously he's got that shock,
but I think his passing is crazy.
So you just got to try to get open.
And, you know, he'll say he sees something on the bench to you,
but he's never yelling at you.
He's not that kind of guy.
What is your favorite part about playing in the NHL?
Oh, gosh.
Tough one, huh?
Probably, yeah.
I think traveling a good  like, I never traveled before,
so going to nice cities and, like, going out to eat, I love doing that.
That's probably my favorite part.
You don't get that in the American League.
You don't get too many nice cities, so you got to enjoy it, I guess.
We have another lie on our hands, listeners, because it's the paychecks!
So, other question for you.
Give me your hardest defenseman
to play against. A D-man you line
up against, just saying, oh, shit.
Oh, man.
What hardest hit you've ever taken?
Hardest hit I've ever taken hardest hit I've ever taken
well hardest player
I think to play against is
probably
probably Carlson not obviously
I mean his offensive
skill is crazy like you gotta be aware
of that guy all over the ice
um I feel like I don't
get I don't get crushed too often.
I get hit
a lot, but I'm kind of
going to sneak my way out of there.
A little water bug.
Nobody can catch you.
No, it's not that.
I think I just
don't take the biggest hit.
I think Myers,
when he was playing in Winnipeg, I sprained my AC joint. He hit me pretty good. That might have been the biggest hit. I think Myers, when he was playing in Winnipeg,
I sprained my AC joint.
He hit me pretty good.
That might have been the biggest hit I took.
Just going back to Kessel for a second,
about that salad on his head.
Is that a chef's salad or Cobb's salad?
What does Phil got going on upstairs there?
I'll have to ask him.
I love that he embraces it.
He just got it cut a like, a couple days ago,
so we've got to get a new photo going.
Oh, yeah, he's got a haircut?
He got a haircut?
Yeah, he cut it off.
Yeah, he had to change something up, he said.
Breaking news.
Yeah, yeah, he's had a real tough season.
He's got to change his mojo.
He's been struggling this year.
Yeah.
Well, man, listen, we can't thank you enough for coming on here.
We'd love to have you on.
Maybe you get that third cup.
Maybe we could actually get a little invite to the cup party.
I never got to have one.
I don't know if you knew that.
But I'd love to maybe come and lift it up and get waffled with you.
So thanks for coming on, and we wish you all the luck, dude.
Yeah, thanks a lot, guys.
Thanks for having me.
Thank you very much to Connor Sherry.
By the way, I'm an idiot.
I forgot to ask him.
It only took him two cups to have asked people to call him his correct name,
which is Sherry, not Connor Sherry.
So you'd think after one cup he could have got that one switched,
but I guess he wanted to get his name on there twice
before telling people to pronounce his name correctly.
Great guy.
What did you say? Isn't it Sherry?
Like the wine?
Sherry wine?
Sherry. Like S-H-A-R-E-Y,
I think.
That's what we call him.
I call him
Kalana just to be on the safe side
This is a professional podcast here
But going into what we kind of talked about
You asked about college players
Leaving
I just wanted to get into Ryan Donato
Now
Unbelievable NHL debut
Three points, he could have had five or six
And then he scores Wednesday night in St. Louis
Now I've been hearing back home in Boston points. He could have had five or six. And then he scores Wednesday night in St. Louis. Now,
I've been hearing back home in Boston
these clown radio, sports
radio guys are so furious.
He's staying in class
and I don't know the exact setup. I guess
it sounds like he will be continuing
the rest of this year in school
and finishing whatever credits he's on right
now. I'm
not pissed off by that.
If I'm a Bruins fan, whatever.
I mean, the guy's scoring.
He looks great.
What does it really matter?
To me, it's like, for him, like, dude, what are you doing?
Why do you want to do this?
It's like there's three rules when you leave college for the NHL.
It's like dump your girlfriend, get a sick apartment in the seaport
or downtown whatever city you're playing in, and never do homework ever again.
So shout out to him for continuing this.
I don't know if his parents want him to
or if he's just a really smart kid with his head on his shoulders.
But I made a promise I'd finish school to my parents, and I haven't yet.
So it's unfortunate I haven't lived up to that.
But it's really, really hard to do a Spanish exam
when you've got money in the bank and you're sniping in the NHL.
I mean, I don't know how miserable he was in class the next day.
And for people who said he's back flexing on Harvard, I mean,
that's maybe the most untalented, worst-looking group of women
at any college in the country.
So it's not anything to be going back flexing about your three-point NHL debut
in class at Veritas.
Hi, I went to Harvard.
You know how you can tell somebody you meet went to Harvard?
Oh, they tell you.
They tell you.
So, you know, it looks great.
I think a lot of other teams, I mean, I know Anaheim would love to add Troy Telly
the minute Denver loses, although
they could go on and win the
NCAAs again. Quick, quick,
I'd like to mention my BU Terriers.
After a kind of up and down
regular season, they started out poorly. They finished
strong. Went on to win the Hockey East Championship,
so that's how they got their bid into the
NCAA tourney.
So that's exciting. Good time of the year. Hey, Grinnell,
you're our college hockey guy.
Who's your pick this year?
I like Denver.
I like Troy Terry, Henrik Borgstrom, Tanner Gillette on the back end.
I love Denver to repeat this year.
Borgstrom, for people who don't know, Finnish kid,
Florida Panthers draft pick.
I've talked to a couple of scouts who have told me he has the chance to be
like one of the top point producers in the NHL in a couple scouts who have told me he has the chance to be one of the top
point producers in the NHL in a
couple years. He's that skilled. He's that big
and strong. A
Florida team that's getting better this year
and with a lot of young guys is only
going to be better next year when they add him to their
roster.
Going back to Donato, I think it's a little bit different
with Harvard.
Because of the prestige,
plus his old man went there.
He's got basically a month left in classes.
I think he still has another year left.
He probably figures he's this close.
Nowadays, with online
classes and all that shit, probably
easy enough to finish this
calendar year.
Who was bitching on the radio up here?
I didn't hear any of that. Probably because I don't listen to sports radio.
I just saw a tweet.
I saw a tweet when he
scored again last night. I don't
remember who sent the tweet like,
well, there's another goal after missing practice
so shut up, Boston Sports Radio.
That was the tweet. And I don't remember who sent it.
So, I do
want to tell the listeners, this is probably the
least prepared I've ever been.
I think just being in Florida, I've been such a lazy scrub.
So if I'm off on some things today, boys, I apologize.
I'm vacation living, you know.
I'm sitting in a Walgreens parking lot, drinking my hand.
I mean, this is just living.
So I don't know exactly what's going on back home.
Yeah, no, honestly, I don't even listen to sports radio
up here anymore i mean i you know i personally like mike and tony they've been good to me over
the years but i just i don't even tune in between serious satellite and podcast like it's just you
know eei barely talks about hockey plus i don't even hear much from the station and you know even
like 98.5 i'm still running occasionally but i I just, it's not fun to listen to anymore. It's, it's just not like,
it used to be fun and entertaining. And now it's just, it's,
it's purely done for trolling and, and Hey, whatever pays the bills,
I don't begrudge Felger and Malice for doing what they got to do to,
to get paid. They make great money doing it.
I just really don't want to listen to it anymore. I just, I mean,
I get it. I get their shtick. They're good at it, but you know,
I liked it better. And the thing is is we know they can be better because when they
first started, they were great. They were, they were, you know, they were, they were doing it in
earnest. They weren't trying to get everybody's dander up and we had genuinely good hockey talk.
And now that it's all about, you know, trolling and getting people pissed off, it's, it's not as
pure and it's not as fun. Yeah, I hear you.
Maserati's a fool.
He sounds like a fool at least.
I don't know him.
Felger's really good at his job, but it is just now it's just been good.
You just try to get ratings.
You say the most ridiculous stuff.
That is what it is.
And, I mean, you're right.
For hockey talk, I mean, you can't really go anywhere in Boston.
You've got to stick to serious and wonderful podcasts like the Sprint and Checkers podcast.
We've done 71 episodes.
Not a big deal.
We can have on a D3 men's league star in young pages and bring in a two-time
Stanley Cup champion, Connor Sherry.
Sherry, Sherry, whatever.
But you know what?
I mean, it is what it is.
I mean, sports radio is a joke now.
So I don't listen.
But I did.
Maybe people weren't even saying anything.
Donato, for people being mad, I mean, shut up.
It's his decision.
I'm just saying he's crazy to do it.
But he's looked.
I mean, I didn't know he was this skilled.
I think, like, I should have because of his numbers at Harvard,
and it was so easy to score goals for him in the Olympics.
He looked great.
But, I mean, even the move he missed in his debut,
I forget who was in net, made a great save when he went back to his backhand.
I mean, there's moves there.
He's got hands and skill that for the Bruins to add him is crazy.
But quickly on that hit, I don't understand the league
because Bacchus' hit was the same
And I thought it should have been a game or two
And Shen's
Hit was I mean I don't really get
How if it's a hit to the head
First
Is it not a suspension
I just have no clue at this point
It's the same thing with the goal I don't know
I do not have any idea
What a hit to the
head is and what isn't because Krejci's head was the first point of contact. It was his face. And
maybe because he was bent over, that's what they'll say. I don't know. I'll tell you, I'm
glad I don't have that job because that's not an easy job because either way, whatever you call,
people are pissed off. And it's also such a fine line.
I don't even understand how they make the decisions because of how small the detail is.
And even if you look at the replay, you can't even tell sometimes.
Yeah, like we said all the time, it's the inconsistency.
It's just no one knows what to expect.
Based on what we've seen, i don't think anything's gonna happen
i think they're gonna say well you know he put himself in harm's way and then uh what's his face
was committed to the hit even though he left his feet shen even though he left his feet a little
bit uh you know i i thought when you saw it yeah you know if we're trying to protect heads regardless
of what fucking sweater they're wearing you know then that that's a hit that's got to get more than
a two minute penalty but again i it's it's can you just can only guess i i i don't think they're wearing, you know, then that's a hit. That's got to get more than a two-minute penalty. But, again, it just can only guess.
I don't think they're going to punish him further based on, you know,
the McEnvoy hit from Hornquist that was similar to that,
and they didn't do anything.
It's just who the fuck knows.
It's just a mystery of what the NHL is going to do at all.
We'll see.
I haven't heard anything yet so far as of this record Thursday at noon,
but who knows what the league's involved.
How about the GMs meeting in Boca?
What a life.
I mean, what do you think is going to get accomplished?
I'm 10 miles from here.
I don't even know what's going on.
These guys are coming down for their meetings in Boca.
They probably talk for 15 minutes,
and then they go hit the course and just get crippled at night.
Like, oh, let's go down to Boca Boys.
We got this big discussion to talk about.
And then the GMG is loaded walking around hotel lobbies,
not making one decision down there.
Yeah, that's the epitome.
Also, no, go ahead. Sorry.
No, I was just going to say, that is the epitome of a junket
when you get fly down to Florida and, you know,
I'm sure they're not paying out of pocket for that.
You go down and, you know, have quote unquote meetings for fucking five days.
Very interesting to see what's going on in Carolina.
And the new owner, Tom Dundon, I believe, I say, I mean, people are dropping out of consideration for a GM job that they haven't even interviewed yet.
So there's been some crazy rumbling.
Nick Kiprios and Elliott Friedman mentioned he's looking to pay the GM 400,000 a year.
Are you shitting me?
That's what, like, veterans, like, great, good veterans in the AHL make 400 a year.
You're paying the GM that?
Ron Francis, you're making 2 million.
You're trying to pay guys 400,000?
And I also hear he's telling people he doesn't want to pay for his scouting
staff's cell phone bills anymore.
So I don't know what world this guy's living in.
If you have a billion dollars, you're, like,
trying to cheap out on cell phone bills.
Explain that one to me.
It makes absolutely zero sense.
I think you'll know I will not have a job in player personnel at any point
with the Carolina Hurricanes after this little rant.
But this guy is making zero sense. And if you have people who dream to become general managers,
and they're before the interview even happened, drawing their, taking their name out of
consideration, that means something is going on and it's not very good in Carolina. And the sad
part is they actually have a team that could be good. This year didn't go well. Scott Darling
was supposed to be better. He wasn't what they thought he was in his first year
as a free agent signing.
Their team didn't really make the steps I think people thought they would.
But they have, you know, pieces there to become a good team.
So I don't know who's going to end up taking that job
or what they're going to get paid
or if their cell phone fucking bill will get to get paid for by the owner
who has a billion dollars.
But it's not a good scenario right now,
and it's weird to see people not jumping to get a GM job.
That's when you know there's some red flags there.
Yeah, remember at the beginning of the year, and I was probably guilty of it too,
is everybody was all over Carolina.
They were like everybody's Cinderella sleeper pick back in September, October.
And, yeah, they hung in there for a little bit.
They definitely peed it out.
And, yeah, you can't pay a guy 400K, and that's just not the GM market, man.
If you want a quality GM, you're going to have to bump that fucking pay up a little bit.
Yep, yep.
So, yeah, basically, like I said, the playoff story is the main thing.
Actually, what's his face out in Vegas?
Carlson, William Carlson. There's a guy who was on the scrap heap.
Columbus let him go for nothing.
And he's  I think he's 39 goals he's got for Vegas.
He's on the cusp of scoring 40.
But it's going to be interesting to see who they draw in the first round
because I don't know.
I don't know if, like we said before, if they shot their wad already.
But what else is going on in the league, anything, Wits?
Did you see how that
four-foot-skid ear get cut by
Perlinski? Dude, his ear looks
like he has ears like me now.
Dude, that
was disgusting.
Fucking nasty. We did
tweet it out on the Chicklets
Twitter feed, probably the IG feed, too.
It's just, I mean, just gashed
that his ear looks about triple the size.
It's weird how it's not gushing blood though, is it?
I mean, I don't know if blood flows to your ears that much,
but that's one of the more gruesome injuries we've seen this year,
no doubt.
If I cut my ear, I'd bleed to death within three minutes,
the size of these fucking things.
Look like the shining.
I'd be laying down In Atlantic Ave
I'd look like a junkie
Laying there bleeding out
With my ears cut
I know you're on vacation
You been catching up on any
TV shows or movies late night or anything?
I've been kind of
Just like passing out
Sort of
But I watched that Aaron Hernandez On the Ox what was it, Oxygen Network, I don't know what it was.
Crazy, crazy, crazy to actually see all the details about Aaron Hernandez murders.
I know that's totally off subject, but that was pretty well done, actually.
I was like, holy shit, I didn't realize this guy was that fucked up.
That says a lot because he murdered three people.
He was a stud in the NFL.
I still didn't realize how much of that fucked up. That says a lot because he murdered three people. He was a stud in the NFL.
I still didn't realize how much of a menace to society he was.
He was a bad dude.
But, yeah, I mean, imagine the CTE level he had.
I mean, 25 years old, and they said he had it, like, you know,
worse than, like, a 60-year-old.
I mean, like a longtime veteran in the NFL.
I mean, you know, he played, what, four years in college,
a couple in the NFL.
It's just insane that you could be that young and have that much brain damage.
Yeah.
I mean, that's why I've said it before on here.
If I could find out if I had CTE or not, which they're saying you'll be able to at some point, there is not one chance I would look.
Imagine going to a doctor's appointment.
I'm here to see if I have CTE, and you just wait there all nervous.
You're like eating Valium for the four days days waiting for the answer. Then they're like,
yeah, actually, half your brain's pretty
much screwed. So good luck the next few years
of your life. Holy fuck.
What a notice to get. I wouldn't even
have any desire to find out what my brain looks
like. Reminds me of
this is going old school, taking an AIDS test
way back in the 90s.
Were you too young
to have to take an AIDS test for a potential lover?
Yeah, I'm not...
Yeah, I think you brought up the AIDS thing before.
It always creeps me out.
The AIDS talk out of you is wild.
It's crazy, but that's how crazy it was
back in the city.
After Magic Johnson came out and dropped that bomb,
every guy was like,
wait a minute here.
No, dude, and it's funny you just bring this up because my parents are down here
and my mom, we were just telling like old stories today.
And when I was like eight or maybe like seven years old, she said my parents
and a bunch of their friends from college rented like a house together down in the Cape.
And there was like, you know,
10 kids age, like four to 10 there, you know, there's just a bunch of kids running around.
So I had popsicles, they gave me popsicles. And I, and I was like, I get to give everyone the
popsicles. And I came bomb around the corner, like I got all the popsicles. And I sort of
remember this little, and I slipped like the clown I am. And I buried my, the side of my head into
the corner of the table and I was leaking. I like needed stitches. So my, my mom brought me to like
the Falmouth hospital. It was July 4th weekend. It was a gong show. And we get in there and she's
telling me this, she's telling me this story. I'd never heard this part of it. And, um, on the floor
was like a needle, like that, like a, like a, like someone had just used it.
And this was right at the height of the AIDS epidemic where, like,
people thought you could, like, breathe in the AIDS disease.
And she started, like, screaming and, like, dragged me out of the room.
She's like, I thought we both were going to get AIDS.
So I guess you're right.
There was a time when people thought, like,
you could basically sniff AIDS into your nose and you'd be fucked for life.
But good thing that's changed.
Good thing magic proved there's a cocktail to beat it if you got enough money.
Yeah.
Like I said, it was already hot enough to get laid growing up in an Irish Catholic neighborhood back then anyways.
But magic coming out with his.
Unless you went to church.
Unless you went to church.
Like I said before, that was like when the Major major league baseball raised the mound six inches on baddest that's what fucking magic coming out and saying he had
age was to single white guys trying to single guys i mean heterosexual guys trying to get laid back
in the 90s he magic raised the fucking mound on us but uh oh go ahead go ahead no no go ahead you go
no i was just gonna say gri, what are you up to?
Just living the life.
You know, I just got back from Vegas, enjoyed myself a good time in Vegas. Yeah, yeah.
So how was that?
You get it in?
No, no, no.
Listen to this.
Okay, I respect that.
I got a problem.
So, you know, it's spring break.
So 5 a.m. rolls around.
I'm sitting at one of the roulette tables, and there's this girl there.
I meet this girl.
5 a.m.? 5 a.m.? 5, 4, 5 a.m. rolls around. I'm sitting at one of the roulette tables, and there's this girl there. I meet this girl. 5 a.m.?
5 a.m.?
5, 4, 5 a.m., yeah.
And I'm sitting at the roulette table.
I wonder who she was.
Oh, I got her name.
And so we start playing a little roulette.
I'm killing it right now.
I'm up a couple hundred bucks.
And she's like, oh, I've never gambled before.
Can you show me how to gamble
so i'm showing a professional hooker i'm giving her some chips like to gamble just some like
we start hitting like over and over and over again just keep putting it on black and we we're up like
a ton of money and then she looks at me with her friends and she's like, alright, we're leaving. And grabs all the chips and walks away.
Did you put her
in a headlock? No, my buddy
freaked out. My buddy freaked out on her.
But I just let her go.
Welcome to Vegas, Grinnelly.
At least
you didn't go off path out of your
room and steal all your shit. That would have been
way worse. True. There's a bunch of gypsies in your room and steal all your shit. That would have been way worse.
True.
There's a bunch of gypsies in Vegas.
That's what I learned.
A bunch of gypsies.
Yeah, there are a lot of hustlers out there.
Not necessarily hookers, not necessarily broad looking to hook up.
You're just straight up fucking hustlers.
I read about it on a website somewhere.
I heard about it on a website.
I read it on the internet.
Yes, I saw it on this Reddit feed filled me in.
I had no clue that it actually happened in real life, of course.
What else you got going, boys?
If you're listening to me right now, you already know about this podcast.
It's the best.
But do you know where to give us feedback on each episode,
find out which guests we have coming up,
or discover new Barstool Podcast launching soon?
That's why we started the Barstool Podcast Club on Facebook,
a place for listeners of every podcast on our network to discuss our shows together and stay informed about what Barstool is coming out with next.
In this group, there will be daily discussions about new episodes,
a new place for you to promote your own material,
and even find out what other Barstool sports fans are listening to each day.
Give us your feedback and join the club.
Just head to Facebook.com slash groups slash barstool podcast.
That's facebook.com slash groups slash barstool podcast.
All you have to do is say this podcast sent you.
Join right now and please don't make fun of me too much on there.
Have you seen the Shape of Water?
Did you ever end up watching the best pitcher winner?
No, I told you.
Remember I told you I saw the clip, and I saw that clip,
and I said I will never watch that movie.
It was like a Saturday Night Live skit.
I didn't know if you might have changed your mind and went back on it or not.
It was actually pretty.
Why, did you like it?
I did.
I enjoyed it.
I mean, I know it was like the women fucks a fish,
but, I mean, the creature is probably more man than fish,
if we're going to call him a fish.
But yeah, it was good. I mean, Guillermo
del Toro makes some, he makes some pretty
fantastical movies. He's really good
at creating other worlds. And I mean,
it was a story about, you know, a fucking
honbo mute who, you know,
really had no man in her life. And she just
kind of discovers this creature who can't
talk either. And they kind of find this weird
kinship. But then you got, like, 60s.
It was set in the 60s.
You got Russian spies going on and, you know,
like all kinds of other weird shit.
I thought it was an interesting story.
I thought it was really good to look at.
I didn't think it was worthy of the best picture,
but, you know, I definitely liked it.
I thought it was a pretty cool flick.
Ronelli would have smashed a fish if he met one
when that girl left the tables at 5 a.m. Oh, at 5 a.m. in Vegas, man, I would have smashed a fish If he met one when that girl left the tables
At 5am
Oh at 5am in Vegas man I would have smashed anything
Actually you know what I saw
You know what movie I love was Sicario
And I just saw yesterday
The trailer for the next one
So there's another one which
I mean that Benicio Del Toro
Is an animal and so is Josh
I think it's Brolin.
So I'm pretty pumped that there's going to be another Sicario out there.
If you haven't seen the first one, check that sheet out.
Yeah, it's on Amazon Prime.
Definitely a good flick.
I think I mentioned before, the same guy wrote Sicario,
Hell of High Water, and Wind River.
One guy wrote all three of those movies.
Pretty wild.
Talented dude.
All right, well, boys, I got to run. Yeah? I have a crazy day. Pretty wild. Talented dude. Boys, I gotta run.
Yeah?
I have a crazy day.
Okay, pal.
I gotta massage.
And I gotta play golf.
And then I might get a pedicure later.
We dodged the snow.
We dodged the snow this time.
We were supposed to get pummeled.
They canceled school, and it looks like they're fucking dusting out there
from what I can see.
Oh, that's another thing.
They cancel school nowadays when they say it might rain.
Do you not remember Grinnelli Park?
I don't even know if this would be Grinnelli.
I remember, R.A., waking up.
It was like Christmas morning.
You'd check the news or check the radio, and you'd be like,
and the town next to you wouldn't have school, and you would.
You'd be like, fuck, no.
Nowadays, every single school gets canceled, like, three days before
it's even supposed to snow.
Like, where's the rush?
These kids, that's the softness of today's youth.
Forget what everyone else says about the video games and everything else.
It's the fact that you know school's canceled way too early.
It's a joke. We used to battle through
the night and wake up just praying to God
you didn't have to go to school. Now, you
know, it's way too soon. It's embarrassing.
And it sucked if your talent began with
a W or something because you had to wait for all
those fucking schools to go first.
Exactly.
Hey, boys. I will be
home. So next, I got to record Wednesday. exactly alright boys I'll be home so next
I gotta record Wednesday
so we can do Wednesday at
our office aka
your couch
yes absolutely the studio
the studio and yeah we're gonna try to
line some up hopefully we can have someone come in
to join us next week where you're
gonna be back in town we'll reach out to
a couple of our potential guests in the meantime.
So a good show guys,
everybody have a great weekend.
Then we'll do it again next week.
And the listeners,
I love you all.
Swear to God.
Thank you for listening.
Peace.
Out.
