Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode is brought to you by MyBookie.
What's up, guys?
You already bust your bracket?
I'm sure you did because the Final Four is already here.
But there's still a way to cash in on March Madness at MyBookie.
If you haven't signed up yet, it is not too late.
Doesn't matter if you've been playing for years or if you're new to the game.
MyBookie is the way to go.
Lay down some dough and score big on college hoops.
Also, playoffs just around the corner, NBA and NHL.
You know us guys love to play the NHL, so go to mybookie.ag to get your fix.
Me and thousands of other players are online.
Fast, easy payouts.
You can't beat it.
If you're sick or tired of getting a run on from your guy like we talk about on this show, everyone has a shop they got a problem with.
It doesn't happen on my bookie.
Great site.
I recommend the service.
Bring good to me and everybody else.
So go to my bookie.
You win.
They pay.
Fast, no hassles.
Good stuff.
You're wasting your time really going anywhere else.
I mean, there's tons of shops out there, but none of them are as good as my bookie.
I love the end game live betting.
Bruins down 2-0 during the game. Boom. A bro is down to nothing during the game.
Boom.
You got a nice plus 800 pop that paying for filet mignon all week.
So join now and my bookie will match your first deposit with a 50 bonus.
Use the promo code spit to activate the offer.
Visit my bookie.ag today.
Play, win, and get paid.
Don't worry.
I won't hurt you. win and get paid. Hello everybody, welcome to episode
Sergey Brobovsky of Spittin' Chicklets
Brought to you by Bostel. Also, Colton Fisk.
What's up, Ryan Whitney?
What is up, everyone?
It's Patrick Hornquist, one of the best net front precedences in the league,
number 72 for the Penguins.
Everyone listening, I'm driving right now,
so there could be issues of maybe a live pullover on the podcast
or me screaming as I make sure I'm trying not to crash.
So bear with me.
We also got our producer, Mikey Grinelli in the hizzy.
Hello, gentlemen.
Also, we got a big guest this week.
Finally, we got an active NHL goalie on.
And he's from the Western Conference, too.
We're happy to bring on Devin Dubnik a little later to talk about his career trajectory and playoffs and all that stuff.
So we've got some good stuff coming from Devin Dubnik later.
Yeah, which is on the road because I had some sleeping issues
and alarm clock issues yesterday.
So we had to call some audibles.
But the silver lining was we did end up getting Devin Dubnik for the show.
But, yeah, we're bringing to you live from Boston, New Jersey,
and somewhere north of Boston right now.
And basically the only thing going on in the NHL is the playoff races.
That's pretty much the only story right now.
Which, do you think people are like maybe,
even though they're in first place with 99 points,
do you think people are kind of forgetting about the Capitals
just because of their postseason history that no one seems like
they're taking them serious or not or what?
Yeah, I mean, they're not being discussed as much this year.
I think they  it seems like they've been the regular season story for 10 years.
I mean, this year, you know, they've been good, but it's been quiet.
You're right.
I think Vegas, what they've done is kind of taken shine away from a lot of stuff
that you'd hear more of.
Not the shine, just kind of the volume of when you hear about it.
But, I mean, listen, Washington not being talked about,
it doesn't surprise me in a sense that, like, people are more so saying
just come springtime, win some games, or it's the same shit.
Like, what are you going to keep talking about?
It's not like you're talking about the Penguins going for the cup.
There's nothing there to prove that they'll
have success. So I think people are
finally saying, listen, they're going to be good in the regular
season, and the playoffs are going to come,
and they'll lose in the first or second round.
And I look
at it now, and I wouldn't be surprised if it
happens again. So to not hear about them,
yeah, it hasn't been
the norm, but I think people are finally saying
this is the story,
so why keep talking about it?
And, you know,
they're going to have a really tough
first round matchup, too.
It's going to be somebody,
most likely, well, not most likely,
it's going to be somebody in their division,
either Pittsburgh, Philly, or Columbus.
I mean, those aren't going to be easy outs,
especially Pittsburgh or Philly.
And, you know, it wouldn't surprise me.
It couldn't be Florida?
Couldn't it be Florida?
No, we'll see.
If Florida gets the last seed, they'll be the eighth seed,
and they'll play the winner of the Atlantic Division.
I see what you're saying.
You know, because Washington could hypothetically catch Tampa,
but it's pretty unlikely they're going to.
So they're basically going to be the two seed.
Speaking of all this, speaking of all this, I don't even know what an apology
because I'm not sorry,
but I've always admitted I don't really
know what I'm talking about, and I'm a
mush. I called the St. Louis
Blues. I was like,
that season over, they traded Stassi,
Shenn. Braden Shenn came out and said,
why are we trading some of our best players
and we're like a point out of the playoffs.
It just seemed like, listen, it was over.
Jake Allen has caught fire.
I'm a mush.
Like I said, I'm a peasant.
I'm a Muppet.
And I've been hearing it from their fans on Twitter
because the Blues are back.
So for me to say the teams are dead,
it's almost like you'd want me to say that
if you're a fan of the team.
I never even, we didn't mention Columbus last week.
I mean, we got to now.
That team is on fire.
They're winning every game.
And every time I see Artemi Panarin make a sick move
or dangle his dog on Instagram, I don't know if you guys caught that,
I always just think, God, the Blackhawks, like, they got to miss him.
I mean, granted, like, Saad had been there and it was money issues,
but Panarin is a player,
and Columbus is pretty much locked in a playoff spot now,
and I have no desire whatsoever on any team to play them in the first round.
Yeah, man, the Blues, I'm glad you mentioned that.
They haven't gone on a tear ever since you basically wrote them off.
I mean, I've lost thousands on them at this point.
It's just, yeah, we'll get into that later.
I haven't touched a thing since my 0-13 in one week.
I've been on the wagon because, like I said, I got a shitload of futures out,
and if they all fucking lose now, I'm looking at another future.
What was your week?
The last week I gambled, I went 0-13 in one.
I went back and looked it up after our last show
it actually i didn't you know it's monetarily it wasn't you never mentioned that before holy
shit yep running cold now exactly exactly and now i mean before that i was hot as hell i whacked my
guy you know three weeks in a row for about no yeah yeah you know you know how it goes with
degenerates and we give it all back but i have have since then, dude, I went, I looked, I split one AI.
That was the tie.
I called it a tie basically.
Oh, fucking 1301.
I'm like, you know what?
I'm going to take a break for a little while.
Yeah, that's probably a smart idea.
I mean, that's just, that's pathetic.
But, uh, you know, I know we're jumping all over the map and that's what happens on this
show and when I'm driving.
But back to Washington quickly, I did want to mention, you know, this year,
I don't know, they might lose John Carlson.
He's going to get seven, eight years between seven,
eight million from some team.
If Washington wants to keep him, they're going to have to, you know, move guys.
So I don't want to say, like, you know, that it's kind of like, all right,
if they don't get it done this year, what are they going to do?
But they're probably going to lose him unless they make some big moves.
So I don't know what's talking about him,
but Washington will be a good test because if they don't get it done again
this year, then what do you do?
I mean, at that point, you maybe have to start thinking crazy shit.
Who knows?
One other thing about Washington, too,
which is that, I mean,
I don't know if it's a controversy yet, but, you know,
this is the first time that I would say Brandon Holtby is not an automatic
start for the playoffs because of the way Grubow.
Brandon Holtby.
What did I say?
Brandon.
Brandon, I'm sorry.
I apologize.
Brandon Holtby.
I know that.
I'm fucking early morning for me.
Anyways, basically, Grubow has been unreal down the stretch.
I mean, Hopi was nursing a little bit of an injury.
And, I mean, I personally think Trotz is going to go with Hopi in the playoffs.
I mean, he's been a horse in the playoffs for them since 2012
when they knocked the Bruins out of his first playoffs.
And I just don't think he's going to go with Grubow.
But it's something they're talking about.
And I think we have a similar situation in Jersey, too,
where Keith Kidd, shout out Chip Chipotle has been absolutely crushing it and you know
Schneider's been you know having a bit of a struggle now if you're the Devils coach I don't
think it's it's a cut and dry deal like you know if you're a trot it's okay I'm gonna go to Holpe
no matter what but if you're coaching the Devils man I mean are you automatically going with
Schneider or are you thinking Kincaid wins no No, I mean, it's just, you, you, you gotta go, you know,
who got you in there. I mean, it's crazy to think, but you know,
if, if, if Grubauer's just playing unbelievable and they're leading it and
every start hope to get the, I can play well. And the same for Corey Schneider,
Corey Schneider, mask guy, all awesome dude.
Just a great guy. I root for him. But like, mask guy, awesome dude, just a great guy.
I root for him.
But, like, you know, I think any goalie would say if they're struggling
and another guy is just on fire and the team's winning,
leaving the playoffs, I mean, the other guy has a short leash.
So Kincaid, if he ends up starting a playoff game, if Devils get in,
he's got a really short leash.
But, I mean, in terms of starting a guy who's hard,
it's tough to put in a goalie who's been struggling as the playoffs start.
So, I mean, it pretty much comes down to those last two starts before the playoffs,
even if one start.
I mean, of course, Sheldon gets in there, and he's superb, plays great.
Then you feel a lot more comfortable.
All right, here we go.
But when there's a controversy, it seems to, unless you're the Pittsburgh Penguins,
kind of become a big story in the playoffs.
Like, you know, one bad game and they got to put the other guy in, which ends up being a pain in the ass for the coach and the players to answer questions about.
So ideally, that's not the case.
But you can't just start a guy because he's your, you know, he's your number one goalie.
He's your franchise goalie.
I mean, everyone remembers Halak.
I don't necessarily think Price is the player he is now,
but then he was still their guy, and Halak played in the playoffs
and was unreal.
And that's a, you know, Halak has a little different name
than Grubauer or Keith Kincaid, but they can turn into guys
that are really successful.
On the story of Keith Kincaid Has it come out
So people know
Like a girl tweeted at him
And they went to Chipotle
Or he said I don't know whatever
Retweets I'll bring you to Chipotle no matter what
I'm assuming there's no way
They didn't know each other
Is that like out there
I just saw the blog about it
Yeah Grinnelli blogged about it this morning
I know you've been on the road so so you probably haven't caught it yet.
I'm calling a bullshit on that.
I'm going to find out, too.
I'm going to find out.
I think he probably knew the girl or something, and that was like a joke.
She's kind of a rocket.
Yeah, exactly.
That's my point.
I mean, I get your point, Wits.
It's definitely like I'm a cynical fuck, and it definitely, like, you know,
not that they know each other, but, you know, definitely a Chipotle market,
and I'm a sucker because I just mentioned them five seconds ago,
so shout out to them if it is a fucking market, I think.
Yeah, there is something involved here, and I mean, maybe I'm cynical,
but I'm just smart, and I know.
Stuff like that will not outsmart me.
Check out the brain on bread!
I don't know what that was.
Ah, Jules Winfield,
Pulp Fiction. Don't please tell me you saw
Pulp Fiction. Yep, Pulp Fiction,
unbelievable,
unreal movie, when he stabs her in the
heart when she's ODing.
Yeah, yeah.
Does he stab her? Yeah, he stabs her, right?
Um, yeah, Eric Stoltz, because he wants to give it to Patricia Raquette. She's like, no, that's a fantastic movie. Does he stab her? Yeah, he stabs her, right?
Yeah, Eric Stoltz, because he wants to give it to Patricia Raquette.
She's like, no, you gave her the fucking drug.
You stab her.
Yeah, that's a fucking fantastic movie.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The other couple.
That's a great movie.
But, yeah, good point of going back to the Devils.
Like, you know, Schneider's a known commodity.
I think, like, when we talk about a little bit with Devin Dubnik later,
he's just in one of those funks that players get into into and when it's a goalie, it gets magnified.
I'm sure he's going to recover
his game. It's just a
poorly timed funk for him because
Kincaid's playing well and it's tough for him to get his
job back. I wouldn't be surprised
to see him come playoff time.
A bunch of college signers too. I know we
mentioned it last week when we had Connor Sherry on, but
Troy Terry signed with Anaheim as expected.
Northeastern, Gaudette signed.
There was a couple other Northeastern kids who signed.
Cora went to Chicago.
He's going to be a top six guy there.
He's really, really good.
Northeastern, I mean, listen, they had some players this year.
That Gaudette, we talked about him.
The kid wanted to go to BU.
He ended up going to Northeastern, unfortunately.
But BU made it further than this year in the NCAA tournament. I mean, these kids are wanted to go to BU. He ended up going to Northeastern, unfortunately. But BU made it further than
this year in the NCAA tournament.
These kids are going to make an impact.
It's unreal, too. You're burning a year
off contract. Casey Middlestad,
Simon Buffalo, World
Junior MVP, I think he was, or best
forward. He's going to be a stud.
And he's burned a year off by playing whatever
it is. What is it? Five games?
Six games? So, get you a little bit closer to free agency.
I think that's players having leverage almost, I'm assuming.
But I like this time of year.
You see some guys, and I will say that you've got to be a little wary of,
you know, a guy who's college and he's got all the confidence in the world,
and a lot of times they go to teams that are out of the playoffs and there's injuries and they're willing to give
guys a really legit chance to play top two lines, you know, because it's a story they
just signed.
And so sometimes you see people have success that maybe doesn't necessarily translate the
next year or it's not as easy.
The game's a little bit harder.
But I still think it's cool.
I mean, you know, you remember, I remember Brock Besser came out.
He scored a goal.
And so you see the talent that guys quickly have.
I think Clayton Keller did last year,
if I'm not mistaken, for BU to Arizona.
And just because of that, it's just exciting time
because you do see the future of some of these teams.
Bjorgstrom, I think, is it Henrik Bjorgstrom?
Yeah, it's Henrik Bjorgstrom.
Yeah, I mean, listen, I saw Denver play once.
I talked to a bunch of scouts, Florida scouts,
and then a couple of other buddies of mine who say, like,
this guy could be, you know, a top point scorer in the NHL.
I mean, his skill level's insanely high.
He's got a hockey IQ.
He's got patience.
You know, people question a little bit of his defensive
not awareness, but kind of
willingness to just want to be good defensively
because I don't think he always has to.
That'll be a question whether he plays center or wing,
but Florida gets him. That's a team that's
kind of looking to make the playoffs. Shout out to
Florida. Shout out to Keith Yandel
that his 45th assist
Wednesday night. He's had a
monster year, our boy Keith. He's got a beast and assist Wednesday night. He's had a monster year, our boy Keith.
So he's got a beast, and that team's just been on fire
since this crazy second-half surge.
And so now Bjorkson and that team will be playing Thursday night
against Ottawa.
He's been playing third-line center, so can he help a team
that's trying to get in?
It's cool to see, and it just adds a little excitement,
new players coming to the NHL.
Yeah, it's almost like a new season.
You know, we have free agency.
We have the trade deadline.
Now we kind of have this college signing period with a lot of guys
not even drafted, which is great, man.
I mean, you know, like we had Lake Conner on last week.
I mean, he's a kid playing at UMass.
And like you mentioned, you know, his prospects weren't, you know,
certainly not first round or anything like that.
And then a team like Pittsburgh comes knocking, grabs him, free agency, and boom.
A couple years later, he's got two Stanley Cups.
So, you know, those type of stories are awesome.
You know, like locally, what's his name, Ryan Donato.
I mean, he's made an immediate impact with the Bruins on the offensive side.
He's got, you know, five points in five games.
He's a tremendous goal scorer.
He scored a beautiful backhand the other night.
And we're seeing impacts from these kids because they are talented.
Now, obviously, you know, they got a few years in the league.
He's going to figure them out eventually.
But, you know, he's been looking good so far.
But it's good, man.
Good to see all these young kids getting jobs.
Yeah, yeah.
Good to see it.
Good to see it.
I'm sitting  I'm in traffic, like, randomly, 1045 in the morning in Connecticut.
What is Connecticut ever like?
What are they good for?
Like besides like Gino Ariyama just winning titles with the women's basketball.
What this state drives me crazy.
There's nothing to do here yet.
I'm always in traffic.
Foxwoods,
baby.
I was going to say losing all your money at the fucking Mohegan Sun or
Foxwoods.
That's about it.
That's a great idea.
I should actually hit that up on the way home.
They don't have a sports book, though, do they?
No, the only state with a sports book is Nevada, which is so fucking stupid.
You get arrested for doing something in one state, and then in the other state it's legal.
I mean, not that I have anything to do with, you know, putting bets in or anything, but...
I mean, not that I have anything to do with, you know, putting bets in or anything, but.
Well, I mean, I just, the state, I just, the quick, quick, quick to shit on Connecticut moment for me, but it's frustrating.
Yeah, people are fans of Connecticut.
It's a huge chunk of that ride.
When you go from Boston to New York, Boston to Jersey, it eats up, depending on which way you go to, it eats up a lot of the ride.
It's boring.
It's just all fucking woods.
Yeah, I will.
Fucking etiquette.
All right, well, leading into that as a nice little lead-in,
our boy Devin Dubnik, who I quickly want to mention.
I saw this kid.
When we talked to him, you'll hear that I saw him right away.
His first year up in the NHL, I got traded to Edmonton, and you could tell that the talent was there.
I mean, athletic, big, rangy, game came easy to him.
So to see the years, the struggle that he went through, you know,
when I moved on and I was retired and he kind of had that crazy year
you'll hear about, you know, I've been happy for him.
So it's good to catch up.
And he's a big-time stoolie, so he used to text me after.
He's like, dude, that was awesome.
He'll come on again.
So it's good to hear.
Spitting chicklets and just getting out there.
I love when my friends listen.
I love it.
So here's Devin Dubnik.
This interview is brought to you by MyBlue.
Guys, sometimes it's hard to find a satisfying vape that's simple and convenient.
I know it's tough.
You know, you go to a store, there's nine-man type of things.
But go to Blue.
Blue introduced vaping to the world.
It's now introducing MyBlue. It gives you all the satisfaction with none of the hassle. You just click and go to Blue. Blue introduced vaping to the world. It's now introducing MyBlue.
Gives you all the satisfaction with none of the hassle.
You just click and go, man. It's real simple.
MyBlue's easy. One-click
liquid pause. You just switch between flavors
in a second. There's tons of flavors to pick from,
fellas. It's got the curved design.
Makes it easy to use, nice and comfortable.
It's only 20 minutes to charge, so you're all set all day.
Comes with a free lifetime
I'm sorry, a free lifetime i'm sorry free limited
lifetime device warranty called my care so try my blue today at myblue.com and use the code
bastl for 10 off again that's myblue.com use the code bastl for 10 off sometimes it's just
hard to find a satisfying vape that's simple and convenient and that's what my blue is for and now we welcome on former
teammate of mine all-star goalie for the minnesota wild devin dudnik how are you buddy i'm good man
life uh life's busy here but it's all good i i i know it's crazy you just you have a two-month-old
is that girl or boy is that the first kid or what's going on with the family life oh no that's uh that's number three we got a we got a two-year-old and a two-month-old and they're all
boys we got a full line oh you're still getting it getting it getting it on that's perfect buddy
i'm happy for you it's crazy we haven't we haven't seen each other uh in so long i mean it seems like
it was yesterday but i think the last time we were on the same team
was 2012, 2013, the lockout shortened season. And it's really interesting for me to get to talk to
you. It's been such a long time and you've gone from, you know, first round pick and then things
kind of went south in Edmonton as they do for what seems like every human being that plays ice hockey
there. And then, and then, and you know, you, you end up moving on.
So you're traded to Nashville, you end up in the minors,
then you go to Montreal, you're in the minors,
and then you sign a one-year deal with Arizona.
And since then you've become, you know, every year since then,
one of the best goalies in the, in the league.
So kind of what, bring me through that,
that couple of years that ended Edmonton and then we kind of,
when we kind of left off.
Yeah, it was, it was crazy.
And, you know, I'm fortunate.
I think anybody, most people that go through that situation,
I was one opportunity away from being the same way.
I mean, you can look at how many guys we played with on that team that, you know, it was the end of their career.
And it was very close to being mine as well.
You know, things were kind of moving in the right direction.
As the years went on, I was getting more starts and playing pretty well.
And things seemed good.
But at the same time, it was like, you know, there's a new coach, new manager,
new GM every single year.
So you're starting with a fresh slate.
And unfortunately, you know, that season, you know,
I think the writing was on the wall for me in the summer.
You know, they were trying to make a trade for a goalie,
but at the end of the day, I could have done a better job
stopping the puck and help myself out a bit.
But it kind of snowballed.
I got traded to the National.
I played two games there, and it was just this.
I'm sitting in Hamilton at the Staybridge Suites at the end of the season
trying to put together how I went from a starting goalie in the NHL
to a three-goalie rotation in the American League in all of six months.
It was tough to wrap my head around.
Dude, I can't give you enough credit because that's got to be for you.
I thought we knew each other pretty well.
You were a dedicated athlete that cared about what he did
and how good he was getting.
So that had to be some soul-searching, no?
Were you trying to figure out more game or more mental?
It was a little bit everything.
You know, you start to, you kind of get down there
and you kind of start to doubt yourself.
You know, we always all make jokes about, you know,
about fooling everybody and robbing the bank.
And you sit down there in the American League
and you start to wonder if you really did rob the bank.
And if someone was knocking on,
they're going to be knocking on your door here.
But you know what?
The good thing was I got,
I got home in the summer and our,
our youngest was he was seven months old,
I think at that time.
And you kind of just,
you just need to get away from it.
Take a step back.
And I think for me, the biggest reset was just seeing
like you know you go through that everything's great you know you're playing in edmonton you're
close to home everybody loves you everything's awesome and then and then you go through this
and i didn't really talk to anybody at the time because you're kind of embarrassed you know it's
like you go from the start yeah to this and i don't this, and I don't really want to talk to anybody.
And then you go home, and you realize, you know what?
I got my family.
I have my wife, my little son.
My parents are still there, my brother, my sister, all my buddies.
It's like nothing changed for them.
So it's like, and you realize, you're like, you know, holy shit.
Nothing's going to change no matter what happens here.
I don't need to be a goalie to have these things in life that matter.
So I just need to go play because I want to play,
not because I need to play to have these things that matter in life.
And that kind of just took the pressure off for me
and I was fortunate to get a chance in Arizona.
And, you know, it's kind of the
perfect storm rolling from there yeah so that so that year was a one-year deal you're in Arizona
and you know I've read I'm sure a lot of it's true that Sean Burke made a huge difference for you
and so then you get traded to the wild I mean they're out of the playoffs like nine points out
of the playoffs and you just go on this run so So was it Sean Burke and him kind of helping you out
or was it just getting in Minnesota and knowing you weren't being traded
because you weren't wanted anymore, you were being traded because Minnesota's like,
I think this kid can actually catch fire and help us get into the playoffs?
Yeah, I think it was, you know, I always talk about that season as the perfect storm
because it was literally, I mean, so many things had to fall in line
the way they did for that to happen.
And it started with Arizona.
It wasn't, you know, Berkey was a huge part of it.
Just the entire organization when I went there,
I think playing against them as many times as I had in Edmonton,
they knew me well.
They knew who I was as a goalie,
and so I didn't feel like I was going in there as a broken person
that they were trying to fix.
They seemed genuinely excited to have me there, which was a huge part.
Because, you know, then I just went and I felt like I was part of the team.
And I didn't have to worry about doing anything other than going back and playing goal.
And Berkey just worked a lot on my skating and making sure my feet were set on every shot.
Obviously, being as big as I am.
That's a big part of it.
Giraffe feet.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, if I'm moving around, there's a lot of holes on a giraffe,
especially, you know, legs, arms, and neck area.
So he was trying to, you know, he settled my feet down and got me pushing and stopping and setting.
And that was good.
I was fortunate to play probably more games in Arizona than I'd ever have expected
at the start of that year for different reasons.
The trade happened.
Like I said, normally you go in that situation and you're like,
whatever, we had a 2.5 chance of making the playoffs.
You'd be like, oh, there's not really any chance,
and each loss you'd  but I didn't really care about that.
It was such a  you know, from going a year earlier where I'm playing in the minors,
it was just like, you know, every 60 minutes of hockey I get to play right now is a bonus.
Yeah.
So I just was having fun.
Yeah, a year earlier you were putting money in the cup for a chicken parm sub
like me and Ben were talking about.
For hell on earth, you're always hungry.
Seriously.
Yeah, I get 12 per DM.
I got to reach into my own pocket to get a medium pizza.
That's usually when I tip people.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
That was a dark time, that one.
Dev, thanks for coming on.
Actually, our first active NHL goalie we've had on the show.
We've been trying for a while to land one, so thanks for coming on.
It's great to have an active goalie on.
I always loved goalies growing up, so I had a bunch of questions I was curious about.
Now, I was reading up on you earlier.
You actually traded three times in 366 days days just over our calendar year now what kind
of effect if any does that have on your confidence uh because you know you you obviously knew you're
a good goalie but does that get traded that much does that kind of do something in a psyche or do
you just like keep this belief in yourself that you know you can do it well i did it did the first
couple i think you know what he said said it perfectly the last is, is, is you're getting traded because you're wanting,
it's the first two that hurt,
especially,
I mean,
the trade from Nashville to Montreal was tough because it was,
uh,
you know,
my agent jokes,
I got traded for Freddie Charles for,
for future considerations,
which is literally a bag of bucks.
Like maybe even,
I don't even think it's accurate.
I think it's just a puck.
They don't even include the leather bag.
Yeah, like Nashville might have had to send the pucks to Montreal to take them.
It might not even have been the other way around.
Just please help us.
I think the hardest thing, I mean, when the Minnesota trade happened,
I was excited to play.
The hardest thing was I was driving home from the
rink and the first thing that comes to my head
is like, I had to go tell
my wife we're packing up and moving again.
Obviously, Arizona's not the worst
place in the world to live, so things were
going pretty good. We're enjoying having
a little bit of a backyard.
Fuck, Devin, can you please stay
somewhere?
Exactly. The first thing that crossed my head is like, walk off. Walk, Devin. Can you please stay somewhere? Exactly.
So the first thing that crossed my head is like, holy shit,
I got to phone home and tell her we're packing up and going again.
And so that part of it was tough.
But, you know, it's definitely something that, you know,
we had an opportunity to do the contract coming in.
I mean, that was a big part of it was trying to get some terms
so that that situation didn't happen.
You need terms.
You need terms.
Everyone talks about the AAV.
Dude, give me years, man.
I know.
I've got some years in front of me.
You need terms.
Exactly.
And, I mean, it was a tough uh it was
a tough situation to kind of go into um you know i mean minnie was uh was super tight on cap space so
it was uh you know it was a good negotiation uh on both sides i i was i didn't want to go anywhere
and they were great with us uh you know being a little bit creative to make the cap hit work. And I couldn't be happier that it worked out.
So I want to get into, you know, the Minnesota Wilds currently.
A hell of a season.
And I actually was thinking about, you know, toughest rinks to play in.
And Minnesota quietly, like it doesn't hop in your head right away.
You know, people say Montreal when they're good and Nashville.
But your guys' home record this year is right
up top of the league. You guys dominate
there. How great is it playing there?
What are the fans like in Minnesota?
To me, tell me if I'm wrong,
Edmonton's got diehard fans when you're good,
but they're miserable when you're losing.
I feel like Minnesota fans stay
pretty happy the whole time. Am I off on that
one? No, you're not at all.
That's the best one. Am I off on that one? No, you're not at all. Uh, you know, that's, that's, that's what I say is, is they don't, uh, yeah, they're, they're, you know,
even going about the city is, is,
it's very similar to playing in a Canadian city where, you know,
you're going to get recognized every time you go and everybody's a huge fan,
but they're, you know, they're a huge fan. They want to,
they're excited to watch you play. They want to play.
And if you have a bad game, it's whatever.
Next game, they're right back on it.
They're not criticizing your tee pushes and saying your stance sucks.
They're not talking to you about your eyes.
Yeah, it's like in Edmonton when people ask me,
can you pivot like with a one foot, no crossover to your left
instead of your right, you fucking idiot?
Yeah, like be better on the controlled brake on it.
You got to get your drum up a little bit.
You got to talk more out there, dude.
I can hear you from the stands.
You're not saying it up.
I'm like, pardon?
Yeah.
Oh, shit. It doesn't make a difference. But, yeah, we're  I mean, I don't know. hear you from the stands you're not saying it up i'm like yeah oh it's a big difference but yeah
we're uh i mean i don't know if we could take the game on the road obviously it's not that easy
but for for whatever reason i mean we we we like overwhelm teams at home um you know we get we get
rolling in the offensive zone and and uh you know we have four good lines and it's just like
i can see it it's we just buzz and it's and then the crowd gets into it and you know, we have four good lines, and it's just like I can see it.
We just buzz, and then the crowd gets into it,
and, you know, that's all my disadvantage.
Yeah, I mean, I will let everyone know out there that I don't think any team's beaten Nashville twice this year
except for Minnesota, who's beat them three times now.
So one of the best teams I think you guys have had their number.
You know, more so, I want to get into
you're a barstool guy, so
have you always gotten into that site? Was I maybe
the one who introduced you to it?
You were the one.
You were the one.
I say all the time.
Yeah, that was, I remember
you guys talking about it,
and I kind of got interested
in it. That was obviously not
before the days of big social, a big social media.
So that's when he just, uh, logged onto the internet, punched in a website, which doesn't
happen anymore.
But, uh, that was, uh, so that's kind of when I got into it.
And yeah, it's, I mean, you guys are hilarious.
It's, uh, there's, uh, you know, I've, I've enjoyed following and, uh, grabbed a few hats
and it's, it's and it's funny how many comments
everybody's like, oh, I love your hat.
And I got
a bunch of shirts. I got all three of my
boys. Some Saturdays are for the
boys. Yeah, matching
shirts. So it's
been fun and yeah, it's
cool. I'm excited to be on here.
We'll have to get your address after
the interview to get you out a nice new
spit and chiclets t-shirt to go along with the collection.
Yeah, absolutely.
I can't even get a t-shirt. Good luck with that.
I don't even think I have one at this point.
Jeff, I wanted to ask you, what's your current take on this,
the current goaltender interference nonsense?
It seems like nobody, skaters, goalies, anybody really knows what's going on.
What's your take on the whole thing this year, this season?
It's very frustrating. It's a gong show!
It's a gong show.
I'm obviously going to be biased
from a goalie's perspective,
and I know they made a change, but then
they make a change. I don't know if the change
is in effect yet, but I watched
on Monday night, I mean,
the Vegas-Colorado game,
and a goalie gets called a goal. I mean, Como Vegas-Colorado game, and a goal that gets called a goal.
I mean, Como goes in, he shoots the puck,
and runs straight into Fleury,
and he's not trying to hit him.
It's just his momentum.
And the goalie can't make the second save,
and it's a goal, and there's just no,
there's just zero consistency.
It's like nobody, as soon as,
it was bad before,
but then they sent the memo out after that made it worse.
It made it worse.
It basically said,
but it doesn't make sense because the memo says to that when you go to the
video review, don't look at,
don't look for anything that you didn't see on the ice,
but isn't the point of a video review,
isn't the point of a video review to go look at something that you didn't see on the ice. But isn't the point of a video review to go look at something that you didn't see on the ice?
If you're going to say that, you might as well just leave the call to them
on the ice.
It literally doesn't make sense.
So from that point, it just became everything was a goal.
Yeah.
Like everything now seems to be a goal.
I will say that.
That could be a legitimate gripe by goalies.
Yeah. It's just like, I mean, I had one against Colorado that shouldn't have been a goal. I will say that. That could be a legitimate gripe by goalies. Yeah, it's just like
I mean, I had one against Colorado
that should have been a goal,
but I never expected for
one second that it was actually going to get called back
even though it should have been
100, but I'm like
oh no, there's no way.
They don't call goals back anymore.
My side of it is that
I think is that i know they're
bringing a uh i think they should have a former goalie in the room i like that they're bringing
it to toronto because i've been saying that for a couple years now they need to have they need to
have one group that's making all of the calls because then they get to see every single one
they they know what the rule is how it's supposed to be interpreted. So they make all the calls.
You get some more consistency that way.
But I think they need a former goalie in there
because they need somebody that's going to look and say,
on that play, I know it looked bad.
Maybe he got hit pretty good or pushed out,
but realistically he's not making that save anyway.
Or maybe there's something super subtle that doesn't look like anything,
but as a former goalie, you're like, you know know what that play right there made the puck go into net and only a former
goalie can really see that and know that yeah you just basically want someone from your your little
mafia uh group to be inside you know be on the inside sticking up for the rest of his uh
nutso goalie you. Exactly, because nobody
likes goalies but goalies.
We're going to have somebody in there
otherwise everyone's in there
going,
screw these guys, it's a goal.
They got a bunch of equipment on, it doesn't matter, it's a goal.
We want more goals.
Devin, what's it been like playing with
Eric Stahl this year? I mean, the guy's completely
turned his career around. 40 goals, he's it been like playing with Eric Stahl this year? I mean, the guy's completely turned his career around, 40 goals.
He's putting on an absolute show out there.
So, you know, what's that been like?
Oh, it's been awesome.
I mean, he was fantastic last year, too.
He's been great since he's come to us.
But he's just so consistent.
I mean, you know, every single game he's scoring.
If he's not scoring, he's getting scoring chances.
Every single game he's scoring.
If he's not scoring, he's getting scoring chances.
He's obviously very comfortable and confident and knows exactly what he needs to do to be great out there,
and he does it every single night.
And, you know, the funny thing with Scalzi, I mean,
talk about the most ridiculous steal of free agency ever.
Nobody even talked about it.
Nobody even talked about it.
It was after the New York year, and people were like, he's done.
Like, 100 people said it, and then nobody said a thing,
and he's just been sick.
Are you kidding me? He's making 3.5 million.
Like, what?
That's like what, like, fifth defensemen make now.
This guy's scoring 40 goals.
This guy should be having 10 sheets in his pocket, which, yeah.
I think he already has so many sheets.
I was going to say, he's got a lot of sheets, so he's doing just fine,
and I don't think he's too worried about it.
But fortunately for us, that was a pretty incredible signing by Chuck.
And, Doobie, you know, as do i you can never get enough sheep no there is not
enough sheep because never so i think it's easy for them to disappear
well i mean you're married with three kids i'm learning it just goes baby it's gone
it goes it goes quick it's like all of a sudden there's taxes and there's escrow
and then there's three kids and their college fund.
It's like we didn't save any of it this year.
All right, sweet.
Let's go for next year.
Well, dude, listen, we can't thank you enough.
We've taken up enough of your time.
I'm looking forward to this playoff run, man.
I mean, it looks like you and Winnipeg probably in the first round.
Yes, please.
If you could see me on the couch watching these playoff games, gas and beers, Doobie, it looks like you and Winnipeg probably in the first round. Yes, please. If you could see me on the coach
watching these playoff games, gas and beers,
it's like I feel like you'll be
at some point happy with retirement, just
enjoying the playoffs. So I wish you all the luck.
Awesome. I appreciate you guys
having me and hopefully, Woody, we can catch up one of these
days. Dude, I'd love to.
Yeah, it'd be awesome. All right, buddy.
That interview was brought to you by Keeps.
Guys, hair loss isn't just your dad's problem.
It happens earlier in life than you think.
Unfortunately, that ship already sailed for me.
I'm an old guy.
I'm a bald guy.
But it's not too late for you guys.
If hair loss is starting to happen to you, you can do something about it.
By 35, two out of every three guys start losing their salad up top,
and it's not nothing you want to go through.
That's why you want to deal with Keeps.
It's a new company offering simple, clinically proven, affordable way to stop
hair loss. With Keeps, it's easier than ever for guys like you to keep your hair.
It offers the only two FDA approved hair loss products, clinically proven to keep the hair you
have. Sign up in less than five minutes. Keeps is entirely online and it's anywhere from 10 to 35
a month. So you're talking a dollar a day or less.
I mean, you can't even get a cup of coffee anymore for a dollar.
So that's cheap stuff.
You know, cheap price to get quality stuff.
It's half what you typically pay at the pharmacy as well.
Getting started with Keeps is so easy, too.
You just answer a few questions, snap a few pics, and boom.
A licensed doctor remotely reviews your info, gives you the right prescription,
all without ever leaving your couch.
Don't have to go to the pharmacy.
Don't have to go to the doctor's office,
deal with nurses, people sign you in,
none of that stuff. Within two to three days
or three months' supply of your treatment will arrive
perfectly packaged at your door.
Stop hair loss today the easy
way with Keeps, offering customized
treatment plans with only FDA-approved
hair loss products for about a dollar a day
from the comfort of your couch.
To receive your first month of treatment for free, go to keeps.com slash chicklets that's k-e-e-p-s.com slash c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s
that's a free month of treatment at keeps.com slash chicklets keeps here today here tomorrow
thank you very much the minnesotas all-star goalie,
Devin Dubnik.
It's kind of crazy to hear what he's going through.
I was pissed.
I forgot to ask him about,
if you remembered when Steve McIntyre
tried to murder me at the team party
and on the ice.
I wanted to ask him.
Damn it.
But he's a, I mean,
that's a great story.
And it's an exciting time if you're a Wilds fan
because nobody talks about them,
but you know, you don't want to play that team playing hot,
two beats in net playing good.
It could be a tough out in the playoffs.
Yeah, it was great talking to him.
I honestly think we could have,
it would have been great if we had him in person for the whole hour.
Cause I felt like we could have done at least an hour with them.
You know, he gave great answers.
I had a shitload of questions I couldn't even get to because, you know,
well, we obviously only had like 15, 20 minutes with him. We were lucky to get him at the time and we did, but yeah, he was great answers i had a shitload of questions i i couldn't even get to because you know well we obviously i only had like 15 20 minutes with him we were lucky to get him at
the time and we did but yeah he was great interview and it's fun we finally got a goalie
checked off the list and another western conference guy so uh nice to mix it up why do you say why do
you why do you say western conference guy what do you mean i i think i think there's a perception
of east northeast or east coast bias a little with the show which isn't really bias it's just we know we kind of get what we can a lot of times and we haven't
had a ton of west coast west conference western conference interviews so it's nice to get you
know guys from the western conference too that's that's about about what i mean oh i see what you're
saying yeah dude how about don't do it mcconnell mcdavid he's just the seventh NHL in history with multiple 100-point seasons before his 22nd birthday, dude.
I mean, Edmonton is trash this year, but where would they be without him, man?
Oh, my God.
They're fucking brutal.
He's filthy, and he was catching heat earlier in the year.
I mean, he was playing good.
He wasn't exactly what he was the year before.
He was getting shit on a little bit by people who have no
clue what they're talking about. And
it came out. I mean, he was like sick all
year. He was like battling being sick. He didn't
feel right. And then the last like
25 games, it has been
a show. Like every
single night, it seems he's getting three points.
Imagine telling an Oilers fan
last year that McDavid would have more
points this year than he did last year.
And where do you think the team would be?
And, you know, not one person would guess that they'd be out of the playoffs where they are.
So what do I mean?
Surprising, you know.
Although we were dead on when people said Edmonton Oilers Western Conference Cup favorites.
You remember that?
Yeah.
So, I mean, McDavid kind of spoke to that,
but he's been, he has put on an absolute clinic.
So, I thought Kucherov would end up getting it,
but, you know, McDavid heats up like this.
There's no stopping him.
You know, I just think that watching him is so exciting.
I mean, and I read somewhere that Crosby,
he went to the world championships.
They won the world championships.
I don't know what year it was, Grinnelli.
Maybe you can look it up quick.
And he said it kind of really, like, almost kind of got his career going again.
I know that's, you know, I'm kind of changing the words.
I don't remember exactly what it said, but it rejuvenated him.
And he felt, you know, he had fun playing again.
I think a couple years at Pittsburgh where it was like a struggle for him
and he had injuries.
And he played in the World Championships and loved it.
And McDavid, I think, has made it clear he wants to do that this year.
So you're going to see Canada probably, if you could ever bet on that tournament,
win it, especially if he goes, that'll make other guys go.
And they've got a lot of good players from Canada.
Anytime you can feel the team of the best players in Canada,
even with teams still playing, it's a wagon.
So occasionally those teams pop up, and that could be another year
and world champions or flies, which is fun.
You also see college guys and junior guys at that tournament also.
I'm curious what Edmonton ownership does about Peter Shirelli, man,
because he's made some bad moves.
I mean, we saw it here in Boston.
He made some fantastic moves. I mean, he did win a cup uh but then that shine came off that that sneaker
pretty quickly as you know he signed guys you know bottom six guys to long-term deals with no
trade clauses stuff like that um this been this has been a disaster I mean the roster construction
cam to here I mean uh Shirely kind of cast his lot with Cam Talbot he hasn't played like a number
one this year.
The defense is porous.
That Lucic contract, no disrespect to him as a player,
but that contract is, you know, buyout material in a couple more years with the way it's set up.
I mean, do you think Chiarelli's the GM of this team come September, Wits?
I don't know his contract.
Do you know it?
I don't know off the top of my head.
Actually, yeah, I don't either.
They're pretty sneak.
Yeah, pretty tight-lipped on those head. Actually, yeah, I don't either. They're pretty sneak. Yeah, pretty tight-lipped on those sometimes.
Yeah, I guess so.
But I just, I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if he gets another year.
It seems, you know, they got in the playoffs for the first time in almost forever.
So is this year just a one-off or can he figure it out this summer?
I don't think he'll be fired.
I would be surprised by that.
But, oh, oh, I remember what I wanted to say.
I forgot what I wanted to say.
We briefly, I think we chatted about MVP candidates,
and I was thinking about it.
I read this ridiculous stat for Kopitar because, you know,
I swear it doesn't, people say like, oh, people say East Coast bias.
It's true.
Like, you don't hear nearly enough about Kopitar this year like you should.
The stat that blew me away was
of the top 10 players
in ice time per game
shorthanded, which he is in,
you can't combine
any two of them, their amount
of points to equal Kopitar.
Wow.
That's a weird one.
Yeah, it's weird, but it just
shows, I mean,
guys who play as many minutes shorthanded as him,
they don't get points and produce and play on the power play
and play the first line.
So if you're thinking MVP, guys, Kopitar is, like, loudly there,
and the team, you know, I think they're going to get into the playoffs.
They should.
So there's a million arguments.
It's a wide-open year.
But that was the one stat I was like, you can't forget this.
And I didn't.
That's why I'm here.
I told you I'm a smart guy, big brain guy.
Speaking of players recapturing their game a little bit, Zidane O'Chara, man,
he's been great for the Bruins this year.
They just re-upped him for a one-year deal, a 5 million deal with bonuses.
I had said a couple weeks back on twitter i'd be i'd be content with
them signing him sounding like a two-year like eight million dollar deal but uh one year deal
five mil i mean he's he's definitely been playing outstanding this year i mean he hasn't been the
char of six or seven years ago but he's 41 years old uh do you think the deals were at the wits
five mil for char at this at this stage of the game yeah the year he's had. I mean, I'm shocked at how good he's been this year.
So it's no surprise.
I think it might be one of the biggest paydays
that a 40-year-old's ever gotten.
I mean, he can make 6.75 pretty
I'm imagining those bonuses that he could get.
It's 1.75 million in bonuses he can reach, right?
Yeah, one of them was real simple.
Yeah, attainable, right?
Very attainable, I'm assuming.
Playing 10 games was like, I think, a million and a quarter bonus
just to play 10 games.
So that's basically like a gimme for him.
And then the other one was quarter million for winning the Stanley Cup.
And I want to say a quarter million feet,
either playoffs or win in the conference.
It might've just been making the playoffs,
but the one and a quarter mil for 10 games,
that's fucking a slam dunk for him.
It's so, it's so funny to see like the year he's had,
and it goes for so many players as you get a little older.
Like I think sometimes, especially defensemen,
it helps your game to play more.
So your young player, like, I think the more McAvoy plays,
the better he plays, a guy like that, and you get out there
and you're just feeling it.
And then slowly as your career goes on and on,
it just has to go the other way.
And Shara this year finally was just, he's playing so much less,
and it just shows, like, you can't, you know, you get to a certain age,
no matter who you are, you can't, know you get to a certain age no matter who you
are you can't you know dominate the way you have for 25 26 minutes go down to 20 and that extra
five minutes of energy it just goes into every shift being that much better although there aren't
as many so you see this happen with older players and he's been a perfect example of it because
I know the guys that can stain he keeps like Brady. He's like Tom Brady.
The most miserable life of all time.
I could never imagine it. But
he's shown that this guy still gets it done
and he's a monster out there.
So, I mean, it's
impressive and it's a good deal for the Bruins.
Yeah, well, we're recording
obviously Thursday morning, so by the time
this episode drops, we'll know who's in first
place in the Atlantic because Tampa or Boston playing, well, last night for first place.
So, you know, that ended up being quite a race.
I know some people think the Bruins might catch them,
but they're right behind them now.
We'll obviously, you know, see what happens.
Are you saying I'm some people?
You know, among others.
But if you want to bring it up yourself, sure, I ain't going to shut you up.
Yeah, yeah. It's not over yet, though.
I could still be right.
We'll see.
It's not.
It's definitely not over.
It's nice to have some races anyways this time of year because it's late in the year.
Like I said, the Western Conference, you've got four teams going for, I think, two spots right now.
So it's a fun time of year, man.
I can't wait for the playoffs to get here.
What do you got?
How many futures you got for Stanley cup plot?
Winners for wits.
I only have two right now.
I have Nashville and Nashville and Anaheim.
And then I'll just bet.
I'll,
I'll take,
I'll bet all the series in the first round.
Like I,
I,
I think,
I think I could go,
what are there?
Eight series.
I think I can go seven and one in betting first round. Like, I think I could go, what are there, eight series? I think I could go seven and one in betting the series.
I think I'm just going to be able to know who's going to win
the first-round playoff series.
Now, if a team's, like, say, like a minus 350 favorite in a series,
do you have any qualms about laying that kind of lumber down in a favor?
No, not in a seven-game series, no.
But that's probably the most I'll go.
Minus 400, I'd probably go.
Really?
Yeah, yeah, in a series.
But, like, I mean, think, I mean, it depends on the matchup.
I can't say for sure right now.
This year's a little different.
But last year, like, I took Washington to beat Toronto.
I mean, Toronto gave it a better everything he thought.
But that was a win.
I mean, that was a win all day. So I was willing
to pay that juice on that.
Yeah, it's just
a heavy, heavy fig. I'm more
inclined to look the other way and see what
you get for an upset because
I'm a degenerate always chasing fucking long
odds. I'm going to go 6-2. I'm going to give up my
series and I'm going to go 6-2. I'm calling it.
6-2. Alright, man.
Maybe I'll chase you when the time comes, but I'm hoping... I don't know. I don't want you to go six and two. I'm calling it. Six and two. All right, man. Maybe I'll fucking, maybe I'll chase you when the time comes.
But I got, I'm hoping.
I don't know.
I don't want your all 13 and one fucking voodoo on me.
Oh, man.
Come on.
You can save me.
You can save me.
One bad week, bro.
I fucking, I've had a decent year before that.
But I still got like, I think, I think I'm going to have four or five teams with still live tickets on.
I have Anaheim as well.
We need them to get in with us because they're on that
fucking teeter on the edge right now.
Nashville, I got them
too. Where do you got Nashville at?
What did I say?
It's like
14 or 13 to 1. I'd have to
check. Yeah, I got them at 12.
Yeah, that's what I got him at, 12.
I think it's 12.
Yeah, I like having those
because then, you know,
in theory, it keeps me from being a degenerate and betting
every series like I usually do because, you know,
you already have money on a team, but I know I'm still
going to end up being a fucking degenerate when the time rolls
around. I got the Bruins at
30-1.
30-1, you have the Bruins, right? 30-1 at the beginning of the season, I got the Bruins at 30-1. 30-1 you have the Bruins, right?
30-1 at the beginning
of the season, I got the Bruins.
You might be
holding one of the best tickets out there.
The odds and how good the team is,
that's an unreal ticket.
What do you have on that?
I would say less than 20.
No, just 50.
Okay.
Okay.
As long as it wasn't like 20 or 15. No. No, just 50. Okay, okay. All right.
As long as it wasn't like 20 or 15.
No, no, it's just 50.
All right, still, that'd be a nice little payday.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
I mean, I just feel like this is, you know, it only happens once a year.
I mean, yeah, I bet all year, but this is really like my favorite time to bet.
So it's like you can just go after all the series and be like,
I'll slow down once NHL ends.
And then, you know, baseball  and there's baseball day games,
which start today.
I've been recording, ironically.
The Sox have them.
Chris Sale versus Chris Archer in Tampa Bay.
What's the line?
Baseball season is dangerous.
I got minus 220.
Oof.
Yeah, you hate juice, but Shale, I mean, that guy's a beast.
Yeah, he is good.
And that pitching money, too, that's the other time where favorite money is huge.
Like, yeah, that 220 for opening day, I mean, I know he's a stud,
but that's big money, man.
You're wondering, I mean, he's going to be probably like over minus 400
probably come July against shit teams if he's already 220 at this point
i'm with you grinnelly i got well basically 25 to 1 on the bees i got at the beginning of the year
20 to 1 one guy and 30 to 1 with another guy so split the difference but uh yeah it's an it's
definitely a nice ticket to be hanging on to right now but you know not anything can happen but i'd
like to see new jersey get in too because i think i get 30 to 1 on them as well. So I just want to fucking sprinkle them. The Devils?
Yeah, yeah.
How many teachers do you have?
I bet  I want to say I think I took six or seven teams
because I'm like  I don't take them all at once.
I'll be like fucking drunk on a weekend and like fooling around
and then I'll throw like  I'll wake up the next day
and I'll see like I put a nickel on somebody
who won the fucking Stanley Cup.
I'm like, yeah, good job. who won the Stanley Cup. Good job.
When that bill comes due in April.
I probably had seven or eight
teams total. I know
Chicago, early in the year
when the price went way up, I threw
something on them. They obviously
aren't going to the playoffs this year.
Dude,
you just made me think. 220
is so ridiculous.
I just checked, like, online, and that minus 166,
that's the local line.
220 they went to.
Holy shit.
Wow, dude, that's definitely a local.
I'm done.
I might be done.
Yeah, well, obviously, we don't want to mention shops
or website names on the air here. But, yeah, I mean, I have some local Yeah, well, obviously, we don't want to mention shops or website names on
the air here, but yeah, I mean, I have
some local guys, too, and
the lines like, you know, the Patriots during the season.
Oh, what a bunch of scams.
Yeah, yeah.
That's not our boss, though. Just a bunch of scumbags.
Yeah.
No, actually, you know,
it's funny, man. I've never got stiffed
by a bookie. I think there's a lot of good local guys.
I mean, if you can find a good guy  I mean, I've been with some of my guys
for 15, 20 years, and once you've got a good guy, you'll want to hang on to him.
I've never had any issues.
There's a lot of honorable men amongst the bookmaking network in New England.
I'll say that.
Yeah.
Well, so  oh, another thing I wanted to mention about the playoffs.
I actually want Tampa to win also because Tampa, Florida, and Boston, Toronto
would be more fun and I would enjoy more than, say, Boston, Florida,
or Boston, you know, Jersey or whatever it would be
because I just want the two Florida teams to play
because I think that would be awesome.
It would be fun.
They played some crazy games this year. And I want Boston and Toronto to play because I think that would be awesome. It would be fun. They've played some crazy games this year.
And I want Boston and Toronto to play
because that was just wild the last
time it fucking happened. So that's
what I'm kind of looking forward to in the Eastern
Conference playoffs race. The Metro is just a gong show.
You have no idea until the end.
But please give
us Pittsburgh-Philly, whether it's first
round, second, whatever round. I mean, those two
teams, when they play, it's like must-watch TV, man.
That's, I mean, Boston-Montreal is hate, but Pittsburgh-Philly is like,
it seems like it's a different level of hate for some reason.
Yeah, that's a fact. That's a fact.
All right, we're going to wrap up shortly here.
Just, you've been checking, have you seen any good flicks, anything on the tube lately?
I know you've been a busy, busy boy lately. No, no, I haven't watched, man any good flicks, anything on the tube lately, Wits? I know you've been busy, busy boy lately.
No, no,
I haven't watched, man.
I haven't watched anything.
I haven't watched anything
but sports, really.
Yeah, no,
that's it.
Good time of year for sports.
Just one thing,
I haven't fully watched it.
I fell asleep watching it last night.
It's on HBO.
It just started this week.
Well,
debuted this week.
It's called
The Zen Diaries of Gary Shandling.
It's a two-part
documentary about the late gary shandling directed by judd apatow uh and what i saw of it was it was
excellent um it was you know basically goes into his whole life his whole career and he kept these
like journals or diaries whatever you want to call him he kept these journals for his whole career
and apatow got access to them and uh it's real it's a really really deep deep dive on deep, deep dive on a guy who probably isn't the first name you think of
when you think of comedy, especially younger people, younger guys, I'm saying.
I don't even know who it is.
Gary Shandling.
He was on the Larry Sanders show, which was on HBO like 25 years ago.
It didn't have a ton of viewers just because, A, it was on HBO back in 92, 93, whatever it was.
And it was kind of a
Have you ever heard of this?
Have you ever heard of this, Grinnelli?
I knew.
I'm not surprised Grinnelli didn't.
But, yeah, Gary Shandling, he's one of those guys you look at and you're like, oh, okay, I remember that guy.
He was huge, like, huge stand-up comedy.
But he was a great writer.
He was a great writer.
And they said basically, like, anytime someone in Hollywood, like like had something written they would go to him and like he would
like touch up this or touch up that he basically he was famous for having these like um sunday
basketball games every fucking every week that everyone will go to his house because he had a
basketball with the sunday basketball game every sunday yeah he used to have these sunday football
games uh sunday football games and basketball games. And he would have the most like weirdest collection of celebrities and like famous people like Suge Knight and like JFK Jr.
Would be like on the same like tag touch football team.
Anyways, the dude was a brilliant comedian, well-known.
Everyone loved him.
And if you're looking for something to check out, check that out.
And also HBO is killing it this for the next month.
They got a big Elvis documentary coming out.
That's supposed to be be real in-depth,
a side you've never seen of him.
And then April 10th, the biggest of all, Andre the Giant documentary drops.
Can't miss that one.
Yeah, that's Masters time.
I actually believe that will be the night after the Masters ends.
That could be the same Sunday night.
That April 10th?
That would be awesome.
My life, yeah. April 10th? That would be awesome. My life, yeah.
April 10th, Sunday?
I think it's I don't know if it's a Tuesday or whatever,
but yeah, I'm not sure.
Oh, Masters, dude. Are you going to be
a soccer and bet tiger?
No. Masters is my
Masters, this is
actually my Super Bowl.
Masters Sunday,
that's my number one day.
That's the day I love.
So I haven't figured out what the action will be yet.
I mean, Tiger's not winning the tournament.
It's awesome.
I love when he's into these tournaments.
I mean, ideally, I would probably just blow someone to have Tiger, DJ, Rory, Thomas, Spieth,
any really kind of group of three of those guys in the mix coming on Sunday.
I mean, that's it for me.
That's all I need.
So I don't know what's going to happen.
I do know I really ideally Bubba Watson would be in it too,
but then he'd like collapse in this awful fucking
hilarious way to watch because I hate
that guy. So I'm hoping that he
really somehow like is in it, but
then really fucks up. So
then, yeah, Tiger, I mean,
he's not gonna, he can't hit his
driver, dude.
He cannot
hit his driver regularly
like straight. It's just a fact.
I mean, he hits these irons that he can hit on almost any course,
these low-stinging two irons, but they don't  he can't hit those at Augusta. You got to be crushing and banging driver out there, 320, 315, 330,
like some of these dudes, and he can't do it.
I mean, at Bay Hill, 16th hole, all the pressure's on.
He rips one OB.
It's just  I think that he'll, because of how good he is at the course
and how he's a legend, he is Tiger Woods.
He'll be there.
I don't know.
I just don't think he'll win.
And the fact that he's the betting favorite is like, that is the worst bet,
I would say.
I mean, this could come back and be an amazing clip if he wins, by the way.
You could just play this over and over.
That sounds like such a fool, but it is not happening this year.
I like JT.
I like JT a lot.
Dude, yeah, I mean, that guy.
Listen, JT, Justin Thomas, follows Spittin' Chicklets on Instagram.
I always see him like Spittin' Chicklets stuff.
But that guy, that was so embarrassing when he ended up, you know,
what he did when he kicked the guy out for telling his ball to get in the bunker.
And then Rory comes out and says, you know,
I wish they shouldn't serve as much booze on the course.
Like they should only serve beer, no hard alcohol.
These young golfers have to shut the fuck up.
Like, dude, you sound like the biggest bunch of pussies.
I cannot believe that the fans are what is making this.
The fans is why, you know, one of the main reasons you're playing for these ridiculous
purses, like, you got to be able to have a little bit of mental toughness, no?
I mean, you can't.
I mean, I guess if you played golf your whole life growing up, like, dude, people are shooting
free throws and they're getting screamed at.
Yeah, if someone's screaming at a guy's golf ball to get in the bunker
or chirping on a golf course, he's an asshole.
I would never.
But to be these guys that are out, these young, rich millionaires
complaining about fans being loud, I mean, you can't look softer.
It is a horrible look for the golfing community.
I was with my boy, the People's Golf Club, Jim Renner.
I said this to him.
You know, and he had some defenses saying these guys are really good guys.
I said, listen, they might be awesome guys, but they are soft
because these young golfers, big deal, dude.
Tiger was getting screamed at by everyone.
People taking pictures.
He just went down and mowed down the field.
You got to shut up.
Yeah, and unless it happens during your backswing i think you
really don't have any you really shouldn't complain i mean that's the only time you can
really get disturbed as a golfer even i know that so it's just like you know otherwise just shut up
man these people are paying like you said they're the ones who the reason that they're getting paid
and and i don't getting a guy thrown out i mean they're not they're not the reason i didn't want
to say that they're not the reason but they're a big part of it. Right, okay. But yeah, it's just like, I mean,
getting a guy thrown out, I mean, I guess he was
saying his wife's name or something.
If he's saying something rude, yeah, get him thrown out. But I mean,
if they're just saying shit, yeah, they do
look soft. I mean,
everything always gets compared to hockey
players, but it's funny. I looked at, I saw
baseball headlines. There was a guy,
so-and-so pulls a muscle carrying
his luggage out four to six weeks.
I just started fucking dying laughing.
What could you have done carrying the luggage you're going to be out
for a month and a half if you're a baseball player?
Well, he could have been
carrying a girl. That actually
reminds me of guys in college.
There were no girls allowed
and if you were in another dorm,
you couldn't come into the dorm we were in.
I think you just chuck her in a hockey bag
and she walked up to you.
I've actually seen like clips of people still doing it on Instagram and stuff.
It's just a legendary way to get something into a dorm
that I guess shouldn't be there.
Wait, was that at BU?
Yeah.
You couldn't have guests in your dorm?
You couldn't have, no, like after a certain time, no.
Also, when I was at BU, there was no cable TV.
We didn't have cable fucking TV.
It was channel 4, 5, and 7.
CBS, NBC, ABC, and it was scratchy unless you had good bunny ears.
I mean, this was like 2004 too.
I mean, I still
BU got cable like two years later.
I was disgusted.
That and I missed Facebook because I didn't have a
BU email when Facebook came out.
So I missed that. Couldn't get on with those school email
for a while. So I got hosed
a couple times in college.
College kids got it fucking made now.
You see dorms now like
kids got like 50 inch high you see dorms now like one kid
he's got like 50 inch high def screens playing video games on major like i was playing sega 93
on like a 14 inch fucking toshiba tv and i was fucking happy with it now now man these kids are
like all pimped out in all their dorms yeah you're a hundred i i mean i i was i was playing MLB 2003 or whatever.
I played it 10 hours a day.
I would just play and play.
That's actually one thing I miss most about college is just ripping video games all day long.
I played Snood on my computer.
Shout out if you know what Snood is. I mean, this game was the most addicting, pointless.
You, like, shot little, like, monsters.
Do you know Snood, Grinnelly?
I don't know Snood.
That might be a little before me.
Yeah, it was definitely before me.
That's why I was wondering if it's that dead now.
I mean, there's a group of people out there who know Snood, though.
I believe that.
Yeah, it's funny to think, basically,
the last generation has grown up with the
internet. It's like pre-internet
and during internet. It's almost
like that should replace BC and
AD, because the world has just changed
so fucking much once the internet
came. A lot
for good, but not necessarily all good.
Technology's
good, but it can also be
creepy at a certain point. know when you when like you're finally following
every site you ever went to every i mean think of every like thing you googled at one point those
motherfuckers have that like you know not that they're gonna give it to the company whatever but
that shit is like the internet is forever and that's fucking true man like you know when you're
having a fucking a session and you the weird shit you fucking Google and, you know, you think it's private.
Well, speak for yourself.
I'm not weird.
You're weird.
I mean, listen, E-Bombs World, that was an original.
That was an early website.
There's nothing weird about solo amateurs, all right, Wits?
I'm not going to hear that trash.
All right, well, I got to go. all right well um i gotta go hey what's really before you go you know obviously you know about
the podcast i'll let our listeners do but you know where to give us feedback on each episode
find out which guests we have coming up or discover new barstool podcast launching soon
that's why we started the barstool podcast podcast club on facebook a place for listeners of every
podcast on our network to discuss our shows together and stay informed about what Barstool is coming out with next. In this group,
there'll be daily discussions about new episodes, a place for you to promote your own material,
and even find out what other Barstool sports fans are listening to each day.
Give us your feedback and join the club. Just head to facebook.com slash groups slash Barstool Podcasts. That's Facebook.com slash groups slash Barstool Podcasts.
All you have to do is say this podcast, Spittin' Chicklets, sent you.
Join right now.
Devin Dubnik, thanks again.
We're looking for the Wild McAleel run this year.
So we'll be back next week.
I will be in studio.
I'll be in Boston, and it'll be the Masters on Thursday morning.
Maybe we can live
podcast the Masters on Thursday
and then the podcast comes out Friday. That'll be cool.
Yeah, maybe you can bring a new
42-inch fucking Samsung
to replace this one when you come over too.
Your TV's still
broken? Dude, it's my third
TV. It's like we got...
I either watch TV... I got 60 inches in the bedroom and 60 down in the cave.
Like this TV, honestly, the only time it gets turned on is when you guys come over here.
All right.
Well, we'll figure something out.
In the meantime, everyone have a great weekend.
Thanks for listening.
Peace out. See you next time.
