Hey, Spit and Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spit and Chicklets is brought to you by DollarShaveClub.com.
Guys, your bathroom called. It's time to give it the cleaning it deserves.
Get rid of all the junk that's laying around.
Freshen it up with high-quality products from Dollar Shave Club.
Members like me, we get everything we need for our morning routine delivered right to
our door at dollarshaveclub.com.
They deliver everything you need to look, feel, and smell your best.
It's more than just razors now.
Dollar Shave Club is better than shopping in a store.
They get everything you need in addition to razors, shave butter, shampoo, body wash,
toothpaste, everything.
You need to look, smell, and feel your best.
That's why you got to go to dollarshave.com. I get an amazing high quality shave on my head every day to keep it nice and
smooth from Dollar Shave Club's executive razor. It's the best I've ever used. And their Dr. Carver
shave butter is fantastic. It goes on clear so you see where you're shaving and you won't cut
yourself. And since Dollar Shave Club delivers everything to you, you don't have to set foot in
a store wandering the aisles hunting for razors, getting people to open the doors for you
and all that stuff.
Nope.
Shampoo, body wash, toothpaste.
You don't have to deal with that.
Clean up your bathroom
and your morning routine
with Dollar Shave Club's
Daily Essential Starter Kit
for just 5 with free shipping.
You'll get the six-blade executive razor
plus trial sizes of shave butter,
body cleanser,
and one wipe chalice.
Then keep the blades coming
for a few bucks more a month.
Speaking of your next month, for a limited time only, use code CHICKLETS at checkout
to get 5 off your second month of the club.
That's code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, at dollarshaveclub.com to save 5 on your second
month.
Join the club today.
Hello, everybody. Hello everybody, welcome to episode Charlie McAvoy Oh, I was actually also thinking Michael Ryder, old sniper
Bruins, Canadians
Big save in the old 11 playoffs
And a hell of a golfer on Masters week right now
What up, what up
This is like my Super Bowl, it's like my Christmas morning
You look like you sprinkled
Adderall in your fucking sugary cereal this morning.
What's up, Grinnell?
Boys, I have a confession to make.
Uh-oh. Oh, boy. You had a white dream?
First, I have to apologize to Ryan over there
because he was right.
I was wrong. Keith Kincaid did
know the woman who he
had gone on a date with.
I saw your tweet about that. I figured that one out from the start.
You can't mess with me on the internet.
How did that come out, actually?
I did some research on her Instagram page.
Man, you can't.
A lot of people fell for that.
I mean, that's just you being a young guy.
I understand that.
Naive. I'm naive.
Yeah, he'll get there.
He'll get a little older.
Dude, well, playoff hockey.
Playoff hockey is coming soon.
There's two spots left currently.
Yeah.
Two spots up for grabs.
Wednesday night, Anaheim clinched a spot.
Thanks for us.
Good.
And now we want them to play Vegas.
We do not want them to play Nashville.
Not Nashville.
And we do not want them to play San Jose.
San Jose is like sneaky, dangerous, I feel like, this year.
L.A. Kings also got a spot.
Don't have anything on them.
On Wednesday night, St. Louis had a spot to solidify.
I'm sorry, a chance to solidify a spot.
Fucking gag to the Blackhawks, who've been dog shit all year.
They were almost like they were eight seconds from overtime.
At least they were going to get a point below it.
To not get a point in that game.
I mean, and listen, remember I said the Blues were done,
and then people shit on me because I was wrong.
And then that game, that was a killer.
The fact of the matter is St. Louis and Colorado play on the last game of the regular season.
We could get a little, if you remember the Flyers-Rangers shootout a few years back where the Flyers got the last spot in a shootout win at home.
So it was basically a shootout to see who got the playoff spot.
I believe the Flyers went to the finals that year too, didn't they?
That might have been the year they went to the finals against the Blackhawks.
2010.
I went to the finals one and two that year.
So either way, it was a crazy night, and it's only going to get crazier.
We also haven't mentioned yet, we have Blake Wheeler on this week.
This guy is just a star.
Probably the best Twitter handle in the league, at Biggie Funk.
I was told. I forgot to ask him. I was pissed off. Great interview, in the league, at Biggie Funk. I was told.
I forgot to ask him.
I was pissed off.
Great interview, by the way.
Good guy.
I forgot to ask him.
Apparently, he can freestyle rap.
That was a big fuck-up by me, forgetting to ask him.
I was going to see if I could put him on the spot, give us a quick spit and check.
Let's freestyle.
If we had a locker room fine, you'd be paying right now.
Yeah, exactly.
But that's coming up shortly.
But back to the playoffs quickly.
We need Florida.
Okay, so Florida, we have to talk about that goal.
Oh, yeah.
The Florida-Nashville game the other night.
Nashville scored a goal with, what was it, seven seconds?
I don't even know.
No, it was like at the buzzer.
It was like a buzzer beat.
To tie the game up.
What did they?
To tie the game up.
And it was the most, it was a goal.
I was actually watching it.
It was no doubt about it.
Done deal.
Like, Arvidsson bangs at the loose puck.
Forsberg comes in, buries it.
Ekblad's pissed off.
Pushes the net off the moorings.
Luongo doesn't make any sort of move or look to the official.
Like, I just got interfered with.
And you just see, play is under review.
And I was like, no, there's no chance.
And now, mind you, fast forward when they actually got called no goal.
I was so shocked.
Twitter was  the Nashville Predators fans were insane on Twitter.
For a team about to win the President's Trophy.
They announced their hockey Twitter presence.
Oh, we've got to get into hockey Twitter.
Everyone was so mad at me about my Scott Foster take.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
But, so, listen, I can't believe.
And you said it to me before.
I thought it right away.
Does the league, I mean, that looked like the league wanted to keep the Panthers in the race in a crazy way.
And did you see it?
Coincidentally, there was news came out, PR news come out that the Florida Panthers are the subject of a four-part
documentary on the NHL Network on their chase to get in the playoffs.
Yeah.
So that's going to be interesting to see how the NHL handles that because,
you know, like you watch the play.
I mean, the referees right there, all the Panthers there,
nobody reacts as if he was in the field.
But Arvidsson, he has a right to that rebound.
I mean, when you watch it in slow motion from above, it looks like he's
That's the thing.
Slow motion, it actually looks like maybe a spear.
Not a spear, but a pushing of the goalie to slide him out.
Right.
Or make him spin.
Excuse me.
But at real time, dude, that is a goal.
Nashville went bananas.
It was like, oh, my God god I cannot believe they call us back. And the
Nashville fans, who also went
viral this week of them singing Let It Be
by the Beatles with their cell phone lights
when there's a goal review at home. Hilarious.
They're kind of, or not kind of, I mean they've
established themselves as one of the
top fan bases in hockey. It's not the top one.
Me and Grinnelli can vouch for them.
Those are your Western Conference teams?
No, from Stanley Cup experience last year, being down there.
That was unbelievable.
I mean, I still like when I talk to people about it.
I used to tell guys, go to Vegas, go to Vegas.
I switched that to Nashville afterwards.
It's just...
It's Premier League soccer meets SEC football.
That's what I like to say.
That is a great...
If that's true, those two things, I want in on both of them.
Oh, it's unbelievable, man.
It's unlike any hockey game.
Because it has the SEC football women,
and then it's got the lunatic
Premier League fans.
Is that what you said?
Premier League?
Yeah, Premier League.
With the chants
and the crazy.
Drinking in the morning.
Oh, yeah.
See, the Titans had their New Jersey,
I don't know,
they changed the fucking font
or whatever they did.
By the way,
they should get a whole new nickname.
Titans is just not a good nickname,
but Wednesday night,
they had a thing down on Lower Broadway, right? By the Acme Feed and Sea. Lower Broadway. By the way, they should get a whole new nickname. Titans is just not a good nickname, but Wednesday night they had a thing down on lower
Broadway, right, by the Acme Feed and Sea. Lower Broadway.
Yeah, not
Southeast back in Broadway. No, Broadway.
But there was like 50,000
people there, because, well, Florida Georgia Line was
playing, but they were unveiling uniforms, and it's like
a big fucking party. For who, the Titans?
Yeah, they're new uniforms.
It's like you gotta squint to see the font difference.
It's like, whatever.
So, yeah, we're going to have some nice races.
I mean, if that Colorado-St. Louis game, I believe it's Saturday,
for all the marbles, man, that's going to be something to watch.
I'm dying to fucking.
Yeah, and the fact that the Flyers could possibly, as of right now,
choke and not get in the last meeting. They're four points up in Florida.
Florida's got three games left.
They got two games left.
So if Philly loses the next one and Florida wins, all of a sudden it's a game of hand down, two points.
Philly's a team, too, in terms of, you know, everyone says we're Boston people.
That's where we live.
If I'm Boston, I want to play the Devils.
I would not want to play Toronto, certainly.
I want to win the division, and I do not want to play Philly either, because both those teams seem to play the Bruins really hard. So if you're a Boston
person, you're looking to get that, you know,
win the Atlantic. That's coming right down to
the end. That's the one thing hurting the Panthers. They play
the Bruins twice more.
But, I mean, this whole race right now
is exciting. We knew, we were hoping
it would kind of come down and there'd be a little more teams
left. Right now, it seems like
the East has Jersey, Philly, Florida,
and the West is at st louis
and colorado battling for that last spot so but at least we could have something on that last day
with that game is it in st louis or colorado you know i i gotta double check but yeah that's
exactly we're gonna have you know playoff races usually i mean a lot of seasons it's it's already
done and decided they're just playing out the string right now so but hey speaking of playoffs
i mean wits yeah you can make some dough.
In the Stanley Cup playoffs,
anything can happen on any night.
And now is your chance to predict the outcome
in the Stanley Cup Playoffs Bracket Challenge.
Brackets have been a hot topic at
Barstool over the last month, yet we still
have the most exciting playoff series in the world
coming up within the week. There's nothing
more exhilarating in sports than playoff hockey.
Guys putting everything on the line at all times in the quest for Lord Stanley's Cup.
Up the excitement by Barstool's bracket and following along throughout the playoffs.
Feidelberg is openly challenging anyone to join his public bracket if you're looking to challenge him.
Visit NHL.com slash Barstool bracket.
Join our league to compete against fellow stoolies for a chance to win great prizes,
including a trip to the NHL Awards in Vegas.
That would be a good time.
Who do you think will win the cup?
Visit NHL.com slash barstool
bracket to submit your picks today.
So, I mean, you know, get
involved in that because, listen,
if you can go to Vegas because you picked
a couple teams right to win in the Stanley Cup playoffs,
you're living. You ever gone to the NHL Awards?
No, I haven't. Never been invited.
You have.
I know you have.
I have.
I went as...
I feel like it's the most
like second-rate...
Like the show looks just...
It's actually...
What's funny,
and I didn't notice
until I got out there.
Well, I went out there
to collect...
First, let's get...
To collect
Cash My Bruins tickets.
I didn't go out there
for the awards.
I went out for
Cash Bruins tickets.
Sure, sure, sure.
Not a big deal.
Sure, sure, sure.
That's why you went out there.
25K. You're not going to get your undies signed by a cash-for-win ticket. Sure, sure, sure. Not a big deal. Sure, sure, sure. That's why you went out there. 25K.
You're not going to get your undies signed by a couple superstars.
Yeah.
But no, when you're the media, you're not even in the fucking arena.
They put you in a room outside the arena, so you're watching the awards on TV when you cover it as a media.
You get to do the red carpet thing.
I didn't do any of that shit because we don't do personal interviews, really.
But yeah, you go out, and you just sit in a room.
I ended up getting a ticket inside anyways and drinking a few beers but yeah the the nhl awards it's
could rfi as they say room for improvement well still in vegas that'd be that'd be sick and
speaking of nhl awards um news came out of the retirement after this season of henrik and daniel
sadeen say what you want um there's people who say like, oh, you know, the Sadin sisters, you've always heard that.
The careers those two had and what they did like side by side is incredible.
And I've never heard anything but good words about them, not only as teammates, but just guys.
Like everyone says they're good people.
They treat everyone with respect.
They're great teammates.
And they were so nasty together
for a 10-year period.
The fact that two twins come
and then both of them end up winning
the scoring title.
You might never see
something like that again. They played
their entire career together. Everything's been the exact
same. I don't know if you've seen the clip on the
bench when they're drinking a water bottle.
Taking off their glove at the same time.
It's like, what the fuck?
It's bizarre.
But playing against those guys, it was a nightmare.
And I luckily was usually not on the ice against them because if they were on the ice, the coach was like,
Whitney, change, get off the ice.
They would turn the best players in the league into complete pretzels.
They're chucking no look behind the back sauce,
looking at the complete opposite direction,
and it is going right in stride to the other twin.
I didn't know any difference between either one of them.
I still don't even know.
I still have no clue.
I saw a funny tweet.
One of the reporters, I think, in Vancouver was saying
one of his favorite memories was one of them...
I think Henrik's the center.
I don't even know.
One of them got kicked out of a draw and just like went over and talked to the other one.
And the same one just went back in for the draw.
There's no chance.
I mean, how are you supposed to tell them apart?
They started doing a play at one point in their career.
They probably did it growing up.
But one of them would take off down the boards.
Like while the puck was, you know, just Vancouver was just gaining control in their defensive zone. Usually one of the Sedins
had it. And the one would just take off
and the other brother would take a full
clapper, rocket down the
ice, like across the net. So it hit the corner
and just as the guy got on side,
the puck would be bouncing off the
boards right to him for breakaways. It was like plays
you couldn't even, you couldn't even think
of because they are kind of one. I mean,
I don't know much about twins,
but I know if one feels pain like the other one does,
I mean, that's got to be legit shit.
So they kind of knew where each other were
without even having to talk out there.
And then when they were talking, they're yelling in Swedish.
So what are you going to know if you're Muppet American defenseman like myself?
But, you know, good luck to them in retirement because what a run.
I mean, it sucks they didn't win a cup for Bruins fans.
I think they  Grinelli, I saw you tweet out that you loved the
Marshawn punched him in the face.
That was actually, like, the most ridiculous.
If he has one regret, whichever Soudin that was,
I mean, he should have just at least, like, thrown a punch back.
He can't just get punched in the face.
That was awesome.
Yeah, he was waiting for a penalty that was never coming.
Marshawn, that whole series just made them his bitch. Yeah. He was waiting for a penalty that was never coming. Marchand,
that whole series just made them his bitch.
Yeah,
that was a crazy,
I mean,
that was one of the,
that was a fun hockey series
no matter who you root for.
But Vancouver,
I mean,
they thought they had
an up 3-2,
up 2-0.
That was just kind of what
I think people will somewhat
remember them for
in terms of playoffs.
But career on a whole,
I mean,
those guys were superstars.
Yeah, and to echo what you said, Rye, you know, Twitter's great because you can get the reactions of a lot of guys, and it's honest,
and they're not filtered through the media or anything.
You know, guys are just telling you what they say,
and there were so many former players, current players,
who had nothing but great things to say about them.
You know, just professional, like you said, professional, classy,
just, you know, great guys, classy, just great guys.
And they were tremendous players.
I mean, obviously, in Vancouver, a lot of their career was before Center Rice,
so we didn't get to see them a ton early in their careers.
And it was actually Brian Burke who drafted them, correct?
He made all those trades. He made a bunch of trades to get the second and third pick.
I believe in Boston, actually.
Was it 99 in Boston?
Grinnell, you get on that quick?
I'm not sure.
I was at the 99 draft in Boston, actually. Was it 99 in Boston? Grinnell, you get on that quick? I'm not sure. I was at the 99 draft in Boston, so I think it was.
Patrick Stephon first, and then maybe Daniel and Henrik Sedin.
They also, I don't know which one.
Like I said, is that considered rude that you don't know?
I think with these two.
I said a joke on Twitter.
It would have been funny if only one of them retired,
and then he quit number 11, and it would just say Sedin,
and he don't have to tell anybody who he is.
And then someone would reply back, and his brother can alternate every game for fresh legs.
Why not?
I heard they married twins, too.
That might just be a complete fan.
It was 99.
99, thank you.
Stefan was first.
Thank you, I was there.
Patrick Stefan.
Yeah, tough one.
Worst empty net miss of all time.
So the other play that was unreal they did
to win the scoring title they played calgary the last game of the regular season at home
and the puck went back to i don't know christian i think it was christian aeroff either way a left
defenseman on vancouver time maybe maybe edler he snapped it right back to the center who just
kind of won the draw and say it was henrik. He turned around, faced the D-man who snapped it, a pass right at Henrik. He tipped it through his legs to Daniel who had like
started on the boards and kind of peeled off his defenseman, was behind his defenseman near the
goal line, tipped it through his legs to him. He got it, beat his guy to the net. Then he went
through his leg shelf and it was for one of them to win the scoring title on the last game of the
year in Vancouver. This is like, I'm 95 sure of this.
I may be wrong.
But basically, you get the gist of what they did.
And that was just what they did constantly.
So, you know, like we said, great career.
Good luck to them in the future.
We also, we're going to throw over to another assist machine, as the both the Sedins were,
Blake Wheeler, who's dominating for Winnipeg this year.
So thanks to Biggie Funk.
We'll bring him in right now.
This interview is brought to you by Tommy John. Fellas, spring is in the air. Baseball games,
barbecues, NHL playoffs, NBA playoffs. Great time of year. It's also spring cleaning. So you want to change things up this year and treat yourself. Throw out your old multi-pack boxes and replace
them with the unbelievable comfort of Tommy John. I'm wearing them right now.
Tommy John is committed to providing unparalleled comfort,
not only in their undergarments, but also in their incredible apparel.
Best pair you'll ever wear or it's free, guarantee.
If it's not the most comfortable underwear your listeners have ever worn,
Tommy John will foot the bill.
Try it.
I wear them all the time, super comfy, keep everything nice and snug,
and they're more than just an underwear company.
They got socks that'll stay up all day.
Undershirts that never come untucked.
And reimagined t-shirts.
Tommy John has it all.
It's the revolutionary clothing company for the modern man.
And they make the best underwear on the planet.
Again, you get a little older guys, you know, gravity starts taking its toll.
Nah, Tommy John eliminates that.
You want to get rid of your current underwear and get Tommy John.
Also got a bunch of t-shirts with silky soft second skin tees, vibrant colors, a modern fit, and premium fabrics.
Great stuff.
They got socks that stay up all day.
You know, get those socks.
Guys, we always wear things longer than we should, and our socks are falling down.
Well, that doesn't happen with the Tommy John socks.
Words cannot do Tommy John justice. You got to try it for yourself, and you can thanks to Tommy John's best pair you'll ever wear, or it's free, guaranteed.
Tommy John, no adjustment needed.
Hurry to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off your first order.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off the most comfortable clothing items imaginable.
Only at TommyJohn.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
And now we are pleased to bring in NHL All-Star,
right now the current leader in assists in the NHL,
and not a big deal, Blake Wheeler.
Thank you very much for coming on, buddy.
How are you?
I'm great, guys.
Thanks for having me.
You know, I have a bunch of questions.
I'm going to get into Winnipeg and the year you guys have had
because it's such a fun team to watch.
But, you know, I've got to go back.
I always go back to the start of your your hockey playing career you know when you first
start getting noticed and you played three years of Minnesota high school hockey correct you got it
all right so the Breck school is that a public school or private school I feel like everyone
out there's public school players yeah that's uh that's a kind of a preppy private school. You get shit on for that?
Not really.
Maybe a little bit, actually.
We got a few Minnesota guys on our team now.
So, obviously, Bunch from Roseau, which is like the anti-Breck.
And then Matt Hendricks is from Blaine, Minnesota.
So, once again, like the anti-Breck.
So, we give it to each other back and forth a little bit.
Yeah, exactly.
I love that.
It's kind of like the Adina thing.
That's what they call the Breck guys, I guess.
So first, I do want to say about the high school career.
You played three years.
You did leave that last year for the USHL.
It ended with a state title.
You were scoring a hat-trick, I believe.
That is official, not a big deal. Was that in like where the Wild play?
Yeah, yeah, at the XL Center, yeah.
So that tournament is, I mean, if you guys ever get a chance to get out to it,
it's pretty incredible.
I mean, like they're packing the house for that thing.
I mean, 18,000 people watching, you know, 16, 17, 18-year-olds play.
It's a pretty cool environment.
So, like, that's what, as a Minnesota's a pretty pretty cool environment so like that's what as a minnesota
kid you grow up you're just like man if i could play in that tournament you know i could die
die happy so it was uh yeah after when it was was pretty cool i was in the small school division so
i was class a so we were uh i mean we we were to beat the double a teams for sure but um you know
we uh we're kind of the the lower schools Yeah. So was it still packed at least, though?
There was a lot of people.
I would say for us, there was probably like 12,000.
Ah, it's still.
You know, it's still a lot for a 17-year-old.
Yeah.
So, all right.
So after that, you leave for your senior year, you go play in the USHL,
which is now, I think, for people who don't understand,
a complete feeder system, it seems like, to the NHL. So many guys just spend time there. And had you committed to
Minnesota before that or did that happen when you got to Green Bay?
Yeah, I committed right after my junior year of high school to Minnesota and then got drafted
by Phoenix that same summer. And then after, I decided to go play in Green Bay.
You get to Minnesota.
You were drafted the summer going in or after your freshman year?
No, I was actually drafted by Phoenix the year before that.
After my junior year of high school, before I went to Green Bay,
I played the year in Green Bay.
I'm an August birthday,
so, like, I made that 2004 draft by, like, I don't even know,
like a week or something like that.
Okay.
All right.
So fifth overall pick.
Now, I remember being like, who's that?
You know, I hope you don't take offense to that.
You've turned into this superstar in the NHL.
But I was like, who is this kid?
I never heard one thing about him.
So were you that surprised?
Or was that known going in?
No, yeah, I was completely surprised.
I mean, I obviously did the whole routine, did, you know, the combine and did all the interviews with all the teams.
And I had a pretty good idea that there was a chance I could get picked
towards the end of the first round.
But, yeah, no idea.
I mean, I remember Wayne Gretzky made the pick, and he went up there,
and I was like everyone else, you know, cheering.
And I think I was eating a hot dog in the stands
and just kind of taking it all in.
And then, you know, all of a sudden they say my name,
and my dad, you know, grabs me.
He's like, that's you.
Get up there.
And I'm like, you know.
Holy shit.
Yeah, like things kind of went, you know, black out there for the next couple hours.
Okay, so that reminds me of my buddy, Mike Morris.
He was the first round pick by the San Jose Sharks in 2002.
He had no clue he was going the first round.
He was just sitting there alone because his dad was having a hot dog.
I think his mom was having a cigarette or something like that.
They're like, holy shit.
So when you don't know, it makes it for the crazy story of just having no clue what's going on.
I feel like most kids now know exactly where they're getting picked.
Yeah, I mean, all my teammates, I mean, we hashed it up a little bit about it.
And like, yeah, everyone was like, yeah, I knew I was going to go between 11 and 13.
Like, well, that's no fun, you know.
So, yeah, my story is a little bit unique like that.
But, you know, looking back, it was a crazy experience.
Blake, as Ryan mentioned, you had gotten drafted by the Coyotes.
And then, you know, you played four years between USHL and college.
Basically, their draft rights were going to be up,
and you opted to become an unrestricted free agent.
Now, did that have to do with the franchise?
Phoenix was kind of a mess then.
Well, kind of still is now, I guess, to some degree.
Or did you just realize, if I just don't sign and wait a few months i could go with any
team in the league i honestly like uh obviously i've been asked about that a bunch like people
it is kind of a unique situation and i had no idea i mean i played my junior year at minnesota
um kind of in the back of my head thinking that was probably going to be my last
year. I was
full dead set on
going to Phoenix.
I knew a couple guys
on the team. I played high school hockey
actually with Peter Mueller. He was on the team.
I knew
which buddy, Keith Yandel, was on the team. I went back
with him with some USA Hockey stuff.
I was watching him and I was ready to go.
And then after that, my last game in college was actually in Worcester.
We got beat by Boston College and talked to my agent, and he was like,
look, I don't know if the Phoenix thing is going to happen. And I was kind of, you know, I was pretty surprised.
I had no idea.
He kind of gave me the rundown. And I think basically what it boiled down to was we were was kind of, you know, I was pretty surprised. I had no idea. He kind of gave me the rundown,
and I think basically what it boiled down to was we were just kind of concerned,
you know, the people that drafted me and the GM,
and they kind of done a complete overhaul.
You know, I don't know if them drafting me got everyone fired
or what the deal was, but it was kind of a new regime.
You know, they had a few drafts in between there, and we were just kind of worried
that maybe I'd be put at the back of the bus and maybe not get a good opportunity.
If I went UFA, then you go right back to the top of somebody's prospect pool
and maybe you get a better look.
It really had nothing to do with the organization.
Like I said, I was dead set on going.
It was just kind of a concern that maybe it wasn't really fit for me at the
right time.
Yeah, we saw a similar situation with Jimmy Veazey a couple years ago.
He opted to eschew the Predators and go to New York.
We're seeing a few more college guys getting added each year.
Now, you had a nice couple years with the Bruins, and then, of course,
it was about seven years ago around this time they traded you to the
then-Atlanta Thrashers. Was it a complete shock when they traded to blake or was there any
indication from within it might happen or did it just totally waylay you well some of those things
you know like when you when you you get to that time of year um and with with the spot that i was
in you know i was kind of uh you know i between, you know, third kind of fourth line. Um, you know, my, my role was kind of, uh, one that could be filled
easily, I guess you could say. And, you know, I knew that they were going to try to add somebody
at the deadline. Um, once they traded for, for Thomas Cabriolet from Toronto, I thought that I
was going to, you know, make the cut and be safe. safe. And then I got called about 20 minutes after that trade,
and they obviously moved me to Atlanta.
So complete shock.
I wouldn't say it was a complete shock, but any time you get traded,
it's kind of a shock to the system.
You don't really see it coming.
And then before you know it, you're out the door and on a new team.
I remember last week, let alone seven years ago,
but when you got traded to Atlanta,
did they already know that the Thrashes were going going to become the Jets or was that still in
flux at the time? Yeah, I mean, I had no idea. You know, I played 20 games in Atlanta and,
you know, I was just kind of trying to figure things out. So I know that.
What's going on in my life? Yeah, exactly. You know, I was, you know was going from a Stanley Cup chase to going to the Tavern on Phipps before long.
I think guys were talking about it, that there was a chance.
I wouldn't play the World Championships in Slovakia after that year.
There wasn't much talk about it.
Then I got home and I think a week later they made the announcement.
I mean, I hate to bring this up.
I went through it, so I feel like I'm allowed to a little bit.
And we'll get to, you know, the season you guys are having this year
and the chance to win the Cup.
But when the Bruins won the Cup, did you watch?
Like, I watched.
I was just an emotional wreck.
I got loaded.
I was just like, I can't believe this.
Like, was it that part of you or were you, like, happy for guys?
I mean, what was going through your head when the Bruins actually got it done?
No, it was the exact same thing.
I mean, you know, you have friends on the team,
so you're cheering for them the whole way, right?
And you want them to win.
Like, you don't wish bad on anyone.
And then it's game seven, and you're like, well, shit.
I mean, if Vancouver did win, it wouldn't be the end of the world but uh i remember uh having a few buddies
over and having some drinks and when they won it's like damn you know you're you don't realize
how close you are you know and then exactly and then i've played four games four playoff games
since then you know what i mean so it's like you know the the veterans in the room when you're
going to the playoffs like the first couple of years are always telling you,
hey, let's not take this for granted because you never know
when you're going to get back or get an opportunity like this.
You're like, yeah, yeah, yeah, shut up.
I'm going to be here every year.
Exactly.
Before you know it, it's like you're 31
and haven't had a kick in the can again until now.
I just remember seeing Brooks Orppik who i went to high
school with good friend of mine and rob scuderi and i played in the minors with them too and i
was so happy for them it was like oh that's so cool but i was just like i should oh i just wish
i was there i should like i just feel like i should be a part of it and it was like it's so
true it's hard to describe how happy you are for friends that mean a lot to you and also how
miserable you are that you just weren't there.
So I figured you'd have some sort of similar experience.
But I'd rather move on to now.
I think you would too in the season you guys had.
Like I said at the beginning, it's just a fun team to watch.
I've said all year it's the best top six in the league.
And I actually say top seven because Perot has had such a good year.
How fun has it been this year?
I mean, to lead the league in assists right now now you obviously feel good uh what's kind of gone right
and it's not just this year it's the past few years like when is uh when does everything kind
of seem to click to become you know this dominant player you are right now i i think that you know
it's been it's kind of been a waiting game you know we've we kind of had to to rebuild when we
came to winnipeg um and i think that they realized that you know we were we kind of had to to rebuild when we came to winnipeg um and i think that
they realized that you know we were never going to be like the rangers and be able to sign you
know the high ticket free agents and kind of build our team that way that we needed to to do it
through the draft and you know draft good young players and uh our gm you know kevin shillings
you know just has hit home run after home run with these guys you know so um the last few years i mean i remember and i'm i'm going back now to the beginning when
when we drafted mark scheissele you know he was our first first ever draft pick with the jets and
you know seeing him and you're like okay you know i remember telling my wife like all right this
this kid's the real deal you know this is a guy that i can be really pumped about playing with
you know and then nikolai ehlers comes in and Jacob Truba and, you know,
Josh Morrissey, and then you hit the home run with Patrick Laine.
And then before you know it, you go from being like, okay,
I don't know what we're getting here to like,
just you have too much talent to even know what to do with.
So I think last year was,
was a great learning experience for our group because, you know,
we had, we had talent for days, you know, we could score goals for days, but we didn't really play the game,
you know, how you need to play it.
And I think this year we kind of figured out that, you know,
we can be really tough to play against if we play it the right way.
So I think we've tried to buy in that, you know,
if we're a better defensive team than we are an offensive team,
we're going to be a tough team to play against.
And I think that's what we bought into from day one and uh you know it's made
it made it a little bit more enjoyable going to the rink every day blake you mentioned patrick
line a um he's not even 20 yet i believe he turns 20 in two weeks i know you played with and against
some pretty talented goal scorers over the years uh but is patrick lining the best young sniper
you've seen in the league so far yeah his his shot is is better than  I mean, it's the best I've ever seen.
And obviously there's Ovi, and he's incredible too.
With Patty
It's so different because of how big he is.
Yeah, it is way different because I think Ovi's is like
it's like so  there's so much and like just raw power going into it.
And then when he hits it, it's like a little, like,
it almost looks like the puck's like a BB, you know, going to the net,
like you just kind of lose track of it and then it's the back of the net.
And Patty, you know,
he can have all day in the world and he'll shoot a wrist shot from outside
the top of the circles. And you'll kind of just be like, you know,
I stand on the other side of the power play from him,
and there's been times where I'm like, come on, Patty, what are you doing?
And then it's like, bing, and you're like, oh, all right, we'll take that one.
Blake, you know, there's some big changes with the Gophers this year
and the coaching staff.
What do you think about them bringing in Bob Motzko?
I think he's a great hire.
I mean, Bob, he recruited me.
Unfortunately, he left to go to St. Claude,
if I'm not mistaken, right before my freshman year.
So I didn't get a chance to work with him,
but just an awesome guy.
I mean, all the guys that had him before me,
just they rave about him.
And I think he's, you know, he's going to be a great fit.
You know, it's a pretty natural pick
to have him come fill in he's you know he made a great fit you know it's a pretty natural pick to have
him come fill in and um you know hopefully get us back to you know where we think we should be
so i don't want to get away from line a that quick because i need to talk about that beard
um what is that thing like can we talk about you guys i mean are you are you on board with this or
you everyone's just chirping them yeah all day i mean it's not but it's to the point where like you can only you know you can only trip the same thing so long before it's
just being a dead horse so um it kind of gets older after a while but yeah i mean when he when
he started it it was like all right maybe he just kind of like forgot to shave for a little bit
because he's you know he's 19 he can't grow a beard anyway um and then it just kept going and
then finally it was like all right man
like what's going on here and then he's not that with i think his cousin or something um he's so
finished he looks so finished yeah he looks yeah finished he looks like a couple different things
but he's they got they got a bet and i don't think it's for anything it's just like
this ongoing bet and so i mean this thing might not go away like it may never go away i don't know it's like indefinite blake
you mentioned a few minutes ago you know 31 years old you've been in the league for for 10 years now
uh kind of a two-parter what's the the best change in the nhl you've seen from since you
broke in and what's the worst change in the league since you've broken in well I love I love how fast the game is now you know I
think even as a fan um you know you watch the uh just just how fast every team is now you know you
have to be otherwise you don't have a chance um just how talented the young guys are now um
it's it's great I mean every every single night is a track meet and these guys are so talented
you know you see see what our young guys can do in practice,
and you're just like, man, you know,
if I was coming into the league at this time,
it'd be tough to crack it
because some of the things these guys can do.
And I think that's also what I don't like about the league
is that, you know, you've got to be in bed by, you know,
8.30 every night and have your green juice
so you can keep up to these guys because it's all video games and smoothies now.
Dealing with those millennials, huh?
Those millennials, I tell you what, yeah.
Those fucking millennials.
No, I'm the old guy with three kids, and I'm up at 6.30,
and most of my teammates are just going to bed putting their Fortnite down.
Okay, so Winnipeg gets a bad rep.
It just always has.
I don't think it's fair.
That rink, and it holds less people.
I mean, can you try to explain how crazy that is?
And I know the playoffs this year.
I'm sure you guys are just so fired up.
And are they going to continue the whiteout?
It hasn't been successful.
I'm wondering if there will be change uh everything that i i mean it's still really
white outside here so i think i think it's kind of it's going to stick around all indications
are we're going with the whiteout again um so yeah i mean it's our building is is really unique
it's it's you know so small and um you and it just kind of seems like the crowd's right on top of you.
Our guys love playing here.
I know it's probably going to be pretty tough to come into our building as an opponent.
We love it.
We embrace it.
Our fans, even when they make the playoffs and even the years, we've know, had tough years, you know, it's the same thing every night.
They're in there.
They're loud.
They love us, you know, probably as much as
I like to compare it to, like, how the Green Bay Packers are, you know,
how Green Bay is.
Are they all owners of the Jets, like the Packers,
those people who say they own, like, 0.1 of them?
They think they are.
They definitely think they are.
No, we got  yeah, they think they are. They definitely think they are. No, we got, we, yeah, they think they are.
Anyway, all the parents that got my kids off at school are like, you know, why didn't you
shoot that last night?
Well, I don't know.
I never shoot.
That's why.
But anyway, so they, they're great.
The people here are like as nice as people you can, you can find.
And that's, that's why it's funny.
Like you see, like, you know, my kids, like my kid's doctor and like you look up in the crowd he's got like his shirt
off like it's really off and he's face painted and then you know it's just such a small community
like that so that's that's that's what makes it fun you go to church and you see your priest with
his shirt off with like a big w painted on his chest you're like yeah he gives you the thumbs
up when you walk in like that, boy.
Blake, now, on the road, you know, there's lots of downtime with pro athletes,
as we talk about on the show.
Ryan fills us in on stuff he used to do.
What's your big time kill on the road?
Are you a big TV movie guy, card player?
Do you just take a siesta?
What do you do?
Well, I try to sleep as much as I can because, as I talked earlier, like I don't, I don't get much sleep at home.
You know,
we got the,
the three kids under five is,
uh,
it's tough.
I wouldn't recommend it,
but it's,
it's probably,
but it must be,
I have one,
uh,
four months and I like,
it's a gong show three under five.
Oh my God.
Okay.
Yeah.
Congrats.
Awesome.
You have one and it's like, man, my life is so different now.
And then you have two, and then you have three, and now you just come to it.
So you don't even, like, have a life anymore.
But, yeah, I try to sleep as much as I can.
And, you know, when I'm up, I like to go out to the hotel, honestly, like, you know,
try to find good spots to eat and, you know, hang out with the guys and stuff like that.
I can't just, you know, I can't go to New York guys and stuff like that. Um, I can't just, you know,
I can't go to New York city and just sit in my room all day, uh,
look at the walls, you know, I can do, I can do that anywhere. So, uh,
we kind of get out, you know, uh, hang out with each other.
We got a good group like that. Uh, we get,
we get a bunch of guys out and, uh, get to know each other a little bit.
Um, all right. So our boy goose for people who don't know,
Alex Goligoski defenseman in uh the
arizona coyotes team he tells me you are a golfer you enjoy golf you're a golf nut kind of like
myself so with the masters this will be coming out friday but what what's your picks what are
you thinking are you into the masters as much as i am like what's your what's your golf background
yeah i mean i've played golf uh forever you know i started playing when i was when i was
young uh four or five and uh yeah outside of hockey like that's kind of my my thing um used
to play a ton you know before uh before my guy louis lebrun you know six years ago i was out
there every day in the summer and don't play as much as i used to but now i'm starting to get him
out there with me too so uh so that's a blast's a blast, you know, starting out with him.
Um, and I think, I think I'm the same as everyone, man.
Like I would love to see Tiger, you know, just in the hunt on Sunday.
Like that would just make it, make it, make it awesome.
So, you know, our, our, like I said, our team's awesome.
We're going to get together on Sunday and, uh, and watch it together.
And, um, you know, fingers crossed, hopefully, hopefully Tiger can go on a run.
Well, I mean, that's just like, I think of think of uh being in edmonton and we'd have master's parties but we
were always like 45 points out of the playoff so you guys are getting together hopefully watching
tiger on the back nine sunday looking forward to a long playoff run that that i'm looking forward
to seeing as well so dude thank you so much for coming on and uh best of luck to us here we will
be watching for sure all right guys thanks for having me it was a blast thanks for coming on and best of luck to us here. We will be watching for sure. All right, guys. Thanks for having me. It was a blast.
Thanks for coming on, Blake. Much appreciated.
That interview was also brought to you by Omax.
Here on the Spitting Chicklets podcast, we often discuss ways to be healthy and happier.
So of course, when tons of studies have shown that something improves your health,
you want to talk about it. You probably heard about the many benefits of getting
your daily dose of omega-3s. I want to tell you about the purest way to get them with Omax 3 Ultra Pure, because if you're going to do something,
why not do it right? Omax Ultra Pure is the purest omega-3 supplement on the market,
containing nearly 94 high-quality omega-3s. It's the purest option. No fish perhaps. Not like you
just had a little Friday fish and chips. None of that. There are many omega-3s on the market,
but this is the purest, most concentrated one. It's optimal health made easy, tons of health benefits in just one
supplement. Omega-3s are amazing at alleviating joint pain and muscle soreness, and they make
you feel your best after a workout. They also improve your focus, memory, your cardiovascular
health, and more. It makes sense to take a daily omega-3 supplement. You've probably seen them at
the store, but so many of them don't contain enough omega-3s to give you results.
But Omax 3 Ultra Pure is almost 94 pure.
It's the purest on the market.
They even have this cool thing called the Freezer Test Challenge.
Basically, you freeze any other omega-3 supplement, it'll get cloudy.
That's all the fill-up.
But an Omax 3 soft gel remains clear.
It's that pure.
But it's not about how Omax 3 looks.
It's about how it makes you feel.
I try it.
I feel great, man.
Like I said, no fish brebs.
Last thing you want to be doing is talking to a lady.
Have fish on your breath.
Not good.
So you got to try it for yourself.
I've been on them every day.
I'm feeling great.
OMAX 3 comes with a 60-day money-back guarantee.
So you got plenty of time to try it and really feel the OMAX difference.
So go to tryomax.com slash chicklets today to get a box
of Omax 3 Ultra Pure for
free. That's tryomax.com
slash chicklets to get your free
box of Omax 3.
Tryomax.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Terms and conditions apply.
Thank you
very much to Blake Wheeler.
We could have chatted with him for quite a while.
Absolutely, man.
Yeah, real good guy.
It was funny seeing how three kids on the five, man.
I wonder why he sleeps on the plane all the time.
Oh, that is no joke.
I mean, Winnipeg, like I told them, they're fun to watch.
So I'm looking forward to seeing how that will go down and who they'll end up playing.
Them in Nashville in the second round, though, which I think should happen.
I'd be shocked if it doesn't.
It will be must-watch TV.
Unreal.
So thanks to Blake Wheeler.
We'll be watching out for him.
So it is Masters time.
We asked him about it at the end.
Did you lay any action down?
I didn't sprinkle the infield like I usually do.
My credit's okay.
Just like I said, I got waxed a little while. I'm sorting the wagon. I did bet the local Pazzialli, the Brockton firefighter. He's your buddy, I usually don't. My credit's okay. Just like I said, I got waxed a little while. I'm sort of in the wagon. I did
bet the local Parziale, the Brockton
firefighter. He's your buddy, I believe you said.
I've played golf with him a handful of times.
For people who don't know, Matt Parziale,
firefighter from
Brockton, Massachusetts. His dad
was a firefighter for 30 years, I believe,
in Brockton. Also, his dad's his caddy at the
Masters. He won the U.S. Mid-Am,
which is a tournament for the best
amateurs in the country. Actually, the world,
I mean. So, which
over 25 years old. So, basically, you get out
the kids who are studs in college golf
that are going to be pro golfers.
This is basically guys who work
for a living. And Matt Parziale played
college golf. He then played on the mini tours
with a couple PGA guys like
Keegan Bradley and John Curran.
And, dude, it's a grind.
I mean, professional golf is a dream case scenario if you're a top 50 player in the world.
It's the coolest job in the world.
I mean, if you ask a lot of people, you're traveling to the best places.
You're making millions without even hitting a shot.
But for guys who are grinding, dude, it's hard.
I mean, even guys on tour who aren't well-known, they're grinding for every dollar, every double bogey.
You can lose thousands of dollars.
So he gave it his best shot, but I realized in the end
that he wasn't going to do it, and he came back,
became a firefighter in Brockton, which for people who don't know,
I'd say a pretty rough town.
It's got some rough areas.
It's got some nice areas, but it's a rough town.
It has a rough reputation.
Home of Rocky Marciano and Marvin Hangler.
And Marvellous Marvin.
Did I say Hangler?
Sorry, I'll get you off the hook.
The Hamburglar?
He was great.
I'm hungry.
So, you know, he comes back.
He's doing that.
He's, I mean, firefighter.
What a profession, I mean.
And then, so I'll play.
I've always tried to play in, like, local amateur stuff.
Like the mass am.
I try to get in.
I haven't gotten in.
And he just dummies everyone.
So it's like, this kid is so good
and like at some point so he gets into the u.s mid-am two rounds of stroke play to get to match
play i think 32 or 64 guys get in match play he ends up winning the whole fucking thing winning
a trip to augusta you play in the masters if you're the u.s mid-am champion and i think people
who've seen the story i mean having a firefighter in the Masters is so cool.
It's been all over ESPN and the Golf Channel.
He played a practice round with Tiger Woods, who was his hero.
I mean, it's one of the cooler sports stories of the year.
Fallen right now, he's two over, I think, through six holes.
So it's just, I mean, who knows how he'll do.
I'm rooting for him because...
So he's going from probably playing presidents to fucking, you know, to Augusta, Georgia.
He's playing presidents at Quincy. He's won from probably playing presidents to fucking, you know, to Augusta, Georgia. He's playing presidents at Quincy.
He's won 19 tournaments.
He's like, all right, time for Augusta.
Yeah, it's incredible.
And on a personal level, my old man was a Boston Jake for 30 years.
How did they get the nickname Jake?
I don't know.
Just always been.
Firefighters are Jakes.
Yeah, firefighters are Jakes.
And it's funny that people say firemen.
And my father was like, no, firemen are guys who work on boilers.
We're firefighters.
It was never a gender thing.
Yeah, but if you say firemen, dude.
Yeah, people do say firemen.
A lot of them will correct it and say, yeah, firemen.
Really?
Yeah, a fireman is a guy who works on boilers and stuff.
I feel like if I called a firefighter a fireman, no one would correct me.
He's kind of a dick.
Yeah, maybe.
But what is it? If someone says I'm a fireman, you might think me. He's kind of a dick. Yeah, maybe. But what is it?
If someone says I'm a fireman, you might think they're a firefighter
and they'll say, no, I work on boilers.
It's an actual profession, a fireman.
Oh, that's what we're called.
We're working on boilers. That's all. It's not like a
PC thing. It's nothing like that.
Technically, a fireman is a different actual
job. Well, good luck to him.
When you listen, he'll have his first round
played, but check it out. I hope he makes the cut. Anyways, good luck to him. Good luck to him, yeah. If you listen, he'll have his first round played, but check it out. I hope he makes the cut.
Anyways, we were talking beforehand.
One of my shops maxes at 100-1
for fucking whatever reason, so I threw a couple
bucks on the off chance he came through,
but I didn't do
the usual. Tiger 10-1, what do you think?
Yeah, I think this is going to build another
casino. I got this Rory feeling.
I don't know.
He can win the Grand Slam.
He's been here before.
He's had failures at Augusta.
That round, he won the Bay Hill, and he shot.
I think he was like 64 in the final round.
He was a machine.
So nobody's talked about him that much.
Same as Dustin Johnson.
So I have money on both those guys, matchups and to win.
I mean, I'm sprinkling way too much money all over the field, not just the infield.
This is ridiculous.
I got the warning track sprinkled.
I was just going to say,
I put way too much money on the Masters this year.
It's impossible not to.
There's so many good bets, though.
I took Dustin Johnson, Justin Thomas,
or Tiger Woods to win.
Then I took Justin Thomas top five,
and then I took Tiger Woods straight up to win.
What was that first one?
If one of those, one of three guys to win.
What were those odds?
That's plus 350.
If one of those three guys win?
Yeah.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I got no hole in one,
which there's been like 27 hole in ones
at the Masters, I think.
Pretty sure that's the number.
Right around there.
But yet, no hole in one was plus 120.
So I'm like, because this...
And then I realized the 16th hole on Sunday, they just set it up as a funnel.
So like, you know, you get it up on this ledge, it catches the ledge, and everything's just scared.
I think there was three on Sunday a couple years ago of the Masters.
So hopefully there's no hole in one.
Unless it's Parziale, that'd be cool.
I'd forfeit my money for him to get that done.
But, you know, Sunday should be sick. Tiger right now, even par through four. This is a good podcast. one unless it's Parziale that'd be cool I'd forfeit my money for him to get that done but you
know Sunday should be
sick Tiger right now
even par through four
this is good podcast
so this will be
yeah you'll know
how we were feeling
when he just made a
bogey on four
fucking Tiger
we were talking
about the Sedins
another milestone
was reached last
night barring
anything unforeseen
Roberto Luongo
got it played in
his 1000th game
only the third goalie
to play a thousand
games I mean that's that's pretty in his 1,000th game. Only the third goalie to play 1,000 games.
I mean, that's pretty fucking impressive.
Is that 1,000 starts?
That's a good question because I don't know how many of those reliefs it said.
I think it probably is because goalies get games played for not starting.
No, you get a games played if you go in relief.
If a goalie shows up in a game, that goes as a game.
No, even if they back up, they get a games played.
Right, right.
Maybe not, actually.
No, you get a  it's not a  a GS is game started.
A GP is games played.
So, like, if you clean up for mop-up, dude, if your team's getting waxed,
you come in for the last five minutes of the third period.
Yeah, I'm saying what if you don't even come in?
No, that's not a game.
No, being on the  no, 1,000 games he's played in.
He's played in.
Last night was the 1,000th game he played in.
I'm not sure if he started 1,000, but it's 1,000th game.
The only other two guys to do it, Matty Brodeur and Patty Watt,
a couple of decent fellas. My dad's's a 1,000 game. The only other two guys to do it, Matty Brodeur and Paddy Watt, a couple of decent fellas.
My dad's such a
Luongo hater. He's just like, I can't believe
that guy.
Look at his stats.
Hate on him all you want. The guy's incredible.
He's one of the top goalies
stat-wise ever. He didn't win a Stanley Cup,
but he won a gold medal.
People kind of dog on him
and shit on him. He's still doing it. It feels like he's been doing it for 20 years. One mean, he won a gold medal, and it's just like people kind of dog on him and shit on him. And he's still doing it.
It feels like he's been doing it for 20 years.
And one thing, he's fucking hilarious.
I mean, I DM'd him to get him on here.
He didn't even respond.
He pigeon-tossed me.
I think he may not still like this.
Thanks, Roberto.
He might still be Scott from Boston.
Who knows?
I wasn't on the team.
That would be your fault.
Yeah, I'll eat that one.
I don't even think he knows what
I don't even know if he knows who we are, but he would be
and I also don't know if he'd be himself the way he is on Twitter in an interview.
He's just a funny bastard when he wants to be,
but he may just shut it down if we interviewed him.
Like that unreal goal from
was it Carlson to win the game in Vegas last week?
He went through his legs on San Jose.
Well, the one who retweeted that was like,
who was the fucking Blackhawks?
Scotty, what was his last name?
Scott Foster.
Oh, yeah.
He's like, Scott Foster would have had that one.
We almost forgot.
So did you see the people wanted me dead?
Oh.
I mean, sarcasm and Twitter do not mix.
Yeah, but it's like it's even beyond sarcasm it
was like parody almost like for me so the one that really got people mad i said this is a disaster
um scott foster's making every men's league player in the country think he can play in the nhl
how would you ever think i was being serious at that? And people are like, now you're backtracking.
I'm like, dude, I don't give...
I'm fucking around.
You think men's league players are sitting there like,
oh my God, I scored on Scott Foster.
I could be first line left wing with Kane.
The funny part is, dude, some guys really fucking think that.
Yeah, maybe those are the guys.
Grinelli's got something to throw.
Maybe it was all heroes in and Menzi going after me.
But for the record, that was one of the cooler stories of the season.
Unbelievable.
That was an amazing moment.
And he actually went in, and at the beginning I was like, all right.
I will admit I wanted an amazing save or a horrendous goal.
Something to be like, holy shit, this guy's in the game right now.
And then, dude, there's enough time where you're like,
all right, this guy is playing men's league.
He was at work all day.
He's an accountant.
And what the hell is going to happen?
And he looked fucking awesome.
I mean, even like I've been messing around with his rebound control.
That's what I say was really bad to idiots on Twitter when I troll them.
And his rebound control was awesome. He didn't let up any rebounds. He looked like a NHL goalie. It's what I say was really bad to idiots on Twitter when I troll them. And his rebound control was awesome. He didn't
let up any rebounds. He looked like a
NHL goalie. It's funny.
I was telling either my mother or my wife
during the week about it. And I'm like, there's really
no other major sport where that
could happen, where the fucking circumstances
are such that you can't get a fucking goalie
in time to play in the game.
There's no other sport. Really? Like, who else plays
a cup? Actually, Parziale hurt his ankle, Wick.
Can you play the first round at the Masters for him, please?
Yeah, he celebrated too much.
Brunelli, I want to hop in.
Brady busted his knee.
We'll play with you at quarterback.
It's not even realistic.
I mean, a kid lives out a dream that, you know,
you don't go to work that day thinking it's going to happen.
Now, you know, they all have short lists of guys they call,
but for the circumstances, you know,
obviously your minor league team has to be too far away.
But, dude, he made seven saves out of seven shots
on the fucking Winnipeg Jets.
I was laughing.
I actually laughed out loud when he's like,
well, yeah, I mean, but I'll be able to tell my friends
that I had 30 saves in a 1-0 shutout win.
The guy was, like, good with the media after.
He had the towel draped over his neck.
So that was a cool story.
And you're a complete fucking moron if you thought
I was being serious shitting on him.
But, I mean,
that's Twitter for you.
Exactly. So, what else is up
this weekend? I got the Masters. I'm not moving.
Hey, boys, before we wrap up,
I just want to talk to you about this new wallet I got
from The Ridge.
I know I got waxed by the book a couple weeks ago, but I still need The Ridge.
It's a minimalist front pocket wallet that helps you reevaluate your everyday carry.
Launched by a father-son team and funded on Kickstarter in 2013 to the tune of 266,000,
The Ridge now resides in the pockets of over a quarter million men and women.
The RFID blocking wallet is made by two metal plates,
either titanium, carbon fiber, or aluminum,
bound together by a durable elastic band.
Now, guys, you know, Mike E. Witts, you get older,
you start adding more and more stuff to your wallet.
Before you know it, you're looking like George Costanza, right?
I mean, you really need to be carrying your Social Security card around in this day and age.
Probably the worst thing you could do, actually, if you get pickpocketed, boom,
someone's going to thief your identity. But the Ridge is great because it fits in your front pocket, man. I see people on the train with their wallet in the back pocket just
begging to get pickpocketed. No one's going to pickpocket you with the Ridge. Pickpocket you
with the Ridge because it's tiny. It goes right in your front pocket. It's so sleek. It's got two
metal plates bound together by an elastic band. It looks nothing like a traditional wallet. It's great.
So try it out.
A Ridge is a minimal front pocket wallet designed to let you ditch your bulky wallet.
It's slim, RFID blocking, and lifetime guaranteed.
It's the last wallet you'll ever buy.
It comes in titanium, carbon fiber, aluminum, or polycarbonate in over a dozen different styles and colors. Get 10 off today with free worldwide
shipping by going to RidgeWallet.com and using the promo code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Ditch your bulky wallet today and get the Ridge at RidgeWallet.com.
All right, we'll move on. Entertainment. Dude, HBO is absolutely killing it this month. I know
I mentioned it last week. Oh, by the way, I fucked up last week. Nobody called me out on it, but I'm going to self-confess.
I conflated my two HBO two-part documentaries.
Jimmy Iovine had a...
He's looking at me like he wants to...
Remember when I talked about the documentaries last week,
the Gary Shandling one?
Yeah, that one.
You don't give a fuck.
I basically fucked up one of the facts in it.
But Joe Paterno movies on Saturday night starring Al Pacino.
I know it's a terrible topic,
but I mean,
he's arguably the greatest actor of the last 40 years.
And he turns in,
I guess,
which has been said to be a terrific performance.
And,
you know,
kind of how Joe Paterno was kind of,
you know,
complicitly guilty.
Even he was basically was,
seems like he was in denial about what was going on,
but I,
that's on Saturday night.
Again,
rough topic,
but you get to see Al Pacino.
And then Tuesday night, HBO's Andre, the giant documentary finally fucking drops yeah i just want to see
the guy i want to see a bud light can in his hand because i've seen a picture i want to see the
video it looks like a mini might mighty might but of all my celebrity writers bud light i fought
meeting him when i was a kid there was nothing like Meeting Andre the Giant You met him? Oh yeah dude
Back when the wrestling
Came over for dinner?
Yeah he came over for dinner
Yeah he sat right there
No after the wrestling
At the old Boston Garden
Like this was
Before everything was all corporate
You know my neighbor
Sold popcorn
And you could legit be like
Hey my neighbors are here
Leave them alone
And the security guy
Would leave you there for two hours
So as all the wrestlers came
To get their rides
And go down the elevator
You would just sit there
And get pictures and autographs.
And he was nice to everyone?
Always, always stopped.
Yep, dude.
He fucking, he signed, I remember he signed like a dollar bill for us one time.
So what was his height?
Is he seven feet?
He had to be, he was definitely seven feet.
I actually got a picture up here I can pull out, tweet out from when I'm a little kid
standing right next to him.
But it was just like amazing.
You're like a little kid and here comes fucking Andre the Giant.
One time he caught one.
I remember he got cut up that night from big john set seven four
is what they have he was seven four seven four i thought he was like 6 11 like 400 he may have
well have been that's the thing about andre and i think they get into it in the dark they always
exaggerated his height and weight and shit but i mean he was a living legend it was the one time
hilarious though my uncle was a spaz do you was the one time hilarious though. My uncle was a spaz. Dude, remember the Kodak disc camera?
Like it was the easiest camera in the world to use.
And I was like, Mitch, me and my
brother sitting there posing with Andre and my uncle
you're supposed to hold the thing like this.
He holds it sideways. He's like, where do I look?
And Andre had to leave. He's like, I got to go.
And fucking you. I'm like, you asshole.
You're this moron. Can't figure out camera.
Fucking dog. He would have been the greatest pitcher ever.
So yeah, Andre, that's on Tuesday. I'll check that out.
Tuesday night.
Oh, then.
So we're going to probably release a show for playoff preview once we get the seeds for next week.
I'm actually going to Pinehurst Wednesday.
A little golf trip with the boys, Ryder Cup.
So we should hopefully get the win.
We will get the win.
But I'm looking forward to that.
So maybe we get an early recording in and we can drop it right before the playoffs start.
So maybe we'll see how we'll see.
Yeah, we got a lot of balls up in the air right now.
Yeah, we got some news coming.
We got some news coming.
Yeah, we'll share when we're ready.
We have to figure it all out between ourselves before we tell everyone else, right?
Yeah, pretty much.
Yeah, we're just crossing the T's and dot nines.
All right, well, I'm ready to go home and just get on the couch.
Yeah, I'm ready to take a quick cat nap and go to fucking work.
Suck it.
Shoot me.
All right, boys.
Great episode.
Have a great weekend, folks.
I want to love you and treat you right.
I want to love you every day and every night
We'll be together
With the roof right over our heads
We'll share the shelter
Of my single bed
We'll share the same room
Put your front bottom bread We'll share the same room.
