Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. in the world, and it's the only one we recommend to our listeners. MyBookie.ag offers all kinds of wages, not only on the playoffs,
Major League Baseball, basketball, golf, anything you want, we got it.
And you got light and fast payouts.
You can even create your own player prop wages using their prop machine.
You heard that right, your own matchups and wages on a prop machine.
Insane.
So check them out now and use the promo code SPIT for 50 bonus when you deposit.
I'd only recommend the website to listeners that's been good to me,
and my bookie's been great to me.
Insane, fast payouts, the only place you want to go.
They got every sport, every league, every option.
Fantastic.
In addition to that, you got casino games like blackjack, roulette, craps, and slots.
My bookie.ag has it all.
My bookie.ag has it all.
Not to mention you can play all the games on your cell phone, iPad, or tablet.
Totally up to you.
You can literally play from anywhere.
You play, you win, you get paid.
So if you want to get on the action this summer, go to MyBookie.ag now
and sign up with them using promo code SPIT
to ensure that you're eligible for all of our future promotions and bonuses.
Visit Las Vegas from your couch and try them out today.
Once again, that's mybookie.ag.
Use the promo code SPIT.
This podcast is also brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simpler way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift, or
searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite team, SeatGeek helps you find the
best seats at the best prices.
Fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year, and SeatGeek will
get you closer to the action for a great value.
I get the SeatGeek app on my phone, and it's by far the easiest way I find to shop for
tickets.
I can be anywhere, just a few taps, bing, I can find seats.
I actually just used SeatGeek to get tickets for my sister for Pink at the Garden the other night.
She got great seats, loved it.
She put the app on her phone herself, now she doesn't have to bother me anymore.
SeatGeek's designed to make your ticket buying experience easier than ever.
It saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prices and find deals.
You get the most bang for your buck.
SeatGeek grades every ticket based on value.
So if you're in a certain budget, boom, you're looking there.
Plus, every purchase is fully guaranteed.
You can shop for tickets with confidence.
No BS outside the garden with dirtbag scalpers.
Make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals
on every type of ticket from sports and concerts
to comedy in theater.
Best of all, our listeners get 20 off
their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter promo code HUCKY today.
That's promo code HUCKY for 20 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone. Hello everybody, welcome to our episode
I gotta go Jake Dabrowski, I know he's new in town
But of Spittin' Chipmuts, brought to you by Boston Sports.
You gonna tell them the number? People don't know, 74. We got special guest Paul Bissonnette with us today, what up Biz?
Hey, hey, hey.
It's producer Mikey Grinelli here.
Hello boys.
How are you Mikey?
I am well, boys. So, guys, this is a little bit different of an episode this week. I think everyone's well aware that the hockey world and Humboldt's, you know,
suffered a horrific tragedy, an unthinkable tragedy this past week in a bus crash in Saskatchewan.
And I know, you know, personally, I woke up.
I don't know.
It was in the middle of the night, and I just kind of checked Twitter standard and saw what was going on.
I saw a tweet from Darren Dreger that said, it had already been said what had happened,
and he said something to the extent of they're fearing that it's an awful situation.
You could tell from the sense of his tweet, I don't remember exactly what it said that this was going to be awful news uh and then as it came out um I know myself I just
I couldn't believe it I was uh I was so upset it was it was it hit it hit so close to home for for
so many people I think um that that not only played hockey but played any sport and the times
you spend on buses and the times you spend with your closest friends,
your family for the season.
And I think of so many guys I know that played in Western Canada,
and I know the bus rides are long in the OHL and the Quebec League and the USHL,
but Western Canada I feel is just kind of thought of as just,
oh my God, the bus trips these kids take in the WHL, the Alberta League, Saskatchewan League.
And to actually
have that happen, it broke my heart. And I can't even believe it's still saying it now. And it's
been such an upsetting time where you think about it for five minutes and you're so emotional. And
for me, you know, it was just a horrible, horrible thing that I hope never happens again. And,
you know, Biz, I know for you, a guy who rode a lot of buses,
were you able to deal with it okay?
Or how's it gone hearing the news for you?
Well, I also heard it from Darren Drager on Twitter.
And at the time, I really didn't know, like, what the severity was of it.
And, you know, the minute he tweeted, I was kind of glued to my phone,
like every 15, 20, I kept checking Twitter.
As I was going to bed, I read the tweet that you're probably referring to,
the Jaron Dreger one, where he said there's going to be mass casualties.
That really shook me up.
Throughout the whole night, I kept waking up and just checking Twitter.
Obviously, in the morning, we found out the severity of how many kids had passed away,
and coaches, and the media guy.
Like you said, I think that the initial feeling was shock.
I was proud of how the hockey community in Canada reacted.
It was crazy.
It gives you goosebumps to think of how well everyone came together
and the support they've shown.
You know, once the shock wore off, I actually,
we do something called Uber Three Keys before the Coyotes games,
and we just talk about the game.
But obviously I just dedicated that to talking about it,
and I'd written just something, you know, like condolences and wanted to mention the first responders and the hockey community.
But I lost it.
I started bawling.
I couldn't stop crying.
I could barely get it out.
And that's when it just kind of all came to the forefront for me.
And, you know, yes, I lost it.
And I needed a good cry like that.
And, you know, yes, I lost it, and I needed a good cry like that. And, you know, it's horrible.
And, you know, Colby Armstrong went on Hockey Night in Canada with Ron McLean,
and Armie is, I mean, he's not just a funny guy.
He's just a really good person, a great man.
And his mom taught, you know, figure skating.
Armie skated in that rink when he was young.
And just to see the Humboldt Broncos sign and to know that team,
it was, like you said, just to sit there and just cry over that,
it was just horrible, and we'll never forget it.
And we do want to mention Logan Boulay, who was on the team,
and he passed away.
He was an avid Barstool Sports and Spittin' Chicklets listener.
And that means a lot, you know,
because that means we were, you know,
helping him through some long bus rides.
And that's someone who signed his organ donor card right before, you know, he passed away.
And so he has six organs.
His father said that even in passing, he's going to be a hero.
So for us, you know, rest in peace.
And it's hard to do this episode, you know, right now,
just because it's a different episode and we're doing a playoff preview but uh we'd be
remiss if that wasn't brought up because of how close the hockey community is and how much it did
break our hearts so rest in peace to all those kids and as we move forward this episode it's a
little different but we'll you know we're gonna we're gonna make it into humor is what we try to
do so to echo what both you said because i was a mess all weekend i'm not
gonna lie and the ironic part is i don't have kids i didn't ride buses like that i think being a new
father honestly made it a little different i'm not and everyone everyone would be affected i think
that was for me like oh my god you know in my case i think obviously i'm a little bit older than you
guys and i think that just comes with age you just get a little soft when you get older and you
realize the sanctity of life and you just life when you have lost so many people.
When I woke up Sunday to the picture
you showed of Logan wearing our shirt, man,
I was gutted.
I was absolutely gutted because you're like, oh my god,
he listened to our show.
I thought all those guys listened to our show on the buses
and then that he can't anymore. It was crushing.
Then they mentioned
the organ donor thing. I lost
a good friend two years ago this week and he was an organ donor he saved yeah that's incredible so i was like
how many people listen to you guys on a weekly basis riding those buses to games and joking
around and it's crazy it was really you know and then and then it was i mean i was spent by the
weekend you know i was emotionally spent i like i said emotionally spent It brought back a flood of memories
From another friend of mine who passed
Yeah so
And we also
We also did get a bunch of DMs
On the Twitter
People who survived the crash actually DMed us
To thank us for what we were doing
And that was just like no way
It was such a Canadian thing to do
And I mean the best of Canada
Where they were thanking us for trying to help them, ease them through it.
And we were like, no, man, whatever we can do for you guys.
So it was definitely an overwhelming weekend.
And honestly, you know what helped?
The ironic part was going to the Bruins game.
It was like a nice escape.
And funny enough, there was a kid from Germany sitting next to me who had pitches of wits from Russia.
So we were able to have a laugh later that night.
Yeah, those are some ugly pictures.
Those are some ugly days in my life.
Think back to the Russia days.
My beard was gray and red, and I was thinking disgusting, horrible thoughts as I was in Russia.
So those pictures were not a good side of me.
But still, that's ironic that that dude was just randomly sitting next to you.
Pretty funny.
Mind you, the Bruins, we're going to get into the series in a second, but what a horrific loss.
And if they go on to lose to Toronto, that was horrible.
If you're a Bruins fan, you've got to win that game against Florida
to win the division, play Jersey instead of Tampa.
But, I'm sorry, instead of Toronto.
But going forward, okay, we have the series.
We have the series coming up.
We have all the lines pulled out here.
I'm glad we're actually getting this episode out the morning that the playoffs start.
Everyone can maybe get their bets in before the games start at night.
Do you want to start West or East?
Let's go West.
All right.
West.
West.
All right, Biz.
So the first series.
And what I'm going to do is we're not going by seeds or anything.
We're actually just going to go in order of the games being played first.
So tomorrow night, the first game, Minnesota Wild, Winnipeg Jets.
We got the Jets
at minus 175, the Minnesota Wild at plus 155 for the series line. Interesting. I thought Winnipeg
would be a little lower. I think what happened is Minnesota Wild lost Ryan Suter for the year.
Immediately, that makes the line go up. And that's the main reason, we'll go into a little
bit more, that's the main reason with Suter being out and the Winnipeg forwards,
I think Winnipeg wins this easy.
I don't think it's that long of a series, and if it is, I still think Winnipeg pulls it out.
I would agree. I would say five or six games, I think Winnipeg does it.
My reasoning is because Suter out for the season,
I think that people forget how forwards react to defenseman's tendencies
and the way they go back and pick up pucks and how they break guys out.
And when you're losing a guy who's playing 30 a night,
that's a lot of rhythm outside of your game and your system.
So I can't see them recovering from that.
Now quickly, Rear Admiral, you have your site up next to me.
He actually has Winnipeg at minus 220 and Winnipeg plus 170.
So I'm going to get on that because my site's great right now.
I'm happy about that.
So I'm going to run on that.
But, oh, dude, I was reading the fucking game lines.
That's game one.
Oh, shit.
That sucks.
Got to bring the fucking wise guy in to show you how to read the lines over here.
What a mutt I am.
That's why I'm a Muppet mush pigeon.
What a joke.
Hey, guys, I'm not going to lie.
I'm not a gambler, so everything you guys said was like Chinese to me.
So you guys can say whatever you want.
I'll believe you.
It's like when Wayne's speaking Cantonese.
So you give us the NHL breakdown.
I'll go in there with you, and we'll do the gambling part for the degenerates out there.
Well, Jets, I mean,
like you said, it's the forwards
and it's also the fact that
Winnipeg's home ice advantage is
sick. And Minnie's is good too, but nothing
like Winnipeg. I just think that this
series, they're just overmatched offensively.
Like, the Wild cannot score with
the Jets. Yeah, I mean, it's kind of
ironic too. I keep using that fucking word today
for some reason. Devin Dubnik
versus Blake Wheeler, our last two guests going head
to head in the first round.
Yeah, Winnipeg, man, it just got way too much
offense. Connor Hellebuck had an outstanding
season. I mean, he broke the record for American
goalies for wins, I believe. 44 wins.
He broke Tom Barrasso's
record. Oh, Tom Barrasso out of
Acton-Boxborough High School in Massachusetts.
You know that? I saw his last high school game
with the old guy.
Dude, he came right out of high school hockey and won
I think the Vesna Trophy and the Rookie of the Year.
I was at his last game with the guy.
Imagine that kid now. Imagine how
fucked up he'd be all summer.
You guys hit the max for pumping
your own tires.
Rear said our last two reoccurring guests
and then you mentioned a mask guy,
so we're getting out of control here.
Uh-oh.
No, actually, they were first-timers.
I think you and Kamiar, I think,
are only two reoccurring guests right now.
Really?
No.
Army?
Has Army been on twice?
I think a couple.
I know, because I know he likes to limit his appearances.
Yeah, Army wants to keep the people requesting more, not getting sick of it.
But Rear did mention the only question mark I have on Winnipeg is their new goalie,
their fresh playoff experience, Hellebuck.
True, because the playoffs, as the old cliche goes, the playoffs are a different animal.
They're a different animal base.
Different beast.
You know, the intensity steps up. I actually
wrote that yesterday.
That's such a line
like every radio host.
Hey, I don't know. This is a different pace.
R.A.'s writing notes?
No, he wrote a blog, he said.
I wrote a blog, guy. I'm still a blogger,
guy. Holy fuck.
Apparently you don't read my stuff, Biz.
Suck on that one,
all right?
Okay.
Also,
also,
I will say,
I will say the story
that actually,
about the old
cliche of playoff
hockey.
My dad,
I think I probably
told this before,
my dad took me to a
game,
it was Bruins
Canadiens,
game 7,
90,
first time the
Bruins beat them,
maybe 91.
I don't remember,
Bork had black toques
black like uh skate blades and I remember the Bruins won it was bananas and in the middle of
the game or the first period of game I said to him holy shit why don't they play like this all
the time because I'd never been to a playoff game he's like because they'd be dead by November
so they do step up the pace they do it's a. I mean, you cannot play the way that guys go in the playoffs throughout the year
or you'd be dead unless you're on serious drugs.
Like in Russia.
Yeah, unless you're on the Russian gas.
Yeah, exactly.
All right, so back to Winnipeg.
Yeah, I just don't see many competing with them offensively this year.
I think Hellebuck's the real deal.
The goaltenders probably wash out, but the Jets, too much offense, too much. No shooter hurts
Wild too much. I'm not going to bet them, though.
220 to make 100, just a
little too rich for my blood. I'm a cheapy
when it comes to landlines.
We do have to mention that
Eric Stahl,
I mean, what a year he's had.
So Minnesota, they won't go down
easy. I shouldn't have said if I did say it
would be a quick series.
I just think in the end, Winnipeg pulls it out.
Because they're not bad, and Dubnyk and Nett can win some games.
But just in the overall, this is why they play them.
This is why they're seven games.
Winnipeg pulls this out.
Now we will go into the next series that also starts Wednesday night.
We're looking at the Philadelphia Flyers versus my old club, the Pittsburgh Penguins.
I think everyone knows where I stand on this one.
Fuck Philadelphia.
That city drives me crazy.
Pittsburgh was 4-0 against them this year.
Pittsburgh, the only thing I would worry is back in 2012,
I think it was the series that Philly beat them.
It was an unbelievable high-scoring series.
But it's six years later.
Listen, Pittsburgh is a better team. I think it's going to be aoring series. But it's six years later. Pittsburgh is a better team.
I think it's going to be a good series.
Pittsburgh's minus 230, which is way too high. I'm not going to touch that series. I'm going to hammer
Winnipeg. That's what I also wanted to say. I'm going to hammer
Winnipeg gambling-wise.
I'm not touching the Penguins series. Minus 230
is too much because I think Philly has a chance.
But Pittsburgh, Crosby,
Malkin, Kessel, Letang, get
out of here. Beat it.
Even if this goes four games or seven games,
it should be probably one of the most entertaining series of the first round because these two teams, like I said,
everyone knows the Bruins and Canadians hate each other,
but I think Philly and Pittsburgh might hate each other
more than any other two cities in hockey.
Philly's got some good offense, though.
Voracek had them nasty air.
Giroux getting mentioned in MVP in some circles.
He should be.
I mean, they've been outstanding.
Couturier, Simmons.
Couturier.
Cuckoo, cuckoo, cuckoo.
Couturier.
Cuckoo, cuckoo.
Cuckoo, Mr. Robinson.
Ari's remix.
Playoff remix.
Cuckoo, cuckoo, baby doll.
So, yeah, I don't know, man.
I don't know if the Flyers are going to go with Elliott or Mrazek,
but whoever they start, they need their goalie to play like a number one
if they're going to steal this series because that's basically how they're going to do it.
Their offense isn't a problem.
Their defense is pretty good.
I think they're
Proverov.
Nasty player.
Yeah, I mean, you could make the case Flyers' defense is better than Pittsburgh's.
I think this is going to be a lot closer than people think.
I'm going to go Flyers in seven because why the fuck not?
Wow.
All right.
So right now, quickly, I'm going to say Winnipeg in six.
I'm going Pittsburgh in seven.
Those are my two picks.
Yeah, I got Winnipeg in six as well.
All right.
I'll go Winnipeg six.
That's when you know I'm a fucking NHL analyst.
Everyone just takes what I take.
That's when you know.
Biz, what do you got in Philly?
Well, to break it down,
people forget that Philly was on a 10-game losing streak at the start of the year.
Probably one of the better second-half teams in the whole league,
as well as Pittsburgh. I just get maybe a little weary of how much Philadelphia relies on those top two lines.
And maybe they might be a bit burnt out.
That's, I guess, my only question mark.
But other than that, it's just tough for me to root against Pittsburgh.
My only advice to Pitt would be don't
worry about
getting so involved physically because
you know Philly's going to try to bait them in like
they've done in the past and make it
the series essentially a gong show.
We've seen
the history on those
two teams meeting. I'm going to have
to pick Pittsburgh.
I'm going to have to pick Pittsburgh. I'm going to go Pittsburgh
in six.
Okay, so the issue is that their
offenses actually aren't that far off.
The only thing that you
say, Biz, that's so true is Philly has
two lines that can really score.
With Broussard, Pittsburgh
has three. The third
line has been Sherry with Broussard and Kessel for part of it.
I mean, that's not a third line.
Phil the Thrill, dude, he's an absolute superstar.
By the way, Grinnelli has the camera in my face.
He's starting to, like, record us more.
Like, I feel like I'm, like, back in New Jersey on set,
and then I should look in the camera and talk to the people at home
instead of talking into the microphone in R.A.'s ear and talk to you, Biz.
This camera's got me a little...
I thought Grinnelli was supposed to help us.
He's finding his inner fucking Francis Ford Coppola right now.
Yeah, Grinnelli's like squatting down,
looking like he's grinding on some chick at the Grand,
and he's videoing me up my nose.
You can see my nose hairs.
Biz, I'm trying to channel my inner sound guy.
Oh, yeah.
Sound guy getting in your face.
Boys, I don't really want to get into it,
but that's what makes Sidney Crosby so good.
He allows you to spread out your lineup
because he could take two AHL wingers and make it a relevant line.
Yeah, exactly.
He could take anyone.
Right.
He'll take on anyone, and people need to realize this guy is always...
He's like Tom Brady, and that's another mass shout-out for you guys.
He makes everyone around him better, and that's Sidney Crosby, and he's selfless.
So, alright, so Biz, honest to God, if you played this year, you had training camp with Pittsburgh,
and you had 82 healthy games, and your two torn ACLs felt good,
how many goals did you get on his wing?
You're getting every even strength shift of the season playing his wing
and maybe the occasional power play.
How many goals are you getting in the show this year?
I could probably get 12 to 15.
Oh, dude.
I was going to say 10 to 15.
That's exactly what I was going to say.
Two torn ACLs.
And a herniated disc in my back.
Yeah, from carrying Sid.
Let me ask you guys.
Pittsburgh, every team is probably very tired.
They just finished the season.
A lot of them finished playing a lot of games.
Do you think the Penguins are any more tired given that they had two extensive playoff runs?
Or do you think they're all equal right now?
Great point, Armin.
Great point.
It's solid.
That's a solid point.
I just think that, yeah, I mean,
I don't think Pittsburgh should win the Stanley Cup this year,
partly because of how they played and partly just three years in a row.
It's so much hockey.
I know it's like everyone just says it, but you're exhausted at some point.
And I just don't think that their team's as good.
Even though they have Letang back and they didn't last year, it's, like, bizarre.
But their record down the stretch was crazy.
After January 1, I mean, Pitt was one of the best teams in the league.
So they're tired.
Them being tired, I think, more affects them second round, end of second round, third round.
And then you get to the finals three years in a row, June hockey.
I mean, that's when you're like as g as malcolm said
the first year when i was on pittsburgh we went down 2-0 in detroit and he was like the mvp of
the year that league i don't know if that's for sure he was insane and all playoffs he was unreal
in the first two games like we got dominated and after he said like i'm very tired and like don
cherry ripped him i'm like gino how are you tired right now you're 20 we didn't it was the first
year he went to the finals he lost the first round last year.
Yeah, and then Don Sherry rips him.
Yeah, of course.
And he says his name wrong on purpose.
Anyway.
Anywho.
All right, next series.
We are moving on.
We are moving on.
Oh, boys.
The Medieval Times series.
The Los Angeles Kings versus the Las Vegas. Is it Golden Knights? Oh, boys. The Medieval Time Series.
The Los Angeles Kings versus the Las Vegas.
Is it Golden Knights?
Huh?
The Golden Knights.
Yeah, Golden Knights. You're going down.
Red Knights going down, down, down.
Oh, what's that from?
The cable guy.
Did you know what that was from, Vince?
You're going down, Red Knights.
Down, down, down.
I know the cable guy.
Red Knights going down.
I always use the Medieval Times dinner tournament reference.
But no word of a lie, in AHL my last year in Ontario,
they had two Medieval Times guys have a sore fight between periods
to keep the fans entertained.
And they were practicing before the game.
You know when the anthem singers are out there practicing and stuff?
They were out there hitting each other with swords
and stuff while I was taping my stick and I couldn't
believe my fucking eyes.
Yeah, they got one of those in Boston.
I've never taken pot in it though. I like
utensils.
That sounds more
like East Coast League than it does AHL.
That's pretty bad, dude.
The stuff they have to do in order to get people...
I know Providence, they have
18 different anthems so they can get all these
kids in there and impact the building.
They bring in the UN's kids.
You play Sunday
in Providence and you're like,
okay, it's a 3.30 game,
so obviously we're not starting until 4,
so let's keep our skates untied here on the bench.
Alright, well, into this series.
Okay, for me, I said before the year Vegas was going to suck.
I said that they were going to trade away all their good free agents and get draft picks.
That's how they were going to get good.
They made me look like an idiot.
It's happened before.
It'll happen again.
Then around Christmas time, when it became obvious that they're going to make the playoffs,
I said, they're going to lose in the first round.
They're going to lose in the first round when they
play against a team in a 4 out of 7
series and they have to match up against a superstar
in seeing that
they probably would have to. Anaheim, LA,
Getzlaff, Kopitar. And I'm
going on that. I'm riding the
Vegas hate.
I'm happy when they win,
but this series,
I just do not think
that they're going to beat LA. I think that
Dowdy is going to be on
Carlson or Neal. By the way,
William Carlson, we'll get into him talking about Vegas.
That's insane what that guy's doing.
But the Kings are
my team to knock off the Knights
just because I want to look smart in saying that all year Vegas would lose in the first round.
The reason I'm worried is because of Fleury.
If he gets hot, I'm fucked.
I mean, they could sweep him realistically if Vegas is playing sick and Fleury's feeling it.
The crowd's going to be insane.
Biz, you've been to a bunch of games that I haven't.
I want to get out there, actually.
So maybe if they win, we'll end up going there.
Biz, what do you think?
I'm on the Kings. I'll give my going there. Biz, what do you think? I'm on the Kings.
I'll give my reasons again after.
But what do you got?
I think it's going to be a good series.
I like how Vegas is very spread out.
And they've done it all year.
They have a very solid core.
They're fairly mobile.
You know, I get a little worried for the same reason
why I was worried about Philly.
They've just relied so heavily on
Kopitar, especially in the second half
of the season, so he might be a bit worn out.
The good news is, though, they've got
a fresh Jeff Carter who is
hot right now.
But it's
tough for me to
bet against LA, so I yeah, to bet against L.A.
So I'm going to say L.A. 7.
I think it should be a hell of a series, man.
L.A. just has so much experience.
I mean, Jonathan Quick's got a couple cups.
Dowdy, Andrzej Kopitar.
Brown.
Yeah, Dustin Brown, man.
Tight, Toffoli.
He's nasty.
Yeah, he tested off something this year. He had a hell of a year, Dustin Brown. And then, you know, like Whit, man. Tight, Toffoli. He's nasty. He tested off something this year.
He had a hell of a year, Dustin Brown.
And then, you know, like Whit said about the Knights, you got Marc-Andre Fleury.
I mean, he's a proven goaltender.
You know, he was lost in the wilderness for the playoffs a couple years there,
but I think he's certainly bounced back from that.
I mean, if he plays like the way we've seen him play in 08 and 09,
then this thing's going seven.
And it's just interesting.
You know, you've got the
Golden Knights just going to give you four lines nonstop.
They don't stop coming. They haven't stopped all year.
You wonder how much more they can amp it up
in the playoffs. We're certainly going to
see tomorrow, well, Wednesday
night. But I think the Kings, I think
the experience is going to be just
a little bit too much for them. John
Quick in the playoffs, we've seen it before. He can be
unbeatable.
I'm going to go Kings in seven on this one.
Shout out to the guys who are having the best week or two weeks in the Black Aces for the Los Angeles Kings.
Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me?
Biz, are you kidding me?
For people who don't know, Black.
They're going to be skating out IVs.
They're like, dude, pass me that IV.
I mean, who would have thought Vegas would have been favored,
not only in the playoffs, but favored in the first round?
I know they're a small favorite, minus 130, five and a half, six and a half.
Oh, yeah, so I'm betting that series.
I will be betting on L.A. that series.
So I've bet two of the three, and I'm picking L.A.
So wait, back to the Black Aces.
For people who don't know what a Black Ace
is, it's a guy that
is called up from the AHL if their
season's over. A bunch
of call-ups, actually. So when you're
AHL... My entire career.
When your AHL
season ends, you get
brought up. They bring seven, eight guys
at the most, probably. Depends on how far
you go. And those guys just skate.
They're never really around the team.
Like, they skate before or after.
Their skates are usually with one of the assistant coaches who plays three-on-three with them,
especially as it goes deeper into the playoffs and you know guys aren't going to play.
You really start just taking it as a workout.
And guys are going out.
I mean, listen, guys are going out and having a good time.
You know you're not playing?
I mean, I can't imagine the Peng Penguins black aces in Nashville last year.
I bet they're having a time and a half.
So the Kings guys in Vegas, that is going to be fun.
I wish I knew.
Do you know any black aces there, Biz?
Well, let's start off by saying in the first rounds, there's a lot of them.
And as it progresses, they dwindle down.
Yeah, they're like, go home, go home, buddy.
The first round and second round,
you got guys who know they're not going to be
even close to getting a sniff.
So then you got like a bunch of guys
who are, you know, chip in
and afford a table in Vegas together.
So yeah, that first round is going to be insane.
I would actually, I know I'm not a gambler,
but I would bet that there's an arrest
between one group of those black aces.
That would put my money on.
Wow, we might have to put a lineup for that one.
Dude, if we can't pick a series right, but we can pick an arrest right,
that's when you know we might have to change this whole premise of this podcast.
Black aces get a spin with a cup if the team wins.
Oh, you put your jersey and stuff on, which is somewhat new.
Not new in the last couple years, but I don't ever remember that.
Maybe I just didn't notice in the 90s, early 2000s.
Now, every single guy that's been with the team gets their jerseys on.
I'm always thinking if it's a game, though, where you put the jersey on,
then the team ties it up.
Actually, that happened.
I was in the game that that happened in Detroit.
Detroit had a minute left to win the Cup in Game 5, fucking talbot scored in pittsburgh and then we ended
up winning in triple overtime and all the detroit guys had to get undressed before they came in
after overtime because like you know they just fucking you know we just yeah exactly so that
actually yeah yeah i was actually in that game karma i'd be worried about getting i know i know
and so that's why it's like unless it it's like when LA won with Martinez scoring the goal
against the Rangers, there's no way guys were dressed in OT, I don't think, unless they
just hid in another room dressed.
Still, though, that's pretty cool to go out there and spin with it.
All right, so give me your picks, guys.
I'm Kings and 7.
I already gave Kings and 7. Oh, okay. Biz, did so give me your picks, guys. I'm Kings in seven. I already gave Kings in seven.
Oh, okay.
Biz, did you?
Kings in seven.
Yeah.
All right, we just caught each other in three series.
Should be a good one.
All right, next.
Devil's Lightning.
If you're a Bruins fan, you're pissed off hearing this one.
If you're a Lightning fan, you're happy you're not playing Toronto.
Tampa is at a minus 320 for the series, plus 255 the Devils are. I got to pick Tampa.
I will say the Devils beat them every game in the regular season, which you could say
like 82, does that matter? It's kind of weird that Tampa didn't beat them once. So the Devils,
I think they'll make it a series. I just think the depth of Tampa's is too much up front.
They have a second line with Johnson and Braden Point.
Palat's playing on the third line.
They got studs up front.
JT Miller's been a beast since he came from the Rangers to Tampa.
He's had a ton of points.
He's scored.
He's played really well, exactly what they expected.
Also, Vasilevsky, who had a good overall season,
really kind of struggled at the end of the year
when he said he got tired, talking about getting tired.
He said he was too tired.
He started struggling.
What's with those rushes?
Yeah, the rushes, they get tired.
But, I mean, who can blame them?
They're just honest people.
By the way, when they're at home,
they're skating like nine hours a day.
Here, practice is 40 minutes.
You should just be thanking God you're not at the KHL
skating twice a day around playoff season. But Tampa, I'm not touching this series. I might actually throw a little bit on Jersey
just because at plus 255, why wouldn't I? But Halsey, shout out my boy, could actually end up
winning the heart. It seemed like there was a chance he was going to win it and then he slowed
down for like four or five games and Jersey struggled, and then he just took off again to get him into the playoffs.
I think he's now definitely in your top three at the end of the year
with a chance to win it.
But is he going to be able to really carry it when he's going to have to play
against Victor Hedman?
He's going to have to play against Anton Straum in all series.
It's going to be tough.
Tampa starts at home where they're really good.
Great place to play, actually.
Great fans.
Opposite of the Florida Panthers.
So I'm on Tampa.
That's my pick.
I'm going Tampa in six.
I think the Devils are a pretty good value bet here.
Yeah, definitely.
Tampa's roughly a 12-15 favorite.
That's about plus 240, plus 250 on the Devils.
I'm sorry.
Tampa Bay, no Stamkos right now.
He didn't play at the end of the year.
There's some mystery surrounding his injury.
He might not be playing when this series kicks off.
That's a pretty huge loss for Tampa.
But it could be.
He's definitely not playing, right?
No, he's definitely not in or out one way or the other.
But he's battling something.
Exactly.
If he's playing, he's definitely not going to be 100.
Actually, there was a quote on the wire last night,
my body will never be 100 again.
That's a tough thing to hear from a kid who's 28 years old.
At least he's got 100 million in the bank.
But that does suck.
Not a big deal.
I mean, yeah, it does suck being 28.
I can barely walk now.
So, I don't know.
Honestly, this one is going to be a lot tighter than they think.
I don't know.
Jersey, they've been in playoff mode for a couple weeks now.
I think they're already kind of locked in that these games are a must win.
Playing the playoff games previous.
Yeah, I think it's just that they're already in that mentality.
Keith Kincaid has been their goalie.
He's kind of usurped the starting role from Corey Schneider.
Because he's a backup, he might have a little bit of a shorter leash with the coach.
But honestly, they're goalies.
They're nuts.
They could throw Schneider out there, and he could be playing like a number
one because that's just how goalies are.
I wouldn't be surprised if Jersey takes this the
distance. The way they're going,
Tampa, I know late in the
year, again, everyone was tired. Vasilevsky looked a little
tired, but I'm going to pull an upset.
I'll throw a couple of pesos on Jersey and say
Jersey in seven.
Touching on the fact that Boston
didn't win that game to win the division
is probably huge for tampa because if you're saying that that sam coast injuries nagging
him a little bit i think that playing new jersey is a series where you can probably rest him and
get him back to health so that's that right there that's a huge advantage to play in new jersey and
not to take anything away from them,
but I just think that Tampa's got so much steam.
People were worried because they faded off towards the end,
but coming from a guy who spent a season in the American League
on a team who won almost every game,
when you're in that lull before playoffs,
it's hard to find that motivation.
I mean, obviously Boston was all of a sudden now chasing their tails,
but I just think that Tampa's got too many weapons,
and once playoff time's around, they're going to ramp it up.
And going back to the goalie being honest about being tired,
I actually heard something where people,
when they're speaking their second language,
they don't know how to bullshit, essentially.
So they're just really truthful when they talk.
So that's probably why you keep hearing it from these Russians,
how they're just brutally honest and they're tired.
Is that the excuse French people have
when you see them at hotel lobbies and they're like,
the fuck is your problem? You're stupid.
You're stupid.
And they're like, oh, I don't know how to say it.
They're not stupid.
Yeah, they just don't have the energy and the
vocabulary to sugarcoat shit.
They're just like, you're a fucking moron.
You're a fucking moron.
Also, in that series, people don't really...
Devils fans, I think,
during the year, where the arena is,
it's not always the craziest atmosphere, but in the
playoffs, I think that'll be
a pretty awesome place to play. I think the Devils fans are fired up to be but in the playoffs, I think that'll be a pretty awesome place to play. I think the
Devils fans are fired up to be back in the playoffs.
That's not
going to be an easy place
for Tampa to play by any means, I don't think.
The Rock. New Jersey fans lead
the league in personalized jerseys.
Jerseys with their actual name on the
back of the jersey.
Wow, coming in with the facts.
That's a trash move, too.
If you do that, you're trash.
2000, 2001 cup.
I was at Brendan Byrne Arena.
This is one for you.
So my good friend's named Brendan Byrne.
And if you look at this kid's picture and the picture of the real Brendan Byrne, I'm going to show you this.
No shit, huh?
It'll blow your mind.
That's wild.
So, yeah, I walked in.
It was like, you know, obviously it's North Jersey,
so there's tons of guidos.
It was like, can I buy a vowel?
There's like 9 million of them on all these shirts in here.
But, yeah, it was a good atmosphere, man.
I know that they don't have a reputation probably of having a wild feeling,
but it's going to be wild in there, man.
All right, where'd you get that nugget?
Where'd you find that out?
The first line is Jersey.
From going to the Stanley Cup games.
I drove down in 2000 when Jersey played Dallas.
I drove down for the buddy to game two.
We bought tickets on the lot.
Ended up just going to Manhattan after for the night and then drove home.
And then 2001, I drove down, met another buddy down there,
got a ticket online or something, and went to a game there
and stayed the night and then came home.
It was the game plan.
No, R.A., I'm asking how you found out that nugget about the fact
that they have the most personalized jersey.
I think he's just making it up.
I don't know.
I'm explaining to you that I went to two.
Kind of like that story.
No, I'm explaining to you, Paul, I went to Stanley Cup games in New Jersey
and I saw the fans for myself.
That's what I'm saying.
He saw 10,000.
Oh, so it's not an actual stat.
You were just saying.
It's an R.A. stat.
Yeah, I went to the games.
I saw it.
Wow, this arena is full of people with their names on the back.
I've never seen this quite to this extent before.
Is it in the Guinness Book?
I don't know.
I thought you were actually giving me factual information.
I've been to 20-something arenas over the years,
and I've never seen anything close to a jersey.
That's what Gary Bettman actually is looking for the league
to release. Who has the most personalized
jerseys? It's a crazy thing
they're getting into. I gotta get on that.
Alright, that's four series down. We got
four to go in the first round, but first I need
to talk to you about
the Black Tux. For more than a year
now, I've been wearing the Black Tux to all of my
special events and weddings.
I've had a bunch of weddings to go to, a lot of speeches I've had to give.
I've looked phenomenal in the black tux.
The black tux never gets old to me because they always have new and exciting styles for my big event.
And by phenomenal, I'm a little overweight, but I still thought the black tux made me look good.
Whether you're going for a stylist-selected outfit or building a custom look,
the black tux has tons of new suits and tuxedos to choose from for your big spring
events. The Black Tux is always changing
up their looks, making it fun to try out different suits
and tuxedos. Even if you have your own suit,
switch it up with the Black Tux. It's always
a great idea. Plus, the Black
Tux free home try-on
Yes, that's true. Free home try-on lets you
see the fit and feel the quality
of your suit months before the event. After
ordering, your suit will arrive 14 days before the big event that you need it.
And remember how simple returns are.
Wear it, turn heads, not a big deal, then send it back three days after your event.
Shipping is free both ways.
To get 20 off your purchase, visit theblacktux.com slash chicklets.
That's theblacktux.com slash chicklets for 20 off your purchase.
The Black Tux premium rental suits and tuxedos delivered.
Wow.
How was that for a fucking ad read, Black Tux?
Holy shit.
I thought that was pretty good, actually.
I'm like breathing heavy.
Black Tux, where it's at.
Well, the first series we're going to after that, the toughest one to pick.
Can I comment on your read?
Yeah, you can.
I didn't realize it was an ad
until about halfway through.
Yeah, exactly.
That's when you know it's a good ad.
That just tells you
how organic it was
and I kind of want
one of those black tuxes now.
We can get your name personalized
on the back too if you want this.
Yeah, exactly.
All right, so
the toughest series, Maple Leafs, Bruins.
The Maple Leafs are the team that Tampa and Boston did not want to play.
The Bruins get stuck with them.
The Bruins are minus 155, plus 125 for the Leafs.
Oh, dude, this series, it's so evenly matched.
Anderson's been great.
Rask has been awesome.
Both teams' forwards are their strengths.
Their Ds aren't bad, but they're not as good as the forward units.
The Bruins have the top line in the league all year, I would say,
in Pasternak, Marchand, Bergeron.
Toronto has Matthews buzzing.
Kadri's turned into this super pest.
I think you're going to see some amazing Marshawn and Kadri battles this series.
I think they're going to go absolutely
fucking bananas on each other.
I also think that Marshawn has to be very careful.
He's going to be so fired up.
We've seen it.
We've talked how he can't keep his stick to himself.
They're going to be looking to make calls on him.
The Bruins...
God, I don't even want to go
first on this one. Who's your pick, Biz?
Well, I think both teams
have 330 goal scorers
this season. Toronto has them spread
out on three lines.
Boston has them on one.
I think that that Carlo injury
is a lot bigger
than people think. I think that that's going to be the demise of them.
There's so many weapons on Toronto up front that you need depth on D.
I'm going to have to pick Toronto on this one.
I don't like hearing Leafs fans get cocky online.
I would like Boston to pull this one out.
Mind you, Boston fans are just
as insane online.
But yeah, I'm going to have
to pick Toronto in
six.
I'm kind of leaning towards Toronto, too.
The Bruins always
struggle against Toronto. It just seems
like they dominate
so many teams, and in Toronto, they
never really dominate them.
I don't know.
What do you have?
I'm shocked.
I can't wait to hear what you have.
I pretty much know it.
But what is it?
The Bruins in two.
They're going to score so many goals that it's just they're going to call it.
They're going to call it.
No, dude, I mean, I don't have his numbers in front of me.
But Tuca Rask has pretty much owned the Maple Leafs over the last several seasons.
His numbers versus them are very impressive.
Yeah, I don't have them in front of me.
Let's hear them.
R.A. fact?
R.A. fact?
R.A. fact?
No, this is R.A. fact.
The numbers are unreal.
I don't have them in front of me, but they're unreal.
I'm telling you.
I read it.
He has.
He's had pretty good success against the Leafs, but they're tough, man.
Like you mentioned, they've got six 20-goal scorers.
Their offense is going to be tough to contain.
I don't think their offense is washed.
I mean, Toronto's probably got a little bit more pop than the Bruins,
but I think the Bruins' defense is better than Toronto's.
You know, Pittsburgh did show us last year.
Yeah, the Bruins' defense is better.
Pittsburgh did show us you don't need an all-star, really,
on your defense to win a cup if you have enough talent up front.
So, you know, Toronto could win with that D.
I just don't think it's strong.
We saw it with Pittsburgh.
Exactly. Exactly.
Yeah.
It's fun to find out what your voice really sounds like.
I already read that Rask stat watching when Harry met Sally at 530 this morning.
I have to work.
So, dude, so.
I'll have what she said.
Biz, Biz, if you, as a former player,
are you on board that Toronto gets calls at home?
Or no?
Oh, God.
I don't watch the East enough, so I can't comment on that.
But I will say this.
The Coyotes did play in Toronto this year, and yes,
they didn't get benefits of that, that's for sure.
I just remember, like, in Toronto this year, and yes, they didn't get benefit of the doubt, that's for sure. I just remember in Toronto and Montreal, and maybe it's such a kind of wives' tale almost,
but you're just always like, oh, they're out to get you,
and then the first penalty you get that's iffy in Toronto, it doesn't get one for a little while,
you're like, the refs are fucking us again in T.O., this is bullshit.
So, I mean, you've seen things earlier this year. The Bruins played a game there where they got
the Toronto scored the game winner
on a goal that a lot of people say shouldn't have counted.
There should have been goal interference.
Shout out to the referees this
time of year. I actually talked to a
ref who I said, good luck.
Are you looking forward to the playoffs
and making some exciting
goal interference, non-goal goal calls?
And they're just like, oh, dude, it's a grind.
You know, you don't know.
Nobody really knows.
So this will be probably a series where you get a couple goals like,
that shouldn't have counted.
What the fuck?
Somebody hit Tuca's elbow.
And then some Canadians are like, oh, what the fuck, eh?
Fucking Anderson, we got screened there and slashed by Marchand.
Call that shit back.
Yeah, yeah, that's true.
So what do you got?
I got the Leafs in seven.
I got the Leafs in seven.
I don't know what it is.
I have this weird feeling.
I'm blatantly rooting for the Bruins.
I'm not going to bet the series, even though it's just so close.
I have no clue.
So I'm leaning towards the Leafs.
I don't know why.
I just think that game that the Bruins lost against Florida
is going to just haunt them in that they were forced to play Toronto
in the first round.
So that's my pick.
I still haven't given mine.
Go ahead.
Sorry.
Yeah, Bruins 6-7 in the series, minus 140.
I think it's going to be a battle, man.
Defense is where it's going to be won and lost.
Bruins is just a little bit better. I think Freddy Hansen's a great goalie, number one, or lost. Bruins is just a little bit better. I think
Freddie Hansen's a great goalie, number one, but I think
Rask is just a little bit better. I think Rask
is feeling the heat. He knows
he needs to have a good run just to
change his career reputation
with some people. I got Bruins in
I'll say he's fucking six. I'll go
off the grid a little. Yeah, that's really off the grid for you.
Okay. Also
in a previous episode, I think one when
I was driving to Jersey, I said
that I was going to go 6-2 in the first round
picks. I completely take that back.
I wanted to remind everyone
there's no chance I'm going to go 6-2.
I have zero confidence. I think I was just
extra cocky that day or something.
Next series we're looking at.
The Columbus... Hey, but Witt,
touching on what you just said, though, that's a
good thing. Other than the
Tampa-New Jersey series, could the
NHL ask for more perfect lineups?
You've got Winnipeg and Minnesota right
near each other. You've got the Battle of Pennsylvania.
You've got Vegas and L.A.
Those are the three other ones we've covered so far.
We still have another Battle of California
in Anaheim and San Jose.
It's nuts.
It's actually perfect.
And also, even in Devil's Lightning, you could make a legitimate argument that they'll all go to seven,
which I think everyone wants.
I mean, the whole goal of every round of the Stanley Cup playoffs is just get us a seventh game.
And years you get like two or three, you're happy.
We could get five or six.
And honestly, some days the first round
is the best round of the playoffs.
I usually say the second round.
I think the second round is usually
the most entertaining two weeks of the
spring.
People might want to
slaughter me for this, but
I believe that the first round of NHL playoffs
is better than March Madness.
By a mile.
You think we're going to fucking disagree with you on this podcast?
You think Whitney's going to pick basketball?
And I might have the chance to win money in this first round,
let alone the NCAA basketball tournament.
Just going to the ATM, like, that's not a trip to Hawaii.
So, I mean, I'm more enjoying the NHL by far over March.
I'm more enjoying the first round of the NHL more than anything, pretty much.
So, the Masters, which we can talk about.
So, who are we moving on to now?
What?
Oh, next series.
We got Columbus at Washington.
This is interesting. This is, I mean, this is as much of a coin flip as there is, next series. We got Columbus at Washington. This is interesting.
I mean, this is as much of a coin flip as there is, I guess.
We just said that about Leafs-Bruins.
But I'll say this about the Capitals.
I think they're going to relish being the underdog.
And I'm not saying they're the underdog against Columbus,
but they're the underdog to get out of the East and to win the Stanley Cup.
And they've never really been like this. It was always they were the favorite president's trophy.
They dominated all year. What are they going to do? Well, now it's like nobody's expecting that
much, I don't think. And as a player, even though they're playing the game and you're not
trying to listen to media and what people are saying and the storylines around your team,
you hear it, you feel pressure. And so maybe this year it's a little bit different.
Unfortunately, they're playing a Columbus team who is as good as any team in the league the last 15, 20 games of the year, who are buzzing.
They love playing for Tortorella.
It seems like he's in that part of the stay there where they're loving him and he loves them.
And at some point it ends, but right now it's buzzing.
Seth Jones is a superstar on D.
And this series is just so, so close.
I think the Capitals, luckily they have home ice,
so that's going to be a big help.
They have that annoying, terrible horn.
But I do think Columbus is going to win this series.
I think that the Capitals, I wouldn't be surprised,
like we're saying in all of them.
I just like the Blue Jackets because of how good they've been the last 15 games.
Washington's been kind of flying under the radar all
year, and I got this
eerie feeling that it might be their year.
Might be OV's year?
What's that?
It might be OV's year?
I mean, every year
they just come out of the gate.
Everyone's talking about Walsh.
Everyone loves them. They're like, oh, they're going to kill everyone, blah, blah, blah.
But, I don't know. This year
no one's really talked about him that much.
Everybody's been talking about Tampa and Nashville.
This might be the year where
they don't have as much pressure as years past
and that might be beneficial to them.
The only question mark, though, is they have
a question mark in that too.
They've been having some goaltending issues, which
kind of, I mean,
that's not good because Bobrovsky, I mean, he's lights out.
I've seen him twice this year against the Coyotes,
and I think he shut us out both times.
That's my reason.
That's my reason for Columbus.
It's Bobrovsky.
And Grubauer's been good,
but they don't even know who they're going to be starting.
I think you start Hopi.
Right.
I think you start Hopi.
I mean, he's been your guy.
He's been great in the playoffs before.
He's never really been the issue for their losses.
But, yeah, I mean, dude, when you go into the playoffs with any sort of kind of question mark in net,
the guy lets in a soft one, the whole crowd's into it, the team's wondering, put in the other guy,
the other guy wants to play, and Pittsburgh somehow managed to
I mean, it wasn't really  it was more said that Murray was the starter the past two years.
But still, I mean, it's just kind of an annoying thing to have on your side.
And there's no way people don't kind of feel that energy of who's our number one.
Well, and going to the goalie thing,
I thought last year when they pulled out Fleury and put Murray in net,
I was in shock.
I would have stuck with Fleury based on what he was doing.
Because if Murray goes in net and lets in a softie, in that, I was in shock. I would have stuck with Fleury based on what he was doing.
If Murray goes in that and lets in a softie, all of a sudden
who's starting next game now?
Shit can really
go south quick and you're
going to get crucified as
a coach if you make the wrong call.
Mike Sullivan had some balls with that.
To me,
that's where coaches make their money,
when they have the balls to make decisions like that,
because that was going against the grain.
People were up in arms about that decision, and he was right.
Murray got in there, and he was healthy, and he was fresh,
and they did a great collective effort on helping him win that cup,
Fleury and Murray.
But I would say definitely start Holpe, and that's me,
because you don't want a controversy going in.
But I'm going to have to pick Walsh in sixth.
Yeah, I'm Columbus in sixth.
Just to jump on the goaltending thing, man,
I mean, I know Bobrovsky's been great in the regular season.
Coo, coo, coo, coo, Bobrovsky.
Spit it out, spit it out.
But have you guys, I'm guessing you just didn't look at his playoff numbers.
Dude, 3-10 in the playoffs with an 8-8-7 and a 3-6-3.
Hasn't had great teams in front of him.
Wow.
Hasn't had great teams in front of him going with.
Okay, you can say that, but I watched a couple of his series, man, and he was not, the last couple years,
he just was not a good playoff goalie.
Now, he can change that.
It can all change in one series.
But, you know, you've got to go with what I've seen.
Braden Holtby, he started his playoff career here in Boston six years ago,
and he's been pretty goddamn solid since.
He struggled a little bit last year, but his career playoff goaltender number is a 9-3-2 with a 2-0-0.
I think he's going to be a net. He's a proven commodity.
And even if he's, whatever, having some
issues and they go up Grubauer, I don't think it's
a huge drop-off. Just on the goaltender
alone, I would love to see Columbus move on.
I really would. I'd like to see newer
markets go on runs
like we saw at Nashville last year. Unfortunately,
I think the goaltender is
just too much of a discrepancy
come playoff time until Bob proves me wrong.
So I've got to go Caps in seven.
I'm sorry, Caps in six.
Hey, Whit, based off what I've heard from R.A. today,
he sounds like the one who should be on the NHL network
because he's just bringing all those stats.
No shit, dude.
I told you.
I told you he was watching Raiders of the Lost Ark at 430,
writing down stats.
He came prepared. So you guysiders of the Lost Ark at 4.30, writing down stats. He came prepared.
So you guys both have the caps in six.
I got the blue jackets in six.
And you're also capitals are minus 130.
Blue jackets are even in that series.
We got to go on.
We got to move on here.
Colorado Avalanche, what a run they went on without their number one goalie.
And Simonian spit it out, Varlamov.
He was injured. He's out for the year. Eric Johnson's out six weeks. You probably won't see it out, Varlamov. He was injured.
He's out for the year.
Eric Johnson's out six weeks.
You probably won't see him the rest of the year.
They got in.
They're playing the Nashville Predators.
My Stanley Cup pick.
I've said it here.
I'm saying it again.
Minus 475 Nashville.
This one's a no-brainer.
Nashville is just going to, I think, I think they could beat them in four or five.
I do.
I think they're so deep.
And the Avs have one line.
So, shut down McKinnon as hard as that may be. I think they could beat them in four or five. I do. I think they're so deep. And the Avs have one line.
So shut down McKinnon as hard as that may be.
Rontanen also.
Rontanen and McKinnon, if you can kind of shut those guys down,
they're the only way that the Preds could ever lose this series.
So it'll be up to the best group of four defensemen together.
And Matthias Ekholm, Ryan Ellis, Roman Yossi, and P.K. Subban is a top four, but all four probably playing around 25 minutes a game the entire playoffs.
They'll be used as a group to shut down
that top line, and I think after that
Nashville uses their depth up front and
wins this series pretty easy. I will not be betting
this series also because of the juice being so
ridiculous for Nashville, and I don't think
Colorado does have a chance to win this one.
Yeah, I just...
Something colossal
would have to happen for Nashvilleashville to lose the series
as far as injuries uh rat or sorry not rat renee's been ridiculous there's those top 4d
as collectively they get it done offensively too not only in their own end uh the the depth up
front as far as how balanced the scoring is and then adding tourists. Because I would say the one question mark they had last year going in
was depth at center ice.
And then they had the Johansson injury,
which pretty much smoked them in that final series.
And they probably still should have beat Pittsburgh
because they outplayed them.
So I think with that adding tourists and then having Fiala healthy too
because he went down to injury as well. He broke his femur. I think that's adding Taurus and then having Fiala healthy too because he went down to injury as well.
He broke his femur.
I think that's way too strong.
Yeah, and when we played against him this year when I was at Arizona,
he looked really good.
He's a very strength player,
but I just think that they have so many guys throughout the entire lineup
who can contribute.
And I want to say they had five guys up front that had 50 points.
Or maybe throughout their whole lineup.
Anyway, I got Nashville.
I'll be generous to Colorado.
I'll say Nashville in six.
I think it's going to be five.
Yeah, I mean, this line, I'm like an underdog chaser,
and I see a 350 and I get excited,
but I'm not even throwing anything on Colorado. I mean, an underdog chaser, and I see a.350, and I get excited, but I'm not even throwing anything
on Colorado. I mean, Nashville should
probably sweep them. I mean, their defense
is just the best in the league.
Like I said, Rene's too good. Colorado
missing their number one goalie.
I don't see them winning the game, to be honest with you.
I got Nashville in a sweep here.
Yeah, and will you bet it?
I mean, minus.475. No way.
No, fuck, I don't even like laying 140 on spreads.
That's why I'm an underdog chaser.
Cheap.
Cheap, cheap, cheap.
Yeah, 560 to make 100 isn't cheap.
It's foolish.
Fact.
Fact.
All right, so that series, I mean, you know, what are you going to say?
Should be a dumbing.
I don't even think I'm allowed to gamble because I'm associated with an NHL team.
Not a big deal.
Don't start.
Don't start. Don't, dude, don't start. That's all I wanted to say. I'd have a an NHL team. Not a big deal. Don't start. Don't start.
Dude, don't start. That's all I wanted to say.
I'd have a Maserati out front right now
if I didn't gamble. The only reason he said that was because he
could mention he's still a part of an NHL
club. He still flies on
private jets to city.
The final series.
This is a good one. Battle of
the California teams.
Not including LA. San Jose Sharks versus the California teams, not including L.A.
San Jose Sharks versus the Anaheim Ducks.
Now, Biz, I don't know if you know, Rear Admiral and myself have some cash on the Anaheim Ducks to win the Stanley Cup and also the Nashville Predators.
So naturally, I'm already going to be going Ducks.
I'm going to be picking on who I need to win.
I think this series is going to be great. And I will say, San Jose is the most,
not disrespected,
but the best team
that nobody talks about
in the NHL.
And I think it goes along the line
of the Washington Capitals
in a sense that
we'll talk about you
once you do it.
Every regular season,
you're good.
And you never win.
They went to the Cup Finals
against Pittsburgh,
but you never usually
got past the Western Conference.
And it's just, it just a great fan base.
It's an awesome place to play.
They pump that sick Metallica song when you're coming in the arena.
I don't know the name of it, but it's a banger.
And the place goes nuts.
And I think San Jose is like, I don't like that Anaheim's playing them first.
That's what I say.
The fact that I need Anaheim to win, I was really hoping they got somebody else.
But it's going to be a great series.
But I'm picking the Ducks in seven because I don't think that there is a player on San Jose as good as Ryan Getzeff.
Yeah, I kind of agree with Biz.
Yeah, we obviously got money on Anaheim, so we're going to pull for them.
Agree with what?
What did I say, Ari?
Agree with Biz.
Biz, all right.
We don't  yeah, we'll see in the future.
I'm all over the fucking road today.
But I'm agreeing with Whit.
I like the Ducks.
I feel like this is kind of a window for them still.
They got Getz, Laff, and Perry, those guys.
They're still in their prime, but how much longer are they going to be able to have an opportunity?
Is it their last window of that core unit?
Hot take.
That's a question.
Yeah.
And John Gibson, I've been impressed with him, man.
Beast.
He's been unbelievable for them.
I think he's injured for the first series here. No. I think Miller's going to be gone. Is he? Yeah. Okay. Wow. Yes. He's been unbelievable for them. I think he's injured for the first series here. I think Miller
is going to be gone. Is he?
Yeah. He's been hurt.
I knew he was
a little thinked up. Stay up to date, Witt.
Are you guys also aware that Cam Fowler
is injured? I did know that.
I'm just honestly not that
afraid of San Jose, to be honest with you.
I know they got to a cup a couple years ago.
They do got a solid team.
I don't know. I just think Anaheim's
hungrier, stronger, meaner, and
I got fucking 20-1 on them, so I'm going
Anaheim in seven.
I
am going to have to go against you guys.
You touched on it. I think they're
the most probably disrespected team
in the league for how good they are. I like
their depth.
They got some guys on their deeper lines who can contribute a little bit.
They got an X factor on the blue line in Brent Burns.
I think their goaltending is far superior, especially, I mean,
when's the last time Miller's had playoff experience,
although he has been playing decent?
Dude, there's a chance Gibson plays.
It says he practiced yesterday, which is Monday,
so it makes him a viable option for game one.
Oh, okay.
Well, we just played them at the end of the year last game.
Oh, and he was out?
Well, he was out, and they made it seem as if, though,
he wouldn't be back until probably late in the first round.
But, hey, maybe they're putting the Russian fuel in him,
and he's ready to go.
But I will have to pick San Jose on this one.
I'm going to pick them in seven.
I just like their makeup, and I think they can get it done.
Yeah, I mean, I think it's going to be a six series,
like we've said about a ton of these.
Logan Kutcher didn't really get talked about.
A little bit of a slow start.
He's been on fire.
Pavelski, a lot of slow starts.
There was a lot of slow starts at San Jose.
I don't think Brent Burns, he didn't score for even the first ten games.
I'm kind of thinking of a number, but he didn't score for quite a while.
So he ended up picking it up and getting his usual ridiculous amount of points
for being a defenseman.
And Witt, no one really talks about Kessler and how he's struggled this year
because apparently his hip's been really bugging him.
He had surgery in the offseason.
He was late to start the season.
I think he missed 20 games or whatever it was.
Probably came back early.
Dude, Biz, you know, how many times do guys come back early?
They just feel like the team needs me.
I don't want to lose my job.
I'm making all this money.
And I would say eight out of ten times guys come back before they really should
or ready completely to be back in NHL games.
Practice is one thing.
I mean, they ought to be ready to go.
And you've seen his offensive production decline big time.
I think he only had, like, I want to say 14 or 16 points this year,
eight goals.
So, I mean, I may be throwing off R.A. stats right now,
but we just covered them the other game.
I don't think he had more than 16 points this season.
He's making bank, too, for quite a while.
He's banged up, man.
I feel bad for him.
He plays hard.
He's a pest.
He's a great two-way center.
But I don't know.
I don't think he can get over the hump with that injury.
A lot of miles on him, too, man.
A lot of hard miles.
He's played the game hard, and it touches up with you.
Exactly.
He has a lot of surgeries, I think, too.
Yeah.
Not just, you know, he's got shoulder injuries and stuff.
That's one of those series.
We've got a couple of them here.
You know, you've got two teams with Stanley Cup aspirations,
and one of them is going to be out in the first round.
It's tough, man. It's going to be fun.
All right, that's going to wrap up our preview, but
we're going to send it out to Biz.
Before we get to some big news, I just want to talk to you
about dollarshaveclub.com for a second.
You know, guys, your bathroom probably gets
messy. It needs to get cleaned up. You got all kinds of
junk laying around, so freshen it up with the high-quality
products from Dollar Shave Club.
Members like myself, we get everything we need for our morning routine delivered right to our door.
DollarShaveClub.com. They deliver everything you need to look, feel, and smell your best.
It's more than just razors. It's more than just shopping in a store. They got razors,
shave butter, shampoo, body wash, toothpaste, everything. Everything you need to look,
smell, and feel your best. I get an amazing high quality shave on my dome every morning
from Dollar Shave Club's Executive Razor.
It's the best I've ever used,
and their Dr. Carver Shave Butter is fantastic as well.
It goes on clear so you can see where you're taking off.
And since Dollar Shave Club delivers everything to you,
you don't have to go in a store and deal with clerks and locks and keys
and all that stuff just to get razors.
None of it.
It comes right to your door.
Clean up your bathroom in your morning routine
with Dollar Shave Club's Daily Essentials Starter Set.
For just 5 with free shipping, you'll get the six-plate executive razor plus trial sizes of shave butter, body cleanser, and one-wipe chalice.
Then keep the blades coming for a few bucks a month.
Speaking of your next month, for a limited time only, use the code CHICKLETS at checkout to get 5 off your second month of the club.
That's code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, at dollarshaveclub.com to save 5 off your second month of the club. That's code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
at dollarshaveclub.com to save 5 on your second month.
Join the club today.
That is our playoff preview for the first round.
It's going to be a good one.
We actually, we're going to go up to Biz right now.
Biz, I think Biz has a little news.
Can you share to the listeners what you just told us?
Well, after discussing it with you three
and you guys getting your approval
and of course Barstool's approval,
I brought it towards the Coyotes
and I asked them if it was okay if I joined
the Spit and Chicklets podcast full-time
and they also
gave me the okay, so I think
that we're all in agreement that I will be joining
full-time starting in playoffs and continuing into next year where we plan on potentially making
this two episodes a week and bringing more bits and and fun content for all you hockey listeners
thanks for coming it's been a long long time since I first thought of this.
We, Biz, you know, this has just been like, this was almost a guarantee at some point.
You came on, you have the same sense of humor.
You're the Biz Nasty 2.0, I guess.
I like 1.0 better.
But, dude, we are pleased to have you on.
I think that not only do you bring a level of humor and a level of knowledge of hockey
and how to dump the puck in and fight people,
you also have a...
You're an idea guy. Listen, I'm not much of an idea
guy. I don't have the most creative mind.
You are an idea guy. You have a bunch of ideas
moving forward for this show.
We're hoping next year, yeah, we get into two
episodes a week. People have asked. We're going to
see how that can be done. It's definitely
looks like it'll be a possibility.
It's just a pleasure to have you on our squad,
dude. We finally have a goon.
R.A.'s soft. He needs someone
to defend him. Two things regarding R.A.
I'm a little intimidated after what
he brought today with all the stats and stuff.
Maybe I'll actually have to start reading those
stat packs they pass out at our
games. Number
two, I think it's a guarantee based off
last episode i was on we have to do a weekly segment on ra relationship advice because ra
i think you've patched things up for me and and and moving forward i mean this could be another
side hustle for you if you if you were here fucking two hours ago i'd be asking you for
advice yeah we came into an RA tilt with this old lady,
so we're not going to be...
I was giving him advice, and I don't know shit.
Jonathan Bouchard is starting to do what those guys walked in.
But no, hey, Biz, no, honestly, welcome to the show, man.
It's fucking great to have you.
I said the wits.
There's probably two or three people on the planet
we would actually extend this opportunity to,
and you were one of them, and we were happy to do it.
It was kind of a no-brainer.
Oh, fuck. Why'd you tell him he was our second pick, dude?
No, no, no. I didn't know.
No, he was the first of the couple people we would
bring in.
So go fetch us some fucking coffee and lunch now,
you rookie.
So, Biz, listen.
What do you think?
For the listeners, not just Biz.
So, Biz is going to Australia. That's fucking so sick, by the not just Biz. So Biz is going to Australia.
That's fucking so sick, by the way, Biz.
Are you just going to be getting after it out there?
What are you going to be doing?
Do they do 69s different down there?
Yeah, they flush the wrong way.
The toilet, I don't know, the axis of the earth and shit.
I don't know.
Don't ask me about science stuff.
But no, I'll be going there.
We work for the Olympic Network. And I don't know. Don't ask me about science stuff. But no, I'll be going there.
We work for the Olympic Network.
And I'm going to do some stuff.
And we're going to talk about playing the game in non-traditional places.
So hockey in Australia.
So when Biz gets home in about two weeks roughly, so for the second round, say,
we're going to be trying to definitely do two episodes a week.
And now whether it's, you know, if one of us can't make it,
we're still going to be getting on there.
So the playoffs is where you need to be.
You know, we can't be doing one a week in the playoffs.
We've got to be getting to people because something happens a week later.
It's not even relative anymore.
The series has ended.
So we'll be coming at you live from playoffs,
and then we'll do, you know, the summer will be a little different.
We're going to be lining up some interviews.
I think that, Biz, it's going to be great at how many connections you have. Also, whenever your documentary is out, people are going to love
to see this. That's kind of part of
our team now. Basically, Biz has kind of taken
over the ship here for me. You're the idea guy.
I'm the follow man. You can take
over as captain.
I think we've got a good squad. I think
it's well balanced and everyone brings their own
little dynamic.
What else did I have to say about this?
Yeah, hopefully we get out to some games, no?
Maybe a little live podcast somewhere?
Well, I'm hoping to maybe get out there for some live ones.
I guess Boston makes it past the first round, but they probably won't.
Sorry, Ari.
Fuck you.
Suck on that one, Ari.
All right, so what else do we have this week?
Oh, Grinnelli, didn't you want to say something?
Grinnelli is a college hockey guy, Biz, for Barstool Sports.
So he has some news, I guess.
There was a big game over the weekend in Minnesota Duluth, correct?
Won the national title?
Minnesota Duluth won the national title.
Did you call that?
No.
No, actually, all year, I basically said they didn't really have a chance.
You're feeling good here.
Yeah, I don't know how good of a college writer I am,
but, I mean, Minnesota Duluth came in.
They were the last at-large team to get in,
so they really didn't have a chance to win,
and they played their best hockey at the best time of the season,
and they killed it over Notre Dame, the number one team in the country.
We do have to give props, though, to Mikey for his blog Monday,
trashing that trash bag Steve Simmons up in Toronto.
Who is this guy?
He's a fucking loser writer in Toronto who everyone in the league hates.
He's the guy who lied and said Phil Kessel used to get two hot dogs every day.
Do you know who this is, Biz?
He's a writer in Toronto.
No one likes him.
Everyone in Toronto can't stand him.
And he made up the story about Phil Kessel and the hot dogs.
Everyone tried to investigate it.
There was no veracity to it.
And then he wrote this week
that Marc Savard,
after he left hockey,
as if he left voluntarily,
after he left hockey,
he didn't answer his phone.
So now he wants to get in media.
Well, nobody should answer
his calls.
Yeah, I ended up seeing it.
What a moron.
He's a fucking idiot.
He's gutless.
He's a piece of shit.
He was post-concussion syndrome.
The guy was borderline suicidal
and he's saying,
he didn't pick up his phone.
Now don't call him.
Just judge how much of an asshole he is.
Well, anyways, Grinnelli ripped them seven new assholes on Barstool Monday.
So props to Grinnelli.
Also, like, yeah, like, dude, you have post-concussion syndrome.
Like, you've heard people say they can't even be in rooms with lights in them.
They're, like, just sitting in dark rooms, and you're supposed to answer Steve Simmons' phone call?
Are you shitting me?
And it was well-known. He was, like, not well. I mean, everybody in the hockey shitting me? And it was well known. He was not well.
I mean, everybody in the hockey world was...
It was well known he was not well. Right. Everyone knew
Savard wasn't good and this guy's taking
shots out because he didn't answer his phone.
I mean, I'm assuming now the guy just
does it to try to piss people off.
He must. He succeeded this
week, but he pissed way too many people
off because it's a health issue.
Yeah, don't fuck with the mental health
issues that people have.
He does a lot
of stuff like that.
I question how miserable
this guy is.
He must be such a miserable prick.
Sometimes
you never really know someone's true
intentions. Sometimes some of these
writers just like to kick up dust and ruffle feathers
because that's what brings the attention in.
That's what gets the web clicks.
And it's like watching Skip Bayless every day.
People are fuck you in the television.
They don't agree with what he says, but the guy's making 20 sheets a year.
So there's a reason this guy still has a job.
It's because people keep hitting the link and reading
his columns. So I don't know. But to do
it in that regard,
the Savard thing was just,
oh, God, it was so stupid. The hot dog thing,
you can laugh at. The mental health
stuff, it's just avoided at all
costs. Yep. So, all right.
Well, fuck Steve Simmons. You're a Muppet.
Guys, before we wrap up, I just want to talk to you about
ZipRecruiter For a sec
Hey folks out there
If you're hiring
You know it's not an easy thing
Posting your position
You got to sit and wait
And wait for the right people
To find it
But if you use ZipRecruiter
They fix all your problems
ZipRecruiter knew
There was a smarter way
So they built a platform
That finds the right
Job candidates for you
ZipRecruiter learns
What you're looking for
Identifies people
With the right experience
And invites them
To apply to your job These invitations have revolutionized how to find
your next hire. In fact, 80 of employers who post a job on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate
through the site in just one day. The right candidates are out there. ZipRecruiter is how
you find them. Businesses of all sizes trust ZipRecruiter for their hiring needs. Right now,
our listeners can try ZipRecruiter for free.
That's right, free.
Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
All right, and that's our playoff preview.
That's our big news.
Our boy Biz is on board now.
I'm excited.
We're actually going to have to end this right now because I got places to go, things to do.
And so everyone, have a great first round of the playoffs.
We'll be speaking to you soon.
When Biz gets back from Australia, we'll really be running.
And thank you so much for listening.
And I hope you guys are excited about this news because we are fired.
We'll be right back. and I hope you guys are excited about this news because we are fired. Go Vodk.
