Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to a very special episode 75 of Spittin' Chicklets brought to you by Barstool Sports and Dollar Shave Club.
Due to popular demand in the playoffs, we decided to throw a little episode out your way today.
We're going to bring you Barstool Chief from Chicago, Nick Moraldo from the Hotland, Jordy from Philly, and our boy Fights from Boston living in New York.
So right now, we're going to go out to Chief. He's going to get us up to speed on the Western Conference
and what's going on out there.
Boys, how you doing? Thanks for having me.
Good. Big night last night, Chief.
Just to go over the scores real quick.
The Bruins spanked the Leafs 5-1.
Columbus, nice overtime comeback.
Seth Jones looking good.
You must have been sick off that Panarin goal.
Columbus won 4-3.
Tampa 5-2.
Jersey was close.
It was a close game.
They got an empty netter
uh nashville come back they woke up spank colorado and san jose pretty impressive
well three nothing victory over anaheim taylor hall and evander kane their first playoff goals
last night that's pretty wild huh yeah i think evander kane especially is fixing to get paid
so i've never been a big evander kane, but ever since he's been in San Jose,
he's been lights out,
a real difference maker for them.
So I kind of scoffed at that trade
when they made it.
And he's been phenomenal
and makes them probably a threat
to get to the Western Conference Finals.
So I really like San Jose.
And yeah, they kind of controlled that game.
It was never really in doubt.
But that's going to be a fun series
because they hate each other.
It's already nasty.
We already had Corey Perry kind of running the goalie and mucking things up
when the game was starting to get away from Anaheim last night.
So that's going to be fun for sure.
So I think San Jose probably in seven.
And, you know, buckle up.
Buckle up and get some coffee ready because all those late-night games
are going to be worth staying up for.
And then, yeah, like you said, I think Nashville woke up.
That crowd makes such a difference.
I know, Grinelli, you were talking about it last night on Twitter,
but it really is.
It's probably the only building like that, exactly like that in the league,
where they chant the whole game.
They're on their feet.
It's like a college game.
So it's a lot of fun.
It's a lot of fun watching Nashville games.
And, man, Phillip Fors what a what a player that to put the colorado away with a goal
like that last night it's just got to be such a such a punch in the gut who do you think was
feeling more regret last night um david poyle trading i mean i'm sorry who was yeah david was
it poyle who traded no it was uh mcphee, right? Yeah. Who was Kvamoros last night?
McPhee or Stan Bowman?
Sorry to bring up Panarin, but that was as nasty as Forsberg's goal.
Well, McPhee is still employed.
He's got a new job, and he's still in the playoffs.
So I think McPhee is probably feeling pretty good about his reputation right now.
He's probably GM of the year.
And Stan Bowman is sitting at home wondering where it all went wrong
and it might have all gone wrong with artemi panarin so because that was man he's so special
dude i i can't remember uh where i heard it but you know and i kind of paraphrase it last night
on twitter but it's like johnny goudreau patrick kane panarin and and like Kucherov. There's a very small group of players who can do things the way they do,
and they just gave them away.
So then they had Brandon Saad had 35 points the whole year,
and Panarin had 35 points in the last 22 games.
So he was lights out, and that was kind of the thing.
The Hawks were going to trade him because he wasn't a playoff player.
Incorrect, apparently, because he was unbelievable last night.
So, yeah, it was a good night of hockey.
I'm really enjoying the playoffs, even without the Blackhawks in it.
How many games, just to get up to speed,
in the Zem Kadri with a vicious hit on Tommy Wingles?
I mean, he boarded him, like jumped him.
It was just as dirty as they come.
This is the obligatory, what about Mashon?
You know, like everybody, that's the big, what about is on Twitter.
I'm like, Mashon didn't ram anybody's head into the boards last night.
How many games do you think he gets, Chief?
I mean, I don't know.
I kind of think he should, I would give him like five.
And I think that would be, that would be the end of the playoffs.
Like, I don't know.
That was as vicious and as dangerous as I've seen.
I couldn't believe it.
That was so bad.
You hate to bring up a Travis Roy thing, but that is a hit that you can't make
because you can ruin someone's life doing a hit like that.
I would throw the book at him big time.
I mean, what do you think?
How many games do you think he should get?
It's not a home thing.
If you watched all the networks last night,
everybody was all over that hit.
I mean, everybody was called disgusted.
I got to think he's probably got to get at least two, three games.
I mean, we saw one uh what's the
name dowdy got a game the other night for a shoot i hit with he actually hit the shoulder first but
i got to think at least three games because like you said that's just a a vicious hit that can
really really really really hurt a guy so uh go ahead i would i would go more than that personally
i i would go i would go minimum five games for a hit like that just because it is the most dangerous hit I think I've seen in a long time.
It's like Rafi Torres type shit.
So I would really throw the book at him.
You can't hit a guy, you know, he's bad enough he was down, but his back's to you,
and then you leave your feet to throw your ass into his head and really drive him into the boards.
Really, really gutless. The only thing is that maybe you throw him back in there
and let Chara go to work on him.
I mean, I don't know what you do, but I thought that was really, really bad.
Chief, I kind of want to stick with the Western Conference here
and look at the Jets-Wild series.
That was a real first.
The first game was pretty close, 3-2 game, Jets pulled it out.
Kyle, what are your thoughts on that series? I'm a big fan of this Jets team. Like
I really, really love this Jets team. I think they're loaded from front to back and they also
kind of have that crowd thing, not to Nashville's extent, but I mean, they still bring that, you
know, white out crowd, which is absolutely insane. So, you know, what are your kind of thoughts on
that series and in the Jets in particular?
The Jets are awesome.
And, you know, they've been kind of building this thing for a while.
We've seen it up close and personal.
And even, you know, two, three years ago when the Hawks were still a top team and Winnipeg was building, Winnipeg always gave us problems
because they had the fundamentals were there.
They had the young, fast guys.
They had enough talent on the back end.
And then now they really, you know, Hellebuck has stabilized their goal-tending.
That seemed to be like the final missing piece.
And they're awesome.
I really think, you know, people said that game was close.
And I know the score was close.
It wasn't that close, okay?
Winnipeg, to me, really controlled that game.
I think they might have doubled them up on shots like 40
to 20 or something like that and and um so i know the wild they're gonna have to be a counter
attacking team in that series but i i just think they're they're too they're too big they're too
fast like the winnipeg is really really good i kind of think that they're the only team in the
west that can beat nashville and uh i think they're gonna make make quick work in minnesota
five games maybe minnesota gets one at home.
I do think all the games will kind of resemble what we saw in game one
where it's really impossible to kind of blow out Minnesota
because Dubnik's good and they play that kind of defensive structure.
But I don't think Minnesota is really going to ever threaten
to make this a series.
I just think Winnipeg's too talented.
All right, Chief, you mentioned Corey Perry a couple minutes ago. I love when henipeg's too talented. All right, Chief.
You mentioned Corey Perry a couple minutes ago.
I love when he gets up to his bullshit at the end of games.
He's not going to win.
It's always him involved.
But did you see John Gibson put a little bit of the slippers to that?
I'm not sure what shock it was.
I didn't catch his name.
He actually ran Gibson.
And then when Gibson got up, he gave him a little bit of a boot to the head.
But, you know, it caught his pat.
It wasn't anything that was going to give him a concussion.
But did you happen to catch that last night? Yeah, I i think it's just part for the course even the goalies getting involved with
that's the the anaheim stuff they they lead the league in rats whether it's it's kessler or
getzloff perry they all have that kind of nasty streak a kind of a younger guy who's right in
that mold is uh is richie they they have a lot of guys that just kind of piss you off
and play right up to the edge of the line,
and sometimes it bleeds over a little bit too.
So, yeah, they're a really, you know, they're a nasty team.
So that series, it's not going to be as fast-paced
or as skilled as some of the other series in the West,
but, man, if you like kind of old- school throwback, you know, physical playoff hockey,
that is, that is a series for you.
Yeah. The ducks right now,
the only team in the playoffs whose goal is put the slippers to somebody.
So yeah, they like to play on the edge a little bit. All right, chief,
obviously your Blackhawks, you know, have, have had a nice run lately.
Didn't even sniff the playoffs this year.
Who are you rooting for in the playoffs?
Well, I'm always rooting for the blackhawks
so i need nashville to bow out because we own their first round pick so the earlier they go
out the higher that draft pick is so that's my priority number one but you know i i mean i want
to be entertained and i think the jets are the most entertaining team so i'm kind of rooting for
them um and then beyond that you know i kind of want to see a lot of seven seven game series i
want to see overtime i had a lot of fun watching columbus last night i, you know, I kind of want to see a lot of seven, seven game series. I want to see overtime.
I had a lot of fun watching Columbus last night.
I think, you know, I'll probably maybe jump on that bandwagon.
I, I, I love Devils fans on Twitter because they're so crazy.
Uh, so I'd like to see, you know, even when they've been terrible, as long as I've been
at Barstool, they've, the Devils have been bad, but they're always in the comment section.
Why aren't you talking about the Devils?
Uh, because I'm a Blackhawks blogger on Twitter. Uh, what about this about the Devils? I'm not talking about the Devils cause they bad, but they're always in the comments section. Why aren't you talking about the Devils? Because I'm a Blackhawks blogger on Twitter.
What about this about the Devils?
I'm not talking about the Devils because they're in last place.
But they just are always up in your face and in your kitchen,
and I kind of respect that because it takes a lot to be the third team in a market,
be terrible, and still have that passion.
So now that they're actually kind of good, I feel good for Devils fans.
So I do have a soft spot for them, so I'll be rooting for them a little bit too, although I think they're in trouble in that passion. So now that they're actually kind of good, I feel good for Devils fans. So I do have a soft spot for them.
So I'll be rooting for them a little bit too, although I think
they're in trouble in that series.
One other series we had mentioned,
I call it the Westeros Conference.
It's the Kings versus the Knights.
Yeah, you like that one, huh? Kings and Knights,
we had a nice goalie fight.
Matt, yeah, like a pitcher's duel, but a goalie's
duel, not an actual fight. John
Quick, absolutely fantastic playoff goalie's do not an actual fight uh John Quick absolutely
you know fantastic playoff goalie Marc-Andre Fleury the same thing uh who do you who do you
see coming out of this uh this series we're gonna wrap it up in a second here too Bill
I I'm going Kings so I I said this on uh that healthy scratch show I I the high-end talent I
think will eventually win out and you got a Vez  this is your old thing, R.A.,
where you've got to have a Vezina, Norris, and a Selke guy.
And the Kings have that.
And that's your holy triumvirate.
They got Kopitar.
They got Dowdy.
They got Quick.
And now Jeff Carter's back.
I really just think that the experience and then that superstar level of player will eventually carry the Kings.
I think it's going to be a tight series, another fun series.
It'll be seven games, but in the end, I think those guys are too special to lose to this group of guys.
Yeah, I kind of agree.
I like the Kings, too.
I think Triumvirate might be the only thing I learned about Shakespeare during my 12 years of school. But Chief, listen, brother,
thanks for joining us this early in the morning.
We called an audible, decided to have a show, so
thanks for joining us, buddy. We'll have you back
again soon during the playoffs.
All right, now we're going to go
to Bosco Hotland and talk to our buddy
Nick Miraldo, and his Penguins are off to
a pretty nice start after putting an absolute
beating on the Flyers the other night.
I mean, are they going to beat this team in four or five games or what nick what's up boys yeah beat them like a
drum dude dummied the hell out of them i called it in five before the series started i'm feeling
much better about a sweep now but we'll see like anytime a team gets beat that bad you expect to
them to bring it and give everything they got in the next one but i think we knew from the start
the flyers goaltending shit and i my only concern
with this whole series was matt murray gonna show up and he did night one so i'm feeling pretty good
right now yeah i mean dave hackstall i don't know what he's thinking after that third goal the other
night uh that brian elliott gave up i mean anybody who's watched hockey knows that he didn't have it
there was a couple of awful goals and like he had to change the momentum and he keeps him and brings
him out for the second and gives up two goals.
I mean, Philly three goals in the playoffs isn't a big deal anymore.
Teams come back, come back from that.
So terrible coaching in Philly, man.
What do you got for tonight?
You think they're going to go up to all?
I mean, that place was rocking the other night.
I feel good about tonight.
Penn's at home.
I think they were like 30 and nine or something ridiculous in the regular season.
That's where they play their best.
Obviously, the road games are what worries me.
I'm just hoping for a split in Philly and then bring it back home
and clinch it in five.
And, yeah, you mentioned Haxtell.
That guy, he's like Mike Johnston 2.0.
You remember the old Pens coach before Sullivan?
Oh, yeah.
No emotion.
Goals go in.
He doesn't even flinch.
And it's just like I couldn't imagine playing for a guy like that.
You know who I realized he looks like the other night is Bib Fortuna,
Jabba the Hutt's right-hand man.
He looks just like him.
Now, you know, Pittsburgh, I know it's one game.
I mean, I'm sure we're going to get a different flyers response tonight,
but I assume when Pittsburgh marches on, as people expect, I mean,
do you have a preference who you play, Columbus or Washington,
in the second round?
I know we're getting ahead of things here,
but the way Philly looked the other night, I have no problem doing it.
I think a Pens fan, anytime you can get the caps in the second round,
you want it, and I'm all for it.
But I'd be fine with Columbus too.
I mean, we've done that dance before.
Tortorella, he could implode at any moment in that Columbus thing.
Although Panarin last night with that snipe at OT, that was gorgeous, man.
Yeah, I mean, Washington, is there  I mean, Grubauer didn't play bad.
I don't know if there's going to be a goalie controversy.
If you're a what's-his-face trot, you come back with Holpe,
you stick with Grubauer.
It's interesting.
Holpe is a guy at the beginning of the year you would have never thought
had his job usurped from him, but it's happened now.
So, I don't know.
Columbus is going to look good. Seth Jones is,
I mean, the goal he scored last night was
phenomenal, but there's a guy who became a
premier defenseman the last couple years. Great to watch.
Tampa, Jersey. Who do you
got coming out of that one? Tampa, obviously.
I think Jersey's good,
and, I mean, it's just Taylor Hall, though.
He's doing everything he can out there, but Tampa's just
too deep, and Vasilevski
is even average. He kind of slipped during the last tail end of the season.
But if he even plays average, I think they cakewalk through there.
How do you feel about that, R.A.?
The Bees, big win last night.
They basically dismantled the Leafs.
Who do you want to see?
Again, putting the cat ahead of the horse.
I mean, do you really want to play Tampa in the second round?
I mean, I'm not afraid of them, to be honest.
I'll take whoever.
I think New Jersey's going to give them a series.
They hung in there last night.
It was a 3-2 game with seven minutes left.
You know, Tampa went up 4-2, got the empty netter,
so it didn't look as close in the score.
But, you know, yeah, you probably would prefer the inferior team.
But, I mean, I have no problem playing Tampa.
I think the Bruins match up with them well,
and I think it would probably make for a better series.
I'll dance with whoever comes to the party.
That's what it's all about.
You can only play whoever they put in front of you, and whether
it be Columbus or it be Washington for Pittsburgh,
I think they're fine either way.
I'm obviously,
as a fan, like we said a couple times
don't look ahead, but
to me, it's all about the bees or
the lightning. Whoever makes it out of that side and in the conference finals that's the showdown i want nick uh you
know before i texted you before the playoffs happened before the playoff started and i said
i think pick could easily be back in the cup finals you responded with d is softer than puppy
shit and unless murray flips a switch it's gonna be tough my money is on boston or tampa but it all No, but you got to understand, I'm the ultimate pessimistic fan.
I look at everything that could go wrong and will go wrong.
And thankfully, I was wrong.
Murray showed up and flipped that switch.
What's up there, Pat McAfee?
Hey, you know, how are you?
Cannot wait to beat the fuck out of the Bruins.
Yeah, bring it on, you cocksucker.
Yeah, hey, I appreciate you guys tweeting those shirts out.
Crosby greater than everybody.
I know how much that must have hurt to hit that tweet button on that shirt.
He is.
I acknowledge his greatness.
I just like to fucking troll the fans.
That's like I got chirped for tweeting out a Nashville shirt,
but I was like, guys, man, I'm a hockey fan.
I don't consider Pittsburgh-Nashville a rivalry.
We played one time in a cup final, and we won.
What's the bitch about?
Yeah, well, I'm sure they feel different about it after losing the cup last year.
So what do you usually do for the games?
You go out to bars and get sauced up, just stay at home?
I mean, I don't like being in Boz, crowded Boz with big games.
There's just too many distractions.
What's your game routine?
No, I'm the same way, man.
I like, I'm a homebody.
I want to be on my couch watching.
I want full focus and attention.
And then, you know, if all my boys want to go out
and it's like a Friday night game,
like maybe tonight we'll go out.
I think that's the time to go out to a bar,
especially in the early rounds.
But like later when we get into it,
I want to be on the couch.
I want to be focused.
I want to be invested.
I throw on my autographed Ryan Whitney,ney pittsburgh penguin jersey number 19 i sit
back and i feel good oh wow man that's that's a deep cut right there so just um going back pat
came in with that one shirt you got a few more do you have any more um what you got five five
new shirts on sale today is that it yeah we got, we've got the American Sniper Phil Kessel shirt.
That's a nice play on him with that famous picture of him on NBC.
We've got the Crosby, greater than everybody, obviously.
We've got the big swinging pecker for Pecorine.
We've got a couple other more stuff in the pipeline we'll see.
And then, obviously, the Beard Season.
We've been selling those for a while.
And then the Yins Want a Drink Grab a Cup shirt.
That one's a good one.
Check them out.
You guys got some good stuff going up, too, I saw. Yeah, yeah. It's a good one. Check them out. You guys got some good stuff going up too, I saw.
It's a good time. Phil Kessel when he looks like Doc Brown, that's a
fantastic picture. Speaking of that Columbus
Washington series,
who do you think
Trotz comes back with for the game two? Do you think he
sticks with Grubauer? He didn't play bad, but
hope his playoffs
are what they are. What do you see happening there?
I think he should. I think he made that bed and now he's going to lie in it. I would have done the same they are. What do you see happening there? I think he should.
I think he made that bet, and now he's going to lie in it.
And I would have done the same thing.
I would have rode the hot hand, and I think you'd give Grubauer one more game,
and then you'd turn to Holpe if you have to.
Now, again, like we've been through this ride before as a Penguins fan with Murray and Fleury, and I'm all about riding the hot hand,
and it's paid off twice now.
So, you know, I can't question it.
I think you go back to Grubauer.
Stick with what got you there.
He was hot the whole tail end of the season.
And I think,
you know,
like you said,
the caps didn't play bad.
It's just an OT game.
Any single bounce,
anything goes the wrong way and you're out of it.
And I,
the caps they've been here before.
I thought this one was going to go six or seven anyways.
So I still think they're fine.
Yeah.
A similar situation with the Jersey devils,
Corey Schneider,
basically, I mean, lost for all intents and purposes, the number one gig to Keith Kincaid. I didn't, still think they're fine yeah a similar situation with uh the jersey devils cory schneider basically
i mean lost for all intents and purposes the number one gig to keith kincaid i didn't i
obviously had the bruins on i did catch the highlights it looked like kincaid kincaid had
a nice game didn't look like his team defense kind of broke down around him so i'd probably
expect him to come back tonight uh but it is interesting to have you know two number one
goalies who you know who performed in the playoffs just sitting on the bench. So it's going to be interesting to see what goes forward.
But all right, Nick, any other final thoughts or things you want to share
before we wrap it up here, my friend?
Yeah, what's up with your boy Marshawn giving Komarov a little kiss last night,
licking him up and down?
I love it.
Yeah, it's comical.
I mean, I guess it's not against the rules.
It's definitely not something we're used to seeing.
I thought his reply to Pierre after the game was kind of funny.
Like, you know, we've gotten close over the years
and we're just really good friends.
Like, you know, being the master troll that he is.
But, yeah, it was.
He's the ultimate heel.
He's great.
Yeah, he really is.
And, you know, obviously, you know, Cadre is the heel on Toronto.
But we actually talked to Chief about that.
One last question.
How many games do you think he gets?
I thought Dowdy got one
and his didn't even look intentional.
So Kadri's got to get at least two.
And I always think back to what
Elliott Friedman basically spoke about this
and I hold this rule to accountable from him.
And he said that basically two playoff games is
the equivalent of four regular season games so I think two is probably good maybe three but he I
mean anything he gets he deserves that was a scumbag move he didn't even decide it yeah exactly
and he ran at Wingo's earlier in the game too we got a previous penalty I don't I'm sure if you
scour through the tapes there's probably something in their past where they they butted heads because
he definitely seemed pretty personal going at him last night.
I mean, I know Wingo's did throw an elbow at Mata that wasn't caught before, but that was just ridiculous.
He basically threw the game away there.
So, all right, well, Nick Moraldo, Boston Hotline, thanks so much for joining us.
Good luck in the future, and we might see each other in a month or so.
Thanks for having me.
Now we're going to bring it to my compadre, Bruins fan,
Mr. John Feidelberg.
How are we doing, Feitz?
Are you still in Colombia, or are you back home?
I'm back home.
I wasn't going to miss game one.
Come on.
I'm feeling  I'm doing great today, Ari.
I'm the happiest I've been since I got back from Colombia.
So in about two days.
Yeah, it was a good result for our squad last night.
I mean, I thought we were just talking and waiting for for you there i mean toronto wasn't dead it was four
to one i mean we've seen it happen before what an awful penalty by cadre man not only was it
disgusting but they were still sort of in that game and he blew any chance they had to fucking
come back there he's got the hearing today right he's a kick him out of the league and i'm not even
i'm not even talking about kicking him out of the league because of the hit,
which was disgusting. I think it
did at least a game or two. But
I found out after the game that he's got a
his cat has an Instagram.
That's not okay. That's out of the league stuff.
That's psycho stuff. That's a guy who's going to kill someone on the ice one day.
Yeah, that's, I mean,
a cat Instagram, dude, he should get
fucking sent to the minors just for that one
alone. The cat's name is Jazzy Cadry.
But, hey, how many tweets did you get last night saying, what about, what about, what about Marshawn?
Like, isn't it the word, like the absolute, whatever sport, whatever fucking thing.
What about, what about, Twitter loves whataboutism.
Yeah, that's a great point.
Look, I mean, yeah, Marshawn's had his history, but I don't think that
I think the league needs more Marchand.
Yeah, why is that?
More personality?
More face-licking?
He has  I think he has the most personality in the NHL.
I mean, like outside of Biz, congratulations, by the way.
Thank you.
Biz was the last guy who kind of had his flair.
You see him on Twitter murdering people.
You see him, you know, he's kissing Komarov on the ice last night.
He says after the game he thought Komarov just wanted to cuddle a little bit.
I can't get enough Brad Marsh in my life.
Yeah, he was definitely doing the master troll thing at the end of the game last night.
It was pretty entertaining stuff.
Did you happen to catch any of the other late games last night or just the Bs?
I caught the, I flipped over to Washington Columbus after that, so I saw the Panarin goal.
But then after that, I was toast.
I was exhausted from the game, so I went to bed.
I missed the late one.
Too late once.
Washington, Twitter, not that I'm a big aficionado of it, but I stumbled into it last night.
I don't even think half of that city is watching.
They're so fucking scarred from the playoff failures that they're not even emotionally invested.
I mean, obviously not talking about everybody. I'm generalizing a little bit. There was so many people like. They're not even emotionally invested. I mean, I'm obviously not talking about everybody.
I'm generalizing a little, but there was so many people like,
I'm not even watching.
I'm just checking the score.
That is one scarred fan base right now.
I mean, can you blame them?
No.
No.
No.
No.
I pity them.
I pity Ovechkin.
I used to love Peyton kind of crumbling in the playoffs
and the Colts never really going
anywhere for a long period of time.
I don't love it anymore with
the Capitals.
It sucks that they're in our
conference because I'd love Ovi to do something
because I'm a big Ovi guy,
but it's a tough look
for that entire city.
I'm an Ovechkin guy too.
He's the premier goal scorer of his generation
and he's never been to a cup final.
You do want to see the best in that
scenario, but you're just starting to wonder
if it's going to happen with another team later
in his career.
You might have to give him a board deal.
Another team that looked pretty solid
they were a little maybe slow starting was the Predators.
Easily handled Colorado.
Colorado doesn't have the number one goalie who fucking is a scumbag anyways.
But did you see that Colorado even winning a game in that series?
No.
No.
And especially not after last night between Forsberg and Rene.
Rene was a monster.
He had probably three game-changing stops last night, I think.
I was scanning the highlights and replays this morning.
He had three stops when it was still a game
where you're not going to beat him.
He's a fucking
superstar. And then if
Fosbury's on his game like he was last night with that,
that was one of the better goals we'll have. The Malkin
goal from game one or from
day one of the NHL playoffs is way
too talked about. Crosby had two better goals than that
last night, and that Fosbury goal last night
was better than that, too. Fights, you ever been
down to Nashville for a game? I mean, it's
insane, and
they have such a home ice advantage there.
I was down there for a bachelor
party two years ago,
and they were playing in Anaheim.
I think it was round one, and
the crowd outside
the stadium was insane.
They weren't even playing there. They were in Anaheim, and the crowd outside was insane was insane. Just like they weren't even playing there.
They were in Anaheim.
And the crowd outside was insane.
So I've never been inside for one,
but I've seen what it would be like, I think.
Yeah, it's an absolutely wild scene.
You mentioned you were in a bachelor party.
If the Nashville, there's so many bachelor parties,
it's like catfishing a barrel down there.
It's ridiculous.
It's actually too much, I think.
I think to this point,
it's time to start finding other places. It's overpop ridiculous. It's actually too much, I think. I think to this point, it's time to start finding other places.
It's overpopulated.
It's a wild city.
Great time.
All right, back to the Boston-Toronto series.
You've got to expect somewhat of a better response from Toronto
in game two tomorrow night, Saturday.
How do you see this playing out?
Bruins in six, seven.
Do you think Toronto bounces back?
They just did not look good last night.
I had six.
I'm taking that down.
I'll give them five.
My heart wants to say four.
It was  I think you're giving them too much credit.
I thought Toronto controlled the game last night for, like, 12 minutes
from the end of the first towards maybe 15 minutes,
end of the first towards the middle of the second,
and I thought the Bruins ran away with it after that.
And it was dumb penalties.
It was fixable things.
But also, I mean, Austin Matthews, is he going to play?
If he's shadowed by Bergeron and they get Char out there a lot,
it seems like he can't do absolutely anything.
Yeah, dude, Austin Matthews being an unbelievable scorer,
you know, phenomenal player.
And you kind of barely noticed him last night.
I mean, it's
I think I heard his name once in the first period.
I thought I heard his name once.
And granted, they were on the kill most of the second and third.
But I think I heard his name once in the first period, and that was it.
But doesn't that just kind of go to show how good Patrice Bergeron is?
I mean, you throw Bergeron on him, and you essentially shut him off.
Yeah. I mean, you have one of the premier scorers in the on him and you essentially shut him off. Yeah.
I mean, yeah, one of the premier scorers in the league.
And you put, yeah, we're going to have to rename the Selkie.
That's official at this point.
The Selkie is the Bergeron.
But once you put him on him, he's gone.
And if you can eliminate the best player like that.
I mean, I thought Hyman was a monster last night.
I thought he showed up a lot.
But the other guys, on Healthy Scratches yesterday morning,
everyone's telling me how stacked Toronto is, and they are.
But if the Bruins can have their way with them like this,
you didn't hear any of the names.
I rarely heard JVR.
I think JVR had like one or two shots I caught.
Kadri is a scumbag.
Matthews you heard once.
Marner you heard one or two times.
All these guys, it was like they didn't even play last night.
Yeah, it's all those scorers, and it's kind of ironic that Hyman was the only one to break through.
Yeah, he showed up.
He was the one guy I really noticed.
Yeah, also, too, I know we have fun with Corsi on the show, even the players who come on and make fun of it, too.
But, you know, I think it basically puts a number on how much a line dominates.
And last night, I don't know if you caught the Corsi numbers for Bergeron.
Bergeron, Marchand, and Pasta, I think they were all over 80.
Like, that's such a ridiculously high number to have in a game.
And I mean, they dominated.
The puck possession, they can't do anything.
And if they catch a bad line on the ice, like they did last night,
the fourth line, I mean, it's, it's just such a total mismatch.
That line, that line's unfair with most first lines.
I was talking to my brother. He was at the game last night.
I was talking to him on the way down here and I was telling him,
I was like, I wouldn't blame the NHL if they made us trade one in the off season.
Like Bergeron, Marchand, Posta, you got to get rid of one. You can't keep that line.
It's just, we got to do it for parity.
Fights, what do you think of, you know,
the whole Ryan Donato thing? And, you know,
personally, I feel, the kid's not a
fourth-line player. That's really the only spot
that's open right now for him
to play. So, I'm kind of cool with,
you know, Donato not playing
yet. I'm sure he's going to get his time eventually.
But, you know, what are your thoughts on the whole, you know, Ryan Donato thing? I mean, I'm with R's going to get his time eventually. But what are your thoughts on the whole Ryan Donato thing?
I mean, I'm with R.A.
I've seen R.A.'s tweets about it.
It's a 200-foot game in the playoffs.
Donato doesn't have that just yet.
I'm looking forward.
I think he's going to get a shot.
I'm looking forward to him having kind of a Sagan game from back in 2011.
Yeah, there was a lot of people doubting Bruce Cassidy.
I don't know why they would this season about the moves he made
and switched up the defensive pairs, but you can't hang it with the results.
I mean, the Bruins, that was probably the most jacked-up effort
they've had all year.
I mean, that first 10 minutes of that game, they just suffocated Toronto.
Are you going to make any come-up-to-the-games fights or what?
I'm coming up this weekend.
My sister's running the marathon.
I'm going to hope to get to Saturday's game.
I don't have tickets.
I'm probably going to try and scalp some or something like that,
see if we can pull little SeatGeek strings.
Promo code Dave.
Saturday.
Promo code Dave or promo code Hockey.
So just switching gears a little, too.
Did you go to Columbia by yourself, or was it a vacation?
I kind of felt like out of nowhere, like, well, Columbia fights?
I'd love to get down there myself.
It was totally out of nowhere.
I bought the ticket Friday night, left Saturday afternoon.
My friend from high school, she lives down there, so I went to go see her.
A little friend with benefits?
So that's a long way to go to visit a female friend there, fights.
Just busting your chops.
All right, pal. So, how do you see
the rest of the series shaking out?
Anybody jump out at you last night?
Obviously, other than Panarin and Forsberg with their sick goals.
Evander Kane, Taylor Hall
finally got their first playoff
goals. How do you foresee
a few of these other series playing out?
I think...
I was actually impressed with the Devils, because that
game looks like a blowout, so
to speak. That was a close game.
That was, what, 3-2
until seven minutes left?
They're down 3-0, you know, an 8-seed
versus a 1-seed, you go down 3-0, it's
easy to pack it up. They battle back
3-2, I think Hall assists on
that goal with 10 minutes left in the third.
Seven minutes left,
Tampa kind of battles back and wins with an empty netter.
I think that one's going to be closer than this one.
I think Tampa, New Jersey will be closer than Boston, Toronto will be.
Yeah, despite the 5-2 score, I think New Jersey has to feel encouraged by their play last night.
Like you said, one goal game with seven minutes left.
Got to just clean up a little bit in their own end. Keith Kincaid, I mean,
I didn't see the entire game, but he looked pretty
solid out there. I don't think he gave up
any bad goals. So, alright, Fights.
I think that'll probably wrap it up for today.
Any closing thoughts you'd like to share with the
Spit and Chicklets crowd?
It's the cup year. First of all, obviously,
Tuka Rask is good.
And second of all, it's the cup year, man of all obviously tukaraska is good uh and second of all it's the cup here
man it's the fucking cup here i can the the crowd brought it last night i just have this feeling
already it's a cup here i fucking hope so dude because my irs bill is due and i get 25 to 1 on
them all right buddy hey fights thanks so much for joining us on short notice mucho apreciado
and i if you come up this weekend, hit me up.
Maybe we'll get together for a cocktail.
Absolutely.
I'd love that.
Catch you later.
Later, Grinnell.
Now we're going to the city of brotherly love to our boy Jordy, a Scott Flyers fan.
They took a thorough beating in game one from Pittsburgh.
Poor goaltending, poor coaching.
Jordy, man, are they going to make this a series or what?
I mean, it's tough to have confidence in saying that right now.
I do think that it'll still be a series.
This will go, you know, six games, hopefully, you know, maybe push it to seven.
But it's, I mean, definitely feeling very deflated here in Philly right now.
I mean, how do you not?
After that game, I mean, I, I mentioned earlier,
Brian Elliott was clearly not in the game. Like he just didn't have it. Any person who's watched
hockey for any amount of time could see like he needed to be yanked after that third goal.
Haxtell doesn't do it, comes back on him in the second, gives up two ball goals. Then after the
game, he says, he's our guy. I mean, that's fucking insanity to me, dude. Yeah. I mean,
the thing with Dave Haxtell that really worries me is he's just a real stubborn son of a bitch.
And, you know, I think that, you know, it's something that, you know, he's willing to kind of sacrifice the team's own success just to try to prove a point that he's not wrong.
So, I mean, we see it with him, you know, sticking to his guns with Elliott, even though it's clear that Elliott doesn't have it right now.
We see it more with putting Travis Konechny down on the third line for this series, even though when he was up on the line with Sean Couturier and Claude Giroux to end out the season, I mean, he was crushing it in terms of 5v5 points.
And, I mean, the Flyers didn't get any points in the game on Wednesday night there, but they could definitely use some 5v5 points. The Flyers didn't get any points in the game on Wednesday
night there, but they could definitely use some 5v5
production, and the fact that
he's going to keep Rofl on that line
and connect me down to the third,
just another stubborn, stubborn move by
Dave Haxtell.
I know it's a very small pool
to pull from, but Peter Morazic,
I mean, before he could
put a mop up to the end, he had 10 playazic, I mean, yeah, well, before he could put him up through the end, he had 10, 10 playoff games.
I mean, the state percentages are somewhere around nine 30, very low GAA.
I mean, you know, that that's a pretty, pretty, I mean, if I'm a coach,
that's enough for me to say, okay, I'm going to this guy next game.
I mean, he's got some success again, not a lot of games, not a,
not a big track record, but it's certainly a lot better than Elliot, man.
I just don't get that.
But I mean, if they lose tomorrow night, are they done? So what I'm sorry tonight.
Uh, yeah. I mean, if, if they lose tonight, it, I listen, I mean, the old saying goes,
a series doesn't start until you lose a game, uh, until some team wins a game on the road.
Uh, so I mean, going down to nothing, bringing it back to Philly, it's not exactly a full
death sentence, but, uh, listen, this, this hurts for me to say, but it's the Pittsburgh Penguins. I mean, they have the
pedigree. They've won back-to-back Stanley Cups for a reason. I mean, the team is loaded.
And I think if this Flyers team has to try to win four out of five games, I just don't quite feel
very confident in them moving forward,
you know, especially with the goaltending issues that they've been having.
But, hey, I mean, here in Philly, we're used to goaltending issues.
I mean, it's been our MO for a while now.
Yeah, since Hextall pretty much.
Let's take a look around the league.
What do you got thoughts on the other series?
The Devils, like we were talking about fights a minute ago,
they hung tough with the Lightning.
How do you see that playing out?
Do you think New Jersey gives them a series or what?
Yeah, I think that it's kind of similar with the Devils and the Avalanche right now.
I mean, both of those teams are riding absolute superstars.
And, you know, good for Taylor Hall getting his, you know, after eight long seasons of not being in the playoffs, getting his playoff debut last night,
potting home a goal and an assist. The only thing though, is, you know, they're, they're running
into a buzzsaw there in Tampa. I mean, they get production from all over the ice. So, I mean,
I think that while, you know, the devils can probably turn it into a series. I just think that,
you know, Tampa right now is, is just, they have way more depth than the Devils are working with.
And, you know, so that one, you know, it'll be, you know, a good good go for the Devils, you know, getting themselves a playoff experience moving forward.
I think that they have a great team moving forward in the next few years.
It's just not going to be this year.
All right. Back to the Metropolitan Conference.
Columbus with a nice comeback last night, one and all the time.
They were a team I, you know, didn't pick them basically just because of Bobrovsky's playoff track record.
It hasn't been good.
He responded last night.
How do you see that series playing out?
Yeah, I mean, I wrote a blog this morning talking about what a rough night it was in the Stanley Cup playoffs last night for bad trades.
And I mean, if you're the Chicago Blackhawks right now and you're
watching that game from home, and as you see Artemi Panarin, he sets up the game tying goal
for Seth Jones there on the power play. And then in overtime, just an absolute beauty of a dagger
to take that series lead 1-0. So I mean, listen, I understand that, you know, the salary cap played a huge role in that trade for Panarin, for Brandon Saad.
But it's, you know, that was also the Blackhawks trying to get the old gang back together.
And, you know, Panarin, he was able to put up, I think he had like 80 plus points this season.
Meanwhile, Saad had like 35.
So if I'm the, you know, if I'm the Chicago Blackhawks, I hate watching that game last night.
And if I'm the Washington Capitals, I hate watching that game as well as watching that Nashville game and seeing Phillip Forsberg put on the clinic that he did.
Yeah, it was a good blog.
I did check it out this morning.
Well, like Chief said, I don't think George McPhee is feeling too bad about trading Fors which is Forsberg at this point, considering what he's done with Vegas.
But yeah, definitely some nightmares for Blackhawks fans when you see a Temi Panarin score a goal like that.
San Jose jumped out to a 1-0 lead, 3-0 victory over the Ducks last night.
How do you see that one playing out?
I thought Anaheim, I don't know, it looked a little lifeless out there.
Evander Kane was huge.
He's obviously looking to get paid.
But you think Anaheim rebounds in game two or what yeah I mean that that's
another one similar to Taylor so I think uh
I think what Kane's been in the league for maybe one year
longer than Taylor Hall has so far and he just made his Stanley Cup playoffs
debut last night uh so that's after nine long seasons
between Atlanta Winnipeg and Buffalo so I mean he
hasn't he hasn't sniffed
the playoffs in nine years. So, um, you know, and that was something that, you know, I've always
been, uh, an Evander Kane apologist of sorts, you know, people call him a locker room cancer,
or people say that, you know, he's kind of a diva or something, but listen, when you're a stud,
like Evander Kane is, and you're stuck playing on these shit bag teams and you're not even sniffing
the playoffs, I wouldn't be too thrilled to be in that situation either.
So he gets his first shot at the playoffs last night.
He puts home the first goal and the second goal of the series.
So he gets two goals in a three,
nothing win his first game in the playoffs.
So,
you know,
I'm,
I'm really happy for Evander Kane.
And,
you know,
I think that,
you know,
that's exactly what the sharks were looking for when they made that deal for
him at the trade deadline.
So you'd love to see big deals at the deadline like that kind of pay off.
I guess it's a little bit rare to see that.
I think a lot of teams think that they're going to strike gold, and really it doesn't happen.
But as long as Evander Kane is able to kind of keep that up throughout the rest of this series,
and Brent Burns obviously picking up another one there too.
I think it's going to go pretty well for San Jose,
and that's not one that I saw coming.
I thought Anaheim would win this series.
Yeah, you've got to figure, if Vander Koehn nine years,
that's such a long time to never even sniff the playoffs.
So, yeah, I would probably be a little surly in some of my stops too if I was that guy.
I'm going to ask you the same question I've asked all the other guys in the roundtable today
to finish up here.
We talked about the disgust and the
Zem Kadri hit on Tommy Wingles last night.
Yes, Wingles elbowed
Mana for us, the obligatory whataboutism.
But how many games does he get,
Kadri? Yeah, I mean, that
has to be a multiple
game suspension. I mean, a
lot of times with these hits, you know, I always
try to give guys the benefit of the doubt. I understand that hockey, it's a fast paced game,
you know, and obviously, you know, I don't think that Kadri was anticipating wingles to kind of
drop down to a knee there. But I think the most important thing to take into consideration was
the score at the time, as well as how much time was left in the game. I mean,
Toronto, they're down 4-1, you know, halfway through the third period. I think that that's Nazem Qadri. I mean, he was going to take a run at Wengels regardless. You know, he was just trying
to make a huge hit to try to jack up his boys a little bit and get something going in this series.
So the fact that, you know, I think he went in there not with the intentions to kind of hit a
guy directly in the head as he's falling down, but I think he definitely went in there with definitely the intention to send a message there.
And that's just a reckless play.
And I think that he also had the opportunity to  he had already committed to the hit, so I don't think that he could have avoided contact entirely.
But he definitely had the ability to at least pull up a little bit there but you know we see him still
launch himself into wingles as wingles is down on the on the ice so um i mean it's it's a dirty hit
there was definitely some intention to send a message there i don't think it was intent to hurt
uh but listen i mean that that's got to be you know that's a predatory hit and that's got to be
at least a couple games.
Yeah, I mean, he's committed to the hit,
but then there's also like leaping into the fucking air like Mary Lou Retton
and fucking burying a guy.
I mean, that's just, you know, he didn't just hit him.
You know, it was a leaping hit, smashed him on the board.
So, yeah, going to be interesting to see how that plays out.
But, Jordy, listen, thanks for joining us on Short Notice, pal.
