Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. to our listeners. Mybookie.ag offers all kinds of different wages on Major League Baseball,
National Hockey League, and NBA playoffs. Everything's in full swing right now. It's
a great time to get in on it. And when you win, you get lightning fast payouts. No problems
anywhere. Not like shops at home. No one gives you a run around. Boom. Easy money right away.
You can even create your own player prop wages with your own prop machine. There's nothing better
than that. If you want to invent your own bets, I mean, it's like Build-A-Bear, but for betting.
So you heard it right.
Create your own stuff, wages, anything, all kinds of stuff.
Go check them out now.
Use the promo code SPIT for a 50 bonus when you deposit.
I'd only recommend the site to our listeners.
That's been good to me, and mybookie.ag is the best.
It's the only place you can check out for all kinds of props, live wagering, anything you want, it's there.
Again, you can make up your own props.
Nothing better than that.
They've got all kinds of sports.
They've also got casino games like blackjack, roulette, craps, and slots.
MyBookie.ag has it all.
Not to mention you can play all their games on your cell phone, iPhone, or your tablet.
Totally up to you.
Do it from anywhere.
So you play, you win, you get paid.
But totally up to you.
Do it from anywhere.
So you play, you win, you get paid.
So if you want to get in on the action this summer,
go to mybookie.ag now and sign up with them using promo code SPIT to ensure that you're eligible for all of our future promotions and bonuses.
Visit Las Vegas from your couch and try them out today.
Once again, that's mybookie.ag.
Use promo code spit hello everybody welcome to the pk suban episode of spit and chicklets brought to you by bastu
sports we have a very international version of the band back together from Victoria,
Australia. What up, biz?
Victoria is the state.
Oh, fuck, man. That's why I asked.
Good day, mate.
And now we got Winston
from Secaucus, New Jersey.
Yeah, boys, boys, boys.
First of all, listeners, what's up?
I'm going to be completely honest.
I'm a fucking loser.'m a joke and i'm
also i'm also i took an ambient 10 minutes ago so god knows where this is gonna end up
i could fall asleep i could say things that i don't i'm not responsible for after the ambient
hits um but what am i supposed to say i'm taking shrapnel left and right i almost wish that the
ambient i took was a pill from Dr. Kevorkian,
so I just wouldn't wake up and I wouldn't have to take the heat
that I'm going to get for this.
I mean, I'm so cold, boys.
I think I'm going to go broke.
And I have a shitload of money.
I might lose it all.
Fizz, I'm getting gummy.
Welcome to the club.
You guys, the Vegas Golden Knights just swept the first round
series against the LA Kings. They swept
them. The LA's scored three
goals in four games
and I don't even know
what to say. Not only did I pick them to win
the series and bet LA in the series,
I bet LA in every
single game. I was like, ah,
tough loss game one. They'll get them game
two. Ah, shit. Tough loss game two. For sure, they one. They'll get them game two. Ah, shit.
Tough loss game two.
For sure, they're going to win at home game three.
Oh, my God.
Well, they got to get one tonight.
I'm like, they got to get this, and they're not going to get swept.
Nope.
So I am so fucked right now, money-wise, on this goddamn series.
I'm embarrassed because I've had all my friends bet the Kings.
They're all furious at me.
I cannot believe this bag of shoes.
Speaking of drugs, I think Fleury's back
on the Russian gas.
He's got to be three goals in four
games. What's going on?
He looks like
J.S. Jaguar in 0-3.
Put it this way. If you said before the series,
Witts, John Quick is going to have a 9-4-6-8 percentage and a 1.75 goals against.
He's only going to give up seven goals on 131 shots.
You'd be like, yeah, I like my odds there.
No, not even close.
Flurry had a 9-7-7 with 0.75 goals against two shutouts.
Dude, he is in the fucking zone, man.
It's scary.
It's 0-8-0-9 level. And, you know in the fucking zone, man. It's scary. It's 08, 09 level.
And, you know, I played in the L.A. system.
They play extremely structured, and it's a suffocating system.
But for how well they play structured, they do sacrifice a bit of offense.
And sometimes they just go very dry, and they just got very cold at the wrong time.
I mean, I don't even know if Carter had a point that series.
He did.
This is fucking Convent level dry.
To Foley, no points.
To Foley, no points.
Carter, no points.
It's like Witt trying to get a girl wet, just fucking super fucking dry.
He needs the KY jelly to even get some type of
moisture. He's still screaming for KY jelly.
Like, holy fuck, Whitney's ears and his voice.
Holy shit.
A little poetic justice.
Brayden McNabb, who
Kings let go so he could join the
expansion team, ends up scoring
the series winning goal.
Kind of a defensive defenseman.
A little poetic justice there, man.
Four games, man. I thought we were going to get
at least six games the way the goalies were playing.
Four games! Four fucking games!
It took them four games! Are you kidding me?
What were the teams to sweep?
They had to be at least 12-1.
I think Vegas-Vegas
because I had it. You could pick by game.
Vegas to sweep.
I want to say it was like 101.
Really? That high?
No, it was high. It was high, man.
But I'll say this.
Although we were wrong, and although I was wrong anyway,
I know Whit picked LA too.
I would say if there was a gun held to your head,
any hockey fan you'd ask for death,
I think in that series they'd pick L.A.
You have to, right? Have to.
That's what I'm saying. I'm not that big of a Muppet.
I am, but I'm not because
who saw this coming?
Who saw this coming? By the way, this
Vegas team, I haven't
decided yet if I'm going to bet against them
next round against San Jose.
I think I'm just going to ride this out and bet against him until I either get stabbed
by a bookie because I don't have the money to pay him or I just finally get everything
back because I keep doubling down and doubling down.
But this Vegas team is so good.
They just don't.
They're all on the same page and they all just grind their dicks off.
They're the hardest team to play against.
They won't stop working.
They play the exact same system.
Wild Bill Carlson's out there.
He looks like fucking Mario Lemieux.
James Neal looks so sick.
He had that power spinoff move
off like Fannenberg or whatever.
That was sick.
And then they win all these loose puck battles.
Any race to the loose puck, they get there
first. They change. They play
four lines. And then at the end
like when they do give up chances they have flurry who's in the zone crosby would have seven cups if
flurry played like this the entire time at pittsburgh and he's a beautiful and with my
biggest fear going on that series for la was just that vegas they come in waves and it's all four
lines and they're relentless i just thought that. was going to be able to smother them
and play so structure where they slowed that pace down
that I'd seen against the Coyotes all season.
But they just get it collectively done as a group.
Everybody, everyone chips in and there's always a hero.
Every different game, it's someone else.
Like Shea Theodore, first game.
And then you said Braden McNabb.
Those are the two guys who scored their goals in the 1-0 games.
It's a Cinderella story, but they got a modest
It's like not ending.
Yeah.
When does that story  when does Cinderella's fucking shoe fall off or whatever, however the story goes?
When do I get my shoe?
Think of how high-paced the series would be if it was Nashville-Vegas.
That would just be  like I wouldn't even be able to keep to keep up yeah because we'd be still out when the game started
hey Eric or it's wits I think we should make that spitting chicklets daily though I need I need some
money to pay my fucking hey Marcel is there any chance uh I can get a full-time job because I
just spent my career earnings on the goddamn LA Kings in the first round against an expansion team.
Also, I do, like, Biz, you saw so many games.
Like, you know, you saw Vegas play live.
Like, from what I've been told, they just outwork every other team.
And because of that, I think that, like, I thought, well, at least I thought once the playoffs started, everyone's, like, you know, level of work and teams kind of coming together to work together.
And, like, how hard they work would step up to where Vegas had been all year.
But I don't know if, like, anyone can.
Like, did you see anyone ever come close to working as hard as they do as a team?
Well, I mean, we said it before the season.
It's like the NHL rejectss and that's nothing against these guys.
They were all like the cusp second liners for the most part.
I mean, except for James Neal is probably a first liner.
I mean, Wild Bill, like what do you have?
He had like four goals last year.
Six goals.
Right.
So a lot of these guys are out to prove themselves and they got a chip on their shoulder, which is a good thing.
I mean, you know, they're all looking for contracts. It's going to be tough to keep this team together for a long period of time
because all of them are going to get overpaid.
And it's been an awesome story and one that's really good for the league.
The series changed.
We have more refereeing to discuss.
That Doty hit was a bunch of bullshit that he got suspended for that. That is
a piss poor decision
by the Department of Players Safety
or whatever their company is.
What the hell? That was a great hit
in a playoff game by one of the best
players in the world and you suspend them
a game? What the fuck?
Like, come on. I was surprised
that, I mean, he caught the shoulder first.
Like Eddie Edzo said on TV the other night, it was a hockey player that goes bad.
It was like he hit him.
The guy was going forward.
He was lurching forward at the same time.
Completely a coincidental hit.
I was shocked.
I was shocked he got a game for it.
And that does swing the series, man.
Doubt he's that big of a player.
I mean, even though they beat him in four games,
that was one of the tightest games you beat.
I'm sorry, one of the tightest series you're ever going to see for a sweep.
And it was a fucking huge call.
And then, well, we'll get to the other one later.
But just to go back to your Vegas point, Ray Ferraro, who is, by the way, excellent on the broadcast tonight,
he said that the Vegas general management, they actually looked at and they realized there were nine teams
that could be exposed from an expansion perspective.
They knew that they
Is there a technology mistake there?
It's technology right there, not RAs speaking.
So they realized there were nine teams that could be exposed, in the expansion draft because they were carrying so much talent
and they could work out the trade.
So they basically finagled the draft before they even got to the season.
But still, to accomplish what they've done has been incredible.
And if you're a fucking San Jose, you're going to be shitting your pants right now.
I know.
And I'm not ready to give up on Vegas yet because Gerard Gallant,
embarrassed by the Florida Panthers,
they got him a fucking bicycle cab to take him out of the arena
when they fired him in Carolina.
He was in a pedicab going out of there.
And now he's probably just riding in a sick limo
in a new black Rolls Royce limo down the strip in Vegas
for a couple nights off before their next series
because they deserve it. And also, this crowd is so insane in Vegas like at this point I can't even
imagine what it'll be like in the next round you know like for teams who for cities who have like
you know are new into hockey like once you have some first playoff success it's like when everything
grows so Vegas is just starting to get pro sports teams with hockey being the first NFL is going to
be coming but you got to think that after this year and what's already happened,
this is going to be a hockey town, like one of the best hockey towns
because they love, they absolutely love this team.
Who is the dude in Motley Crue, Vince, whatever?
Vince Neal.
Dude, he's tweeting about him.
He's calling him a Motley Crue of misfits or whatever it is.
Goals, goals, goals.
He's calling him a motley crew of misfits or whatever it is.
Goals, goals, goals. If you got Vince whatever, motley crew tweeting about your team,
you're just in one.
And this team is so fun to watch,
and I can't not believe how much money I lost on them.
Like, fuck yourself, you piece of shit.
You're a loser.
Well, we know that.
Now,
let's focus on the negative
first and then build ourselves back up
to the positive. So what other
horrible predictions have we had?
I mean, dude,
horrible predictions? I got
more in the wallet. I got Anaheim to win
the cup. Who the fuck are they?
They look like
the San Diego Gulls called up the
AHL team.
I called that one, boys.
Nobody believed me.
Oh yeah, I picked them in six.
What did you do, Rear Admiral?
I listened to you like an asshole
back in the fall when you said you liked Anaheim
for the cup, so I jumped on them at 20-1.
Fucking like a bitch, motherfucker.
Put me in the fucking closet
with fucking JoJo the Whale.
Joel Penning, I liked him
going in just for the simple fact that...
He's sick.
Gibson's came off an injury too.
I don't know if they rushed him back.
I was worried about their depth up the middle of the ice
for the simple fact that Kessler
just hasn't really got it done because he's kind of been hurt
with a hip injury this year.
He's old, man. He's old.
He's had a hell of a career, but it might be ending.
Well, listen, and nothing against Gadslob.
He had a decent year.
I think he had like 60, 70 points.
Him and Perry are making some substantial money,
and I don't think they won't be able to produce
to that level of money that they got and
that's kind of a situation they put themselves in as an organization what what are you going to do
not pay those guys and it's it's weird being a general manager there's that fine line between
loyalty and are you going to screw your organization i mean chicago's kind of going
through it right now and and some organization they are going to have a tough time moving forward
based on some of these contracts they've handed out.
Yeah, I mean, Corey Perry, he had 49 points in 71 games this year.
That's a big time.
Like, he's making bank.
Getzlaff had over a point per game.
Getzlaff's still a beast.
He is what he is.
But Ricard Raquel, who had this sick year, he's an all-star, 69 points, nice,
in 77 games.
He hasn't done shit in these
first three games.
Going back to Getzlob,
though, how many goals? Yeah, 11
goals this year. He never scores that many goals,
though. Okay, now, this
Anaheim thing is another disaster
on my end. I have disasters
fucking everywhere. The only
question left in the series,
I mean, basically, 98 of teams who go up
3-0 win the series.
San Jose's been a wagon over them
so far. So I think the only question left is
who does Corey fucking Perry
maim in game four?
Corey Perry,
he might just take someone's head off.
Seriously, Mike.
It's going to be like the Warriors out there.
Let's predict.
I mean, he's usually in front of the net, so I'd have to say he gets.
You know who I think he's going to.
If he didn't play in the Olympics and play international with Pickles Vlasic,
I think he'd try to stab him in the throat.
But because he knows him, I'm feeling like Justin Braun or Brendan Dillon,
he might literally try to slice their ear off with his blade
or just do something just so bad because the worm is a pissed-off worm right now.
He'll probably go after Logan Couture because Corey likes to go after someone
who's probably less likely to clap back at him,
so I wouldn't be surprised if he takes a whack at Logan.
Apparently, Perry took out a water jug
on the way off the ice, which, I mean, that's
kind of offensive to me, considering I spent so much
time with him during my time in the NHL.
So, I mean,
that motherfucker,
that's what I used to fucking make
my money off of.
Stay away from those water bottles.
Just pulling it back to Tuesday night
a little bit, switching gears back to the Eastern Carbons. Washington made it back to Tuesday night a little bit.
Switching gears back to the Eastern Carbons.
Washington made a fucking series. Hold on.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't done.
I didn't know.
Only because I wanted to defend myself a little bit in that the Anaheim pick, yes, trash pick by a trash analyst and a trash podcast host.
I really think San Jose is sick.
Like, I'm starting to watch them.
I don't even know some of the players on their team.
I can openly admit it.
But this team is buzzing.
This is all without Joe Thornton, by the way.
But Couture's on fire.
Burns is feeling it.
Pavelski's back to being on top of his game.
And fucking Jones and Nett, dude, that guy's nasty.
So it's like they're going to be playing Vegas, and it's not
I mean, I don't know what's going to happen with my pick there yet,
but San Jose is for real, and they're quietly for real.
Like, who the fuck's Marcus Sorensen?
Like, this guy's flying around, buzzing around.
Like, who are these people?
Well, so I played against the American League the last couple years,
and they had very good drafting and development.
They had an awesome team.
My second last year in the AHL and then even my last year,
they were buzzing around.
Do you remember some of these guys?
Yeah, and a few of them, they actually let go.
I think Carpenter, who's now in Las Vegas, they had him as well.
He was out there for the last minute tonight.
Yeah.
That's when they let go.
I mean, look at Donskoy.
I mean, he's had a very hot and cold season, but when he's on, he's on.
They got some good  I mean, Bodker's a great third-line player.
He can skate.
He can make plays.
I know that he hasn't necessarily had the most offensive year,
but they got a lot of depth, a lot of good players. I don't think they't necessarily had the most offensive year, but they got a lot
of depth, a lot of good players. I don't think
they have a lot of liabilities either.
And they got
Evander Kane, who has been
a beast. And they got
him because, I think I said this before,
the ambience is starting to
kick in, by the way. This should get interesting. They got
him because Buffalo, I spoke
with Buffalo, who said San Jose was the only team that even made an offer for him nobody else even wanted him
because his reputation the shit he's pulled before in other locker rooms but they were like you know
what we need this type of player and he's gone there and he shut his mouth and he's just been a
beast i mean he's running guys over he's scoring he's playing on a top line he's a great player i
mean there's never been a complaint about the type of hockey player it was.
It was the type of person he can be away from the game of hockey.
Well, what do you know?
When you just shut up and play and don't act like a fool, you just show how good you are.
And now he's going to get paid, which he deserves to be because he's having a hell of a season since he's got there and even before he got traded there.
So this team's coming together at the right time.
And I still think, like, when they play Vegas,
I might have to pick against Vegas again.
I might have to do it.
I don't know what to do, but it might have to go down
because San Jose's look like a complete wagon.
Yeah, it should be another fantastic series.
Again, provided that the Ducks don't win four in a row.
And I mean, some teams, yeah, yeah.
They've looked shitty in two of the three games.
I just don't see that fucking happening.
All right, time to go back to Tuesday night.
Are you cleansed, Whitney?
Are you all cleansed of the Anaheim exorcism?
All right, I'm over it, though.
I'll tell them it's a caucus New Jersey.
You think I'm cleansed?
All right, don't mind me.
I still got a fucking bad cold.
Washington and Columbus have played three straight overtime games.
Last night, a two-overtime game.
Lazella had a crazy, fluky goal.
It was off a rebound.
It hit Wierenski.
It hit his foot and ended up in the net.
He didn't even know he scored it.
Put Washington back in the series.
Otherwise, they'd be looking at a 3-0 hole.
Interesting.
So far, the road team has won every game. Every game's gone to OT. Basically, they'd be looking at a 3-0 hole. Interesting that so far the road team has won every game.
Every game has gone to OT.
Basically, a coin flip.
What do you think?
What's your thoughts on that one, Witter?
Well, listen, I can't believe how the first two games looked like the
Washington Capitals are still the exact same bunch of chokers that they've always been.
They get out to two different two goal leads in games one and two and they managed to lose both of them.
Are you kidding me?
How is that even possible?
And then they went down tonight.
I'm sorry, not tonight.
I don't know when this is coming out.
They went down Tuesday night and then they almost went down to nothing.
This ridiculous offsides rule, which, guys, that's a different subject for maybe later in this.
I'm so sick and tired of two things.
One of them being reviews for goals.
Okay.
I can't stand it anymore.
Offside goalie interference.
Every single goal.
There's a review.
It seems like the second thing I'm sick of is smooth,
smooth, smooth, smooth.
What the fuck is that?
It's this garbage Gatorade commercial that's shown 19,000 times every time the commercial happens between Duncan Keith and Patrick Haines just going smooth, smooth.
I'm like they might as well do the breaking moves thing for pardon my take it's
driving me insane but this series is uh it's a series now because the game the game that happened
uh that we got to witness tuesday night it was back and forth the crowd in columbus talk about
maybe sneaky best crowd in the league uh because they're standing up for half the game i mean if
you're standing up at an arena seat, you're paying 250 minimum for,
you know, you love the game.
They love the jackets.
Teams are buzzing.
But Washington did what it had to do.
It had to get back in this series because if they go down 3-0,
they are a laughingstock if they go down 3-0.
Yeah, that's true.
Ovechkin guaranteed victories in game three and four,
and now he's halfway there.
He went a little Joe Namath on us. He looks like Joe Nam namath with how gray his hair is so i guess that's an accurate comparison
but uh columbus noble water columbus uh okay also columbus was trying to become the first team i
couldn't believe this stat they were trying to become the first team in the history of the league
to win three games in a row in
overtime to start a series.
Could you not,
could you,
could you,
I can't believe that's never happened.
Yeah.
I'm surprised.
Is this like,
I remember like one year when Colorado won the cup,
it might've been 96.
Them in Chicago had a five game series and it was one of the best five game
series you ever seen.
And I think like three of them went to overtime,
not the first three,
but yeah,
that is kind of surprising given how close
the teams are so many years.
It only threw out a pretty crazy
stat that I hadn't heard before that
eight teams in the National Hockey League
I think it was Grinnelli, eight teams
franchises have never swept
a playoff series. So yeah, I guess
that is believable.
Eight teams? Have never.
And Vegas did it?
And Vegas did it against a team I bet on.
Unbelievable.
How old is this league, 100 years?
Yeah, well, up until 1991, there was only 21 teams.
They've added 10 in the last 17 years or whatever.
So actually, 27 years.
So for 21, I mean, they went from 17 to 21,
and then they just were stuck on 21 until they brought in like Ottawa, San Jose,
but all that generation of expansion.
But that's still surprising that it's that many.
So I'm still confident with my Washington pick.
They dominated game two.
They outshot them basically two to one.
And I mean,
I still like them.
I'm happy with that pick.
I can go down with the ship
on that one.
Who did I pick? Columbus?
I don't remember because they butchered out
the tweet with all our picks on it was apparently
error filled according to Twitter, so we can't reference that one. I don't have your picks written down. It the tweet with all our picks on it was apparently error filled according to Twitter,
so we can't reference that one.
I don't have your picks written down.
It looks like the Ambien's starting to kick in.
I know who I got.
I think I picked Columbus.
I think I picked Columbus because I have Columbus to, like,
go to the cup final in one pool I did.
I'll say this.
The only two series I would have guaranteed were Tampa and Nashville.
That's the only two series.
But, man, Colorado's looked decent.
And Jersey looked decent.
Both of those teams went home and took care of business.
Nathan McKinnon is a stallion out there.
That guy's just buzzing around sniping.
Taylor Hall, our spit and chiclets MVP, if we had a vote, we'd vote twice,
was buzzing in game three
at the Rock, so that became a series.
So every single series in the East
currently sits at 2-1, which is great.
That'll kind of
bring me
to my next horrific mistake
that I'm getting dummied on Twitter for.
Why
did I pick the Maple Leafs?
What the fuck am I doing?
Why did I pick the Maple Leafs?
I watched the Bruins all year.
They dummy teams.
They're shit-pumping teams.
They're making a mockery.
They're making a mockery of other teams.
And I picked the Leafs because I thought the Bruins were going to regret
and struggle from having to play the Leafs instead of the Devils?
What the hell was I doing?
I wouldn't beat yourself up over that one,
especially for the Carlo injury,
and especially the fact that who predicted that that top line came out
and pumped that much offense out?
But it's a 2-1 series.
Leafs are at home next game.
I wouldn't sleep on them. I think that they have a 2-1 series. Leasers are at home next game. I wouldn't sleep on them.
I think that they have a more spread out lineup.
And, you know.
Yeah, but, dude, Kadri is an idiot.
Kadri is, he's like Marchant.
They're both so good.
They're both these incredible players that literally can't not be an idiot.
Can you not be an idiot?
Can you not just drill a guy in the head while he's down on the ground?
Sometimes the emotions take over. It was a stupid
bozo move.
What was it?
What did you guys take?
Go with you, Biz, first. What did you think?
Was three games appropriate? Should have been more?
Should have been less?
Yeah, it looked bad. I have no problem
with that.
I thought it should have been two.
I thought it was bad, but two in the playoffs is like four in regular season.
What did you say?
Playoffs?
Playoffs?
What?
Trying to win the game.
One other interesting thing, too, Biz.
You wonder if they actually started Holpe out of the gate.
Would Washington have a 2-1 series lead?
Because Holpe, before the series, he had 59 career playoff starts.
Grubauer had one.
And not that Grubauer was bad in the first two games,
but it's just interesting.
Now Hopi's the starter.
He's got his job back.
And the same thing happened in New Jersey.
We talked about that, too, with the King-Cates situation.
Shosh Schneider won his job back.
So, you know, you wonder,
maybe those guys should have been there out of the
chute.
Maybe their teams wouldn't be down 2-1, right?
I'll say this.
One of the toughest decisions as a head coach is who to go out with a net,
especially if you've had a guy who's been slumping a little bit and he's your
starter.
Going into playoffs, you have to go who's going hot.
Grubauer lost the first game.
I would right away go back with Holpe because I think in Grubauer lost the first game i would right away go back with holpy because in i think in grubauer's
head he's thinking okay i think the net's going back to holpy at least that's i think yes yes and
then now he's like oh god now the pressure's really on and maybe pressure he's never had to
deal with at the nhl level so he got smoked and then you throw holpy and you give him the
shit sandwich he hasn't warmed up.
Just fucking give the net back to Hulpe game two.
That was insane.
And that was exactly why if Washington loses this series,
Barry Trotz is getting fired.
And if Minnesota loses their series, Bruce Boudreaux is getting fired.
Because explain to me, you decide to start Grubauer.
You start Grubauer.
Explain to me, you decide to start Grubauer.
You start Grubauer.
It was the most  you could have asked a fucking 10-year-old kid who's playing peewee hockey,
who's a diehard Capitals fan, who's starting game two.
He would have said Holpe.
And you go back to Grubauer?
I'll say this.
How?
It's tough because head coaches in the NHL are  Are mutants.
Well, they live and die on decisions like that.
I mean, we go back to that Pittsburgh series we talked about against Ottawa
when they picked Murray instead of Fleury after he brought them already
to that point in the conference finals.
I went online on Twitter, and I was shocked.
I was like, fuck.
I said, that's a ballsy move because if Murray shits the bed, then,
then who do you go back with? You go back to flower. And then, and I mean,
the fan base was up, up and up in arms. It was a 50, 50 split. Sure enough.
Sullivan, sorry. And in Pittsburgh ended up making the right call and they ended
up winning it.
That's a fucking decision that's going to save his job for
years to come, where if they would
have had a bad start out of the gate, who knows?
You could have been the next fucking Dan Bilesman.
See, like I said, I think
those coaches had known commodities
in Schneider and Colby, and they
should have went with him, because everyone talked about how bad
Schneider was. He lost his last
12 games. Well, what happened when he played
in cleanup duty in that
second game? He was unbelievable.
He came in ice cold off the
bench and he was lights out, man. I think
those guys, like we say,
at a certain level, they can just kind of turn it on.
They're mental. They're fucking crazy goalies.
You're in a no-lose.
Like you said, you're in a no-lose
situation after that other
goalie loses game one.
Now you're coming in.
The pressure is way less on you than it would be that guy who lost game one
knowing if he has a bad start, he's getting yanked.
Want to hear something?
Want to hear something?
Let's hear it.
I'll tell you this thing, too.
The week of wit continues.
The week of shit.
The week of shit.
The week of Ryan's shitney.
Columbus, the last seven games they've played going back to the last,
the regular season has gone over.
And Washington's last seven games they've played,
including regular season, has gone over.
So what do I do tonight?
What do I do tonight?
I take the over.
I take the over.
And it ends up three to two.
The over was six.
I lose the over. I take the over. And it ends up 3-2. The over was 6. I lose another bet.
I am so cold.
And I'm so cold and miserable because those goalies played sick tonight.
Holpe was a freak in that.
He made a bunch of ridiculous saves.
By the way, to talk about this series and not talk about the bread man is ridiculous.
Because Panera.
Yeast mode?
Yeast mode?
Dude, yeast mode is one of the funniest things I've ever heard.
Yeast mode?
Yeast be rising.
I mean, Panera.
Yeast mode.
Some of you don't always want to hear.
It has risen, I should say.
He is so sick.
I can't believe that Brandon Saga traded for this guy.
People thought he was only good because of Patrick Kane.
If you're not watching this guy, his overtime winner in game one was a sick joke.
He beat somebody wide tonight.
He almost won it over time again tonight.
He has chances.
He sets guys up.
He another assist to Pierre-Luc Dubois tonight who sniped one.
I like that guy's game, too.
Hey, he's fucking nice player.
That guy, he's a beast. He's tall,
can skate, and he looks tough.
Whatever.
It's the week of shitney,
but it's also a week of
great hockey, so I have that to be thankful for.
Can't you guys tell from my voice?
Dude, you know you're cold
when you're trying to bet
bets off of regular season stats.
That shouldn't have anything to do with it.
You know it gets tighter in the playoffs, man.
You can't play that game.
No, but I'm saying the first two games of the series had also gone over.
Yeah, I don't know, man.
I'm like, all right, these teams are on trains of going over,
and then I saw it was six.
It wasn't even five and a half.
That's like when the roulette hits black for seven in a row, and then you're like, ah, might as well, and then i saw it was six it wasn't even five and a half that's like when the roulette hits black for seven in a row and then you fight you're like i might as well and then it hits red
you're like what the fuck was i thinking i'm the guy who's like oh yeah it's due it's due it's due
no dude it's not due it's never due i thought the generals would do i am crusty right now putting my net worth on the fucking generals.
Hey, boys, should we stir the pot and talk about how one of the Winnipeg Jets almost killed Stahl tonight and the fans are losing it on Twitter?
Dude, that was so dirty.
And you know what's disgusting?
You know what's disgusting?
I'm going to say two things that's disgusting about that.
The first being the hit.
The first being the hit.
Because that was a fucking joke. Morrissey literally
just cross-checked Stahl right in the face.
And I do want to say
Morrissey has no record of being a dirty
player. He said after, I'm not a dirty player.
I would never try to injure anyone. Well, that can
happen to anyone, and then all of a sudden you're a dirtbag.
So he's a dirtbag for that hit.
It was a dirty hit. He will be suspended. He better better be suspended if they suspended doughty and he doesn't get
suspended something's seriously wrong my second thing is bruce boudreaux after the game saying
that that's why they lost the game shut up shut up desperate shut up bruce you're gonna go out
and say that's why we lost you lost two nothing and you lost the game because it wasn't called
horrible refereeing i don't know by the way there's four out four people that's why we lost. You lost 2-0 and you lost the game because it wasn't called. Horrible refereeing.
I don't know. By the way, there's four
people that could have saw that. I saw it.
I was on my phone barely
watching the game. I mean, it's
just crazy.
How did you feel about that comment?
I thought the Bruce
Boudreaux comment.
Did you hear it? Because I read it online and I
thought it was a spoof account a
darren drager spoof account yeah that was bobby mckenzie and and and that's that's a sign of a
coach you know you know the term playing with the house's money it's like oh yeah you got three cups
and somehow yeah whatever who cares if we win then you fucking win again that guy can't get past like
what second round i don't think he's ever gotten past  or maybe he's never gotten to the Stanley Cup finals.
And he's just so desperate, and it sucks because he seems like such a nice fucking guy.
But holy fuck.
Blame that loss.
He's hitting the Richard panic button.
Yeah.
And Richard Panic's hitting his own panic button currently. The Richard panic's getting his own panic button currently.
The little arrest.
No comment on that.
And it could happen to anyone.
Did they put that on the NHL network?
No, no.
I was trying to get him to put it on there so I could make a funny one-liner about it.
But they wouldn't do it.
I actually heard about it when it happened.
And I thought it was going to get swept under the rug.
But I think he just got kicked out of a bar.
He didn't get a DUI.
He didn't fucking hit anyone.
No, that ain't the place you want to get a DUI.
That was a New York cop or a Chicago
cop or a Boston cop. He probably like,
alright, buddy, go the other way, but it's a little
Scottsdale action.
Sheriff Joe. What's his name?
Sheriff Joe.
So, Biz, I didn't see a question about Boudreaux. Yeah, he became kind of like a cult hit after the what's his name Sheriff Joe yeah to wit Biz
he became kind of like a cult
hit after the HBO show when he had the
barbecue sauce all over his face
and then he couldn't win in Washington
then he couldn't win in Anaheim now he can't win in Minnesota
by this weekend I think
I mean Winnipeg they won a big 2-0 game
Mark Shifley what can you say
stud second or third goals in the playoffs
he's probably going to be this weekend in a third bottle of wine won a big 2-0 game. Mark Scheifele, what can you say? Stud, second and third goals in the playoffs.
He's probably going to be this weekend in a third-bottle line watching himself on
Slapshot for the 85th time playing for the
Hyatt Esports Presidents.
I don't think he's going to lose
his job. I think if they lose
first round, he's gone.
You know why I don't think so? It's because they had a pretty
successful season, and the fact that they lost
Suter before the playoffs started, and then they lost Parisi during the first round.
I wanted to talk about that.
Parisi, man.
Fucking guy.
Dude, dude.
He battled so long to get back from that back surgery.
He didn't skate for like 200 days or something like that.
Finally gets back.
Not only does he get back, the first three games he looked like zach parisi who superstar zach parisi and he was dominating down low he's a
presence in front of the net he's tenacious on the puck he's got he's got some super superstar
grinder in him like i call sid all the time parisi's got some of that then to see him actually
take a hit and break his sternum and now he's out six to eight months, I actually felt
sick to my stomach for him because that
sucks to work that hard to get back.
And then to not only get back, but to be back
at the top of your game and helping your team win
a huge game at home to get back in a
series to get that news. Which, by
the way, was that not broken by
Barstool Jordy?
That was the first I saw it.
I don't know. I'm sure
people didn't saw some because they hate to do that to us.
It's not like a big deal to break news.
I'm learning. Since I've started this, apparently
it's pretty big.
We have a guy, Barstool Chief,
with the Blackhawks, and we got a guy, Barstool
Jordy, with Philly, and they kind of just do a lot
of NHL stuff too.
This Jordy found out
and said, Parisi's out for the year we're out for the
series and nobody said a word forever and then it went everywhere and I checked right away if like
other people had it nobody did and then it went everywhere and nobody said his name but he was
the first one I saw to have it out there here's my question to you as as someone involved in the
media now I feel like I would never be want to be that guy to be known as the guy like,
oh, I did it first.
I got it first.
I got a scoop.
No, that's
I'd rather stick Ambien up my hoop than try to do that job.
I'd rather crush it up and blow it through a straw through your hoop.
Yeah, exactly.
Through your hoop.
To steal an analogy from the big J jays to get a scoop and beat everybody
that's like scoring a goal in hockey like you don't have to brag about it and dance about it
because you don't have to because you you when you break it everybody knows like like they call
them what's it woes bombs okay you know what i'm saying it means you got you're the best at your
job you're the most white and like bob mckenzie does it all the time but he doesn't dunk on people
like the canadian writers are classy about it that's why I kind of look up to them more than the American writers.
Like, Friedman, you know, Bob McKenzie, P.L. LeBron, Darren Drager,
they're so respectful about it.
They just break it, and then they don't gloat about it.
But everyone knows who breaks it because they're so fucking wired in that.
Yeah, I mean, they have a bit of a monopoly
because they're boys with all the old school guys who are all the top.
But I feel like there's
definitely two ways about it like you just said
like the Bob McKenzie's where like he's the
Bob father like he's not doing it to be cool
it's just like he's got all those resources and he's the
fucking man where there are some guys
who treat it like I did it first
like I'm a fucking nose pick
I think Boston does because it's like
no one expects us to so
they're the same guys who are like,
hold on, teacher.
You didn't give us any homework.
Shut the fuck up.
Yeah, I wasn't chirping the barstool, guys.
I'm just saying I would never want to be that guy.
No, I would never either.
You know who ate it?
I don't know if you remember Aaron Ward.
I don't know if he was trying to get into the world
and he broke the...
to the penguins.
And then it didn't work.
Oh, if you have one bad scoop, you get fucking smoked.
Dude, I think one bad scoop like that
and I haven't heard Aaron Ward ever
try to break a scoop again. It was like that buried him.
So...
Well, what happened is
he got...
He got good intel, but what happened is he got series picks.
He got good Intel.
But what happened was like going back to that story,
again, let's change his mind.
Like again, it was going to go to Boston.
Then Crosby changed his mind.
I have to work.
You got to dip your toe in.
You got to be like, hey, you're in very strong consideration for a game.
You have to get yourself out.
You can't be like confirmed. Because then once his mind, you're in very strong consideration for a Ginland. You have to give yourself out. You can't be, like, confirmed.
Because then once it changes his mind, you're fucking toast.
Then you're like, and then Ward's calling a Ginland.
He's like, are you fucking kidding me?
You fucked me over a scoop, guy, you fucker.
Hey, I've perfected, like, given the, like, one-foot-in thing, like, in life.
Like, my wife's like, hey, are we going out to dinner?
And I'm like, yeah, yeah, but actually there's a wicked small chance that we're doing a podcast.
So like I pretty much, I don't give a definite answer to anything in my life.
I always want an out.
No, it's good.
We could do that, but I just had Biz blow a fucking Ambien up my asshole.
So we may stay in and just fucking sleep.
Speaking of injured stars, Pittsburgh, Philly could have a real problem.
Sean, cuckoo, cuckoo, I am the war is cuckoo day.
He fights.
You see what happened to him to his own teammate, Ratko Gunas.
Hit him in practice back then.
He looked like he stuck his leg out almost.
Oh, goodness.
It's fucking, dude, Kuturie went ass over tea kettle, down through his stick in anger.
Real ugly if you're a Flyers fan.
And then fucking, go ahead.
No, no, I want you to say his name.
I want you to say his name.
Ratko Gunas?
No, I want you to say the player who was hurt's name.
Sean Kuturie.
Okay, okay, okay.
I was like, I don't know.
I thought you might actually have turned it into like the cuckoo, cuckoo, cuckoo, cuckoo thing.
And that was his official name for you.
But this injury is so ridiculous.
Dude, I cannot believe it would happen.
And for people who don't know, what it was, was're doing neutral neutral zone regroup drills at the beginning of practice where guys go d to d and then you snap it up to
the winger who goes in warms up the goalie sometimes the default in point shot kind of
just a little warm-up drill but you have to make sure that uh opposite sides of the ice are going
at the same time solely because of collisions and the possibility that guys aren't looking guys are
skating backwards heads down you can't be having guys, you know, collide.
And sure as shit, there was some sort of miscommunication
as to whose line was going to start first.
And all you see is the ironic, how ironic is it,
that Radko Gudis, that dirty fuck, just buries one of their best players,
their second leading goal scorer this year,
their number one, like, top defensive player up front,
buries the guy in the knee, goes flying up in the air.
And I love how there was this little reporter in the corner
that just happened to catch it.
He had no idea.
He was just recording the drill.
Oh, he's Scoop guy now.
Yeah, he's Scoop.
He's like, I can make it now.
I can make it.
And then Couturier tells him, like, I'm not playing.
And he's like, I got the news.
He's not playing.
And then Couturier plays, and the guy's career is just done.
And then people hate him more than Gutis.
But Couturier, he chucked his stick.
He fucking was pissed off.
And you could tell he was so mad because he realized,
I'm probably out of this series.
He looked bad.
They asked Claude Giroux after.
He goes, it looked really bad.
Hey, I'm not going to lie.
When I first saw it and I hadn't read the caption,
I legit thought
Gutis needed one of their best
fucking players on a two-on-one.
My jaw dropped. I was like, oh my
fucking God. I said, Philly fans are the
only fans that will stick up for that guy, and they're
going to fucking murder his family.
I actually thought because it's him
I was like, oh my god, they are probably
doing like a battle drill and he was
probably like, fuck it, and got pissed off and just
buried someone from behind. And I was like,
this guy, I was like, can you get
the director
of player personnel and safety
to call and suspend the guy from something
that happens in practice?
Hey, Nolan Yonkman used to play
in the American. He played a few games in the show.
Handsome prick.
Huge hog.
Tough crowd.
Anyway.
I was drinking water. I loved it.
I was drinking water. I loved it.
We were practicing right after
Olympic break one year and he fucking
killed me in
practice guys guys couldn't believe i i'm surprised i didn't fight him but i couldn't because i was so
fucking fucked up and then another time in practice very similar to what happened with
gutus and couturier was uh gordel boyd gordon got hit and it was during the lockout and it was
towards the end of it and he ended up getting concussed and missed the start of the season on
one of those drills where guys are crossing and then one guy like missed the
pass so try to like end up chasing it and catching it and then collision boom nobody sees anybody
gonzo's i mean people don't even realize there's certain players on every team that are just
drill wreckers and their body wreckers too guys will come down not only will they fuck up the
drill when they don't fuck up the drill,
they'll come down and they'll ring a clapper high off the glass that goes
buzzing around the glass to the corner where everyone's standing.
People are jumping out of the way like a bomb's just been thrown there.
People are getting their teeth knocked out, their ears hit.
It's a disaster zone at practice when you get it.
I sympathize a bit for drill busters because I was one.
You're probably the biggest drill buster, dude.
Because you would be like,
where am I going? What position am I playing?
Malkin used to kick me
to the back of the line every time I tried to go first.
No, I'm serious.
No biz.
Give me buck.
Someone dug up
a gif of
Goudas actually punching Kludgeroo in the face at the World Championships last year.
Did you see it?
Yeah, I did.
I did see that.
Goudas is going at it with McKinnon, and Goudas comes in to get involved, and he doesn't even look at him.
He just puts his fist up and decks his own.
The best player on his fucking team, and he punches him out.
The guy is fucking team, and he punches him out. The guy is fucking heat bananas, dude. The thing about Gutis is that he, like, of all the shit we've given him
and all these podcasts about how dirty he is,
he's actually a pretty effective defenseman.
Like, when he plays, I know people talk Corsi.
Apparently, Corsi's always up there.
I'm regurgitating something I've heard.
Maybe this was last season.
But he's not that bad out there.
I mean, he makes some plays.
He's hard to play against defensively.
You heard that?
What?
You heard that from Bad Scoop guy about his course.
That's not an irate fact.
That's for sure.
No, no.
I heard it from some dude.
I don't even remember.
They were saying his course, he was good.
Let us know.
Course people, let us know if that's Phantom.
But, I mean, if you're playing against him, you know dude may just take a take a stick and tomahawk me over the
head like you never know wild card so exactly so because of a wild card he kind of makes it tough
to play against but um boys they should suspend him if couturier can't play be like fuck you you
don't get to play if you hurt him okay well listen listen. Listen, so we have before, because we're dropping
another one Friday, right, Grinnelly?
Yes. Okay, so we're dropping another one Friday
so we can go more into the Leafs-Bruins
series and go more into Nashville,
Colorado, and we
can go a little bit more into, what's
the other one I'm forgetting, in the East?
Oh, we didn't even really talk about Philly
Pittsburgh. We just talked about the mutant
Gouda's dummy and his best player.
We have more to go into. I know this is
quick. Sidney Crosby's decent.
Yeah, Sidney Crosby's decent
against the
Philadelphia Flyers.
Should we talk about the urinals?
The Crosby pictures
in the urinals?
Dude, they put Crosby's pictures in the urinals?
Philly's such a trash city.
They're a trash bucket city.
They really are.
I can't believe it.
I hope that whole city, I hope the 76ers lose.
I hope the Flyers lose.
I hope that Ben Simmons hurts fucking Joel Embiid.
Another Flyers injury problem.
Fuck Philly.
And then Kevin Hart has another shitty movie coming out.
Well, that's pretty much a guarantee already.
Crosby's wraparound the other day
I mean I know wraparound is a semi-true tune
it was a thing of fucking beauty
like the way he kicked it to himself
and then the way his skates pivoted
and I mean this is a comment
he looked like a figure skater the way he went around the net
and then tucked it, it was like a thing of beauty man
I'm gonna say this
the reason why I respect Crosby so much, if people did and said the shit that he deals with on a day-to-day, year-to-year basis,
and he still fucking gets it done and still has cups, I would be fucking shitting on everybody online.
I'd be telling them to kiss my fucking ass.
I'd be telling them to suck my dick.
Listen, I'm a psycho like that.
I'll fucking fuck you a guy who
You're a grudge guy
That's what I love about you
Take it easy Francis
I'm the nicest guy
When you're nice to me
And if you're a fucking dick to me
I'm coming in swinging that's how I work
I don't know how he just ignores
He's like oh yeah it's happened before
And I'm just like oh I just want him to fucking unload yeah but i think deep down he just drives him to
be even better and maybe someday he'll write a book and me and you can be the co-authors and
we'll rip on everyone do you think there's two people in the world he would rather have his
write his book than me rather me and. We could make him look like a complete
savage. Maybe somebody who can
write, but yes, I agree with you. Ever since he
found out, I said he would get 50 goals
and that would...
That would...
Alright,
so... I'm getting pigeon-tossed by
Grinnelli. So there's a lot of shit
that we still have to talk about. This is why we're
doing two now in the playoffs. But quickly, before
we go, I lost
a bet. I was on a golf trip to Pinehurst.
I played
against six
from Trinity College.
Bill Maharis, Andy O'Connor,
Ryan Masucci,
Jay Driscoll.
Jay Driscoll made a bet that I have to shout
them all out on spitting chiclets if they beat us.
They did beat us.
So, Jay, you look like Ezekiel Elliott, so congrats.
You're an amazing golfer, and you beat me.
But, you know, go fuck yourself because the next time I have to deal with you on a golf course,
I won't be on Ambien, and I won't be spraying T-balls left and right.
So congratulations.
Good luck.
And Brendan Timmons, Sean Donner, those are the other two guys.
Congrats on your win, but go fuck yourselves.
All right.
So I'm going to wrap up last night's activities.
The Knights swept the Kings.
Kings are going to be golfing for the rest of the summer.
Winnipeg went up 3-1 with a 2-0 victory over Minnesota.
Winnipeg is a series. I have Winnipeg in the series. He with a 2-0 victory over Minnesota. Winnipeg's in the series.
I have Winnipeg in the series.
He's got a winner.
He's my first winner.
But you're still a Muppet.
And Washington made it a series 2-1.
Wednesday night's games, Pittsburgh at Philly.
Pittsburgh's up 2-1.
Tampa at Jersey.
Tampa's up 2-1.
Nashville at Colorado.
Nashville up 2-1.
And potential handshakes in Anaheim, Orange County with San Jose up 3-0.
On the Golf Channel. That'll be on the Golf
Channel. So, ironically,
a team could shake hands to go
play golf on the Golf Channel.
We'll be back on Friday. Boston,
Toronto playing Thursday night. Washington, Columbus.
But we'll have tons to chat about.
Any other closing thoughts, boys?
Biz, before you leave Australia?
Imagine if Gutis comes out in a Pittsburgh uniform
and it was just all part of the plan.
Like if they could ever somehow just like
Ambience 100 kicked in.
All right, boys. Peace out. Bye.
