Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode Raymond Borg of Spittin' Chicklets brought to you by Bastl Sports.
Ryan Whitney in New Jersey, Paul Bissonnette, I don't know where the fuck you are today,
and my boy Mikey Grinelli out somewhere in the suburbs of Boston producing. What's up everybody?
What up, what up? What's up boys? Look at the suburbs of Boston producing. What's up, everybody? What up? What up?
What's up, boys?
Look at the new mic.
Classy.
Yeah, dude, you sound great on that thing, actually.
How about how about what's not known who John Holmes was, by the way?
Like, I mean, I know we do ask a millennial here.
How do you not know who John Holmes is? The greatest male porn star in the history of the genre, the era, like everything.
I concentrate more on the female aspect of the genre, the era, everything. I concentrate more on the female aspect
of the porn.
Oh yeah, can you tell us who's got the biggest
dicks in the NHL for the last few years?
I didn't think we were going to get into
porn yet, but if I had to pick one
guy, I'd say Peter North,
because that guy has the biggest
fucking loads in the world.
Yeah, he used to say he would eat
celery to optimize his loadage.
Anyways, speaking of loadage,
I think some of the San Jose Sharks
and Vegas Golden Knights will be getting some loads
off because they're going to be pretty
not too busy for the next few days.
Sweeps in the first round, they're going to meet in the
second round, but they don't play until
the first round ends. Washington and
Columbus hopefully will hold everybody up
because the rest of the series have been like
five, six games or sweeps or whatever.
What do you think, Biz? Those guys,
are they going to get bored sitting around?
That's going to be probably a week of sitting around not doing
nothing if Washington and Columbus go seven.
What are you doing during that time?
Well, I think it has a lot to do with
what city you're in.
Don't quote
me on this, but when la made their run the
first time when they were just sweeping everyone i think they beat vancouver in five they beat st
louis in four they beat us in five and apparently during that run after every time they went around
they'd go on like a three-day heater in la they'd be partying with like dav Beckham at clubs. It'd be a Beecher's madhouse just popping off.
But that that that's the team camaraderie that they needed in order to pull off that crazy run.
And nobody could compete with the bottle service.
Having a threesome with sporty and fucking baby spice.
Well, I mean, I think I think back to when we went to the cup finals in Pittsburgh, we ran through the east.
We domed the east.
We lost.
We went sweep, one and five, one and five.
So after each time, we had a night out in Pittsburgh.
Remember me and Armstrong were on stage actually rapping.
Remember Diesel?
Remember Diesel, Liz?
I tell a story about Diesel, but I'm at my girl's place right now.
Okay, fair enough.
That will be for another time, another episode.
But it's actually crazy.
We were in Pittsburgh, and we had a couple nights when we knew we had a week off between the series,
and we just got after it.
I can't imagine being in Vegas.
The funny thing about San Jose playing Vegas is that, say, Wild Bill Carlson
and the real deal James Neal are going out for beers with a couple other guys,
and all of a sudden Evander Kane's next to him.
They're like, what the fuck, dude? We're playing
you in three days. He's like, I had to come down
here to lay off some steam. We know he
loves Vegas. Oh yeah, he's
taking a plane in early for sure.
He's not shy up to the
charters. If
nothing else though, at least the teams are going to be on even
ground. It's not like one team's going to have so much more
of a layoff than another.
I mean, you know, I don't know what's there to do in San Jose
except to go up to San Fernando and beat up nerds in Silicon Valley.
But, you know, Vegas, there's definitely more temptation.
But, you know, these guys have been professional all year.
They've kind of been letting their opponents fall victim to the town more than themselves have.
So, I mean, is it just complacency?
Like, obviously, they're going to have practices.
But, you know, is it just once the game starts done you just gotta like turn it back on is it is
it that simple well this is what i said ideally for vegas who won first they would have wanted
san jose and anaheim to beat the piss out of each other and then they catch a catch a team that just
you know went through a hard battle seven game series but it didn't happen and they're all
resting so in a way i, they're both even.
People ask, like, does rest help?
Because sometimes, actually, if you rest a long time,
you maybe lose the momentum and the mojo you got going from sweeping LA,
and you're like, ah, shit, I wish we could keep playing games.
But with both these teams rested and both these teams really, I mean,
they're so good teams, both of them.
They're so deep.
I think that it's just going to be a, maybe
feel each other out game one, and then the series will get
ripping. Love it.
So, yeah, basically,
you know, we're going to put a bow on
the first round. Me and Witts,
me and Kulp as we come fucking clean.
We picked Anaheim. Awful pick.
I can actually blame Witts because I did
fucking listen to him. I'm like, wow, he played
with those guys. He was in the league.
He knows what he's talking about.
Hey, let me throw a nickel on him.
I'll whack that one tonight.
I can sleep with my L.A. pick, but if I were you guys,
I would not be able to sleep with the Anaheim pick.
I'm surprised NHL Network still hires you, dude.
Dude, they went 12-1 to finish the regular season,
and they got second in the division.
It wasn't that crazy of a pick.
They just turned into complete slugs in the first round
and got dummied in game three, and that was it.
I mean, I'll tell you right now, nobody saw fucking San Jose sweeping them.
I mean, that was ridiculous.
I think I had them in five or six.
And I was being nice.
Fuck you.
Well, let's lay those
ones to bed. You guys are 0-2
and I'm 1-1.
Grinnelli, what do you think, buddy?
Yeah, let's move on to
Boston, Toronto.
Boston with a big 3-1
win tonight and now they're up in the series
3-1. Let's hear your guys' thoughts on that.
Okay, did you guys see my tweet
and what happened before the game? Oh, you are the biggest fucking jojo the whale frankie mush i've ever
seen in my action life let's hear it do you know what happened no oh my god so well first i will
say before people call me like a mush of all mushes i know i'm approaching that i i i had
predators in philly uh the other night so i went 3-1 because I had them both money line.
I had them both puck line.
And then Nashville blew the 3-0 lead, so I only won the money line.
But still, on a mini-heater 3-1.
So I'm going into tonight, and it's like 6.35 right around there, and I'm working.
I'm working, but it's a commercial on NHL Live, 6-7.30.
With Butch Goring, won a bunch of Stanley Cups for the Islanders,
Slickback Hair, and Jamie Hirsch.
So I'm like, ah, I got to get my pick out on Twitter.
So I just, I'm new to like the GIF game, or is it JIF?
Yeah, it's GIF.
Only Russians say JIF.
So I was like, oh, I want to try to make an original tweet,
and I wrote, the pick is in, or my pick is in, like, oh, I'm going to I want to try to make an original tweet. And I wrote the pick is in or my
pick is in dot dot dot. And I
found a gif of Bergeron
with like a he was holding like
a weed whacker. And he was like
and he just like turned around and smiled. I'm like, oh,
this is perfect. Boom.
Pressed whatever. Send tweet
within biz. I'm not
kidding you. Within eight seconds,
dude, a tweet comes out.
I don't know the first verse I saw.
Patrice Bergeron will not play tonight.
I was like, oh, my God.
And then it just kept coming.
You know, everyone's then retweeting Bergeron not playing.
I was like, holy shit.
My timeline, my mentions.
I want to read them right now.
I retweeted some of them.
One kid I actually laughed the hardest at.
It was so simple.
He just wrote, Jesus Christ, you're such a fucking loser.
And it was like, I just hit it.
This kid's probably a diehard Bruins fan.
I hit him so hard.
And I couldn't believe it.
I'm like, oh, my God.
And I had already hammered my Bruins regulation win, three-way bet, had them in regulation.
Because I'm like, they're going to blow them out tonight.
I thought they were going to win 5-0.
So I'm immediately panicking and just like the timing of it was just  that's what I am.
I'm just a mush.
I'm a Muppet.
I called myself a Muppet on the NHL network.
The woman, Jamie Hirsch, actually said to me, she's like, you look like you're like  you look like you saw a ghost.
I'm like, I did.
It was myself.
You seen my skin so
that but then quickly it went over to them being up one nothing in 30 seconds and i was like all
right i feel a little better about this but big game for the bruins big win i mean who would have
thought that they'd go in without bergeron and i wouldn't say dominate at all because toronto
actually toronto brought it to him and that was this was a game for every idiot. Are you laughing at the mentions?
I'll never not laugh at the LeBron one when it looks up.
That's got to be the greatest gif of all time.
No, the other one is when Homer Simpson just backs into the bushes.
Yeah, I like that one too but this lebron
with this face and he looks up at the tweet oh my the internet just gets me every day oh i know but
in terms of the game uh took a rest the burton ernie one rubber ducky you're the one oh my god i'm almost grateful that you did this because it's just entertainment the fact that you
suck and people think like people who i think i'm like doing this shit on purpose i'm just like no
dude this is my yeah i don't want to lose credibility started when i got traded at the
deadline and the penguins won the cup and Chris Kunitz had like a fucking 29 goals
in like 20 games with the Penguins
that year. I am a mush.
Okay, well why don't
we get to some talking points here.
Let's talk about the top end guys
for the B's. I mean, we could
Tuka.
That's open to anyone.
Tuka, man. I mean,
me and Feidelberg, my man at Boston, we fight this fight every day on Twitter.
There's just so many idiots in Boston who can't or won't or don't appreciate Tuka.
And every once in a while, he lets in a goal he should have had, even though it's versus fucking Carolina in February.
And they cry about it.
He makes 7 million.
You know why he makes 7 million?
Because the fucking idiot Bruins gave him a contract he had two times in a row.
And he proved it to him. So they have a fucking sale. Why are you calling them the fucking idiot bruins gave him a contract here two times in a row and he proved it to him so they had a fucking idiot why are you
calling him the idiot bruins if it's a good because i i'm sorry idiot shirelli it was shirelli i'm not
calling the bruins let me clarify good point what's it shirelli gave they gave him a contract
here two times in a row he already proved it so yeah he earned the seven million so shut the fuck
up about the seven million he makes the money get over it it ain't your money who cares it's not
taxpayer money he's the guy's number one and he proved it tonight he know he had to step up bergeron
losing them out of the blue man nobody knew we got hurt i'm hearing i don't want to say spread
rumors but i'm fucking getting texts from people who usually don't text me saying they're hearing
serious no fucking more info than that i don't even like to say that because it's gonna fucking
people think it could be nothing but people like dude i dude, I'm here on A, B, C, and D.
And I'm like, it's not good.
But Tuca stepped up, dude.
He got, Placanik beat him with a wide open shot.
And he made every fucking huge save he needed to tonight.
Mana on the breakaway, on the two-on-one.
Every big save, because you're right, the Bruins did not.
They had 21 shots on that.
They probably had maybe seven or eight scoring chances.
They capitalized.
And Freddie Anderson wasn't perfect like he was the other night.
So Rask is the story all day, every way.
So what you're trying to say is he kind of deals with that Joe Flacco.
Is he a lead or not?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Don't put Joe Flacco's fucking Baltimore stink on Boston, man.
Come on.
Flacco's got more titles than Tuca.
Well, no, that's not true.
I mean, Joe Flacco led.
I know I'm not saying Tuca led the Bruins to one,
but if we're going to be big J's here, we've got to keep it real out in the field.
Right, but I'm saying it's like people are using that comparison
where they thought maybe it was the defense that got Baltimore their championship
where they constantly struggle with the fact, is Tuca elite?
Is he a number one?
I believe he is.
And you're saying that people use that 7 million against him.
I hate when people use salary against him because it was all
Tell us why.
Is he a free agent at the right time?
What's his value?
Is he a number one?
There could be worse problems to have than overpaying a goalie by maybe a million or two bucks.
Thank you.
Dude, if some moron that owns an AV company and he hires you to make 900,000 to fix TVs and you come fix my TV and I find out your salary, I'm like, you fucking pigeon.
You make 900,000 to do this?
He's like, well, what are you going to be mad at me for?
I was given the contract.
It's the most foolish argument in the in the world it makes no sense to me but he was
and actually one thing i we did say before the series tuka would probably have to steal a game
and that was pretty much it right there um the only question i have oh quickly just one no i
actually have a bunch you know or one a series quick no quickly i want to mention
marshawn that move he he pulled off on morgan riley in the first period the spinorama move
to get like oh dude did you see it it was insane he i don't know even how you do that he like you
basically put your back to the defender who pretty much is then just has to slide over but he's able
to do it so quickly that he spins off you, and then he had a mini breakaway.
Anderson saved it, but it was a move that kind of had me blown away.
Kenny Savad, Spinarama.
Well, Grinelli, why don't you bring up something you wanted to talk about regarding Marchand?
Well, so yeah, guys, boys, in the Players' Tribune today, Marchand wrote an article,
and I was talking about it with Biz before.
Didn't write.
Didn't write. Didn't write.
Let's clarify this.
Players Tribune, you tell the guy
Tell the guy what to say.
I'll even go as far as to say they asked
me to do a Players Tribune. The guy flew to Vancouver.
We did it.
When it was written down on paper, it sounded nothing like
me and I told him I don't want that going
out. Nothing against them.
It's just like that's not me.
I want it to represent me.
Now, some players, they might have been represented the way they wanted to,
or some players maybe just don't care enough.
My guy just made me look like the best writer on the planet telling my story in Russia.
I was like, I'm not turning that one down.
There you go.
I'm going to think at least one of those guys writes them. No?
I mean, there's gotta be... No? None?
Wow. That's my call. I don't know.
So, in the piece Marchand
put together for...
that he put together for the Players' Tribune,
you know, he really credits guys like
Greg Campbell and
you know,
a bunch of the older guys that
Chris Kelly, a bunch of the older guys that played on know, Chris Kelly, a bunch of the older
guys that played on that 2011 team
for really helping mold him off
the ice and on the ice in the playoffs.
So me and Biz were talking before, and
you know, does Toronto have
any guys like that, like
Chris Kelly or like Greg Campbell,
that, you know, can really mold these young
guys for the playoffs?
Patty Marleau?
Patty Marleau's a good one, but he's never won.
But Chris Kelly, you know, he hadn't won until he won in Boston.
Neither had Greg Campbell.
Patty Marleau's a good one.
Ron Hainsey, I mean, he's had a hell of a career.
He got a cup last year in Pittsburgh.
But, no, I know what you're saying.
I mean, I feel like more than anything you could just lean and look at Chara.
I mean, Chara's kind of changed everything.
Ever since he got to Boston, I mean, Bergeron, I think, learned a lot from him.
Bergeron's the true captain of that team now, if you ask me.
But it's true.
Toronto doesn't really have  they're kind of having these young guys do everything on their own.
But I think one of the main reasons bringing Marleau in wasn't just that he could still skate and still score.
He had over 30 again this year.
marlo in wasn't just that he could still skate and still score he had over 30 again this year but it was that they needed a little bit more of a veteran influence especially a guy who's
been a pro pro i mean listen like patrick marlo if you want to do it a certain way you do it like
that guy i mean he's just every year consistent so not enough emphasis gets really put on uh on
having like a good core group it's like so you look at some of these teams that have won for
so long like look at san jose how they can keep restocking and being i know they haven't
won and that's going to be used against them but every year they're relevant and they've been
relevant for probably 12 years um and what's that i think they've made the playoffs 14 the last 15
years so that's exactly what you're saying that's a big time and and they usually they always have
that same core group of guys or have for a while i know marlo took off but they always like uh
regenerate it's kind of like how detroit did for so long where once you get that core group of guys
you can't let it go and they do so much for the guys that they're bringing up in order to teach
them how to win how to be true professionals and I mean, look at Boston's core group.
That's a pretty solid core group of guys.
You've got Chicago, who's got a good, solid core group of guys.
You've got Pittsburgh.
All the successful teams, they have one thing in common.
They just keep reloading and reloading.
Like a starfish biz.
There's like two or three of the same fingers today,
but the other ones
break off and then they grow new ones.
You just get a new puck rushing
defensively. You keep your captain,
you keep your Jonathan Taves and your Zdeno
Chars and your Pratish Bergerons
but other guys are replaceable.
Some guys aren't and you build around those guys.
The work ethic, the
office habits, the preparation, all
those little things, they help all those young guys coming up grow.
And they also, I mean, you know, but the starfish can never lose that one finger that it's able to, like, play with himself with.
So, like, it's like you can't lose the most important finger on the starfish.
You got to have that one that never goes away, and that's the core we're talking about, right? He lost me on the starfish you got to have that one that never goes away and that's the core we're talking about right i he lost me on the starfish analogy i tried to keep going with it well all i have to
say about the the whole core is exactly like i think of chicago they had a different team for
three different cups yet they had the same core for all of them you know and pittsburgh pretty much the
exact same thing so you need to have a core now saying all this who is toronto's core all right
i got matthews marner neilander riley on d i'm not going to include gardner because he's he's
amazing sometimes and horrible sometimes and i don't know where how long he'll be there but
that's four guys right there do you think anyone else is and maybe anderson i mean he signed a five-year deal he's in
the core i would say he's definitely one of the core pieces that that they want there and i mean
he's probably their most valuable player throughout the regular season on a consistent basis at least
from what i've heard in that core win a cup well i mean here's the thing is is uh we we've seen i mean matthews kneelander and
marner have been pretty quiet this series and that's why we talked about you need those guys
who establish themselves and you got that core group that moves up who knows how to win in
playoffs and i know it sounds very cliche but marshall and bergeron did it at young ages yeah
yeah i mean when they were there i I mean, I was fairly young,
but, I mean, there's still some room for these guys to grow.
But, I mean, how long are the older guys going to be around
to show them how to be true professionals and get over that hump?
Like JVR, he's a UFA this summer.
He's going to get at least 6.5 million a year.
He had over, what, he had 36 goals right around there.
And so he's getting paid.
I don't think they'll be able to keep him.
So it's going to be interesting in T.O. it's like they have a team that's very close but
do they have what it takes to get to that next level and and i think of like you know they have
matthews but there's crosby and malcolm and there's kane and taves like who's the other superstar with
matthews and i'm not ready to say marner and and Nylander won't be but they aren't yet so yeah
and it did take those guys I think what Sid was probably in his fourth or fifth year by the time
he won a cup uh let me think rookie year we were shit second year we lost in the first round first
in the playoffs and then you third year third year we lost in the finals fourth year he won
it and I got traded after the loss of the finals finals but it's a cliche we've talked about on before what's a bunch of it's a cliche but because it's
true it's that you have to learn how to win and how to do that as you lose you know you have to
lose you have to have that sting of losing and that's how you know what it takes more and it's
the classic story of you know gretzky losing to the 83 islanders and seeing them in the dressing
room and they weren't all celebrating they were all laying there like all dead tired, like with ice bags on them.
And he realized,
okay,
we're not paying a high enough a price.
And I think that's just something that people go through.
And as far as Toronto,
they do have a great young core,
but yeah,
there's no one there.
Cause there's no one of older passing it on to them.
Cause there's no winning legacy.
They're passing on.
These guys are kind of starting that legacy that,
you know,
in five,
six years,
those draft picks are going to be looking up to Matthews and Marner and stuff.
And by the way, we didn't bring it up last show because we were covering the games from
that night.
But how about fucking Freddie Anderson save the other night on David Pasternak, which
would have made it a 4-3 game and not so much that it would have changed the game, just
appreciation from a fan perspective.
And you know what it reminded me of was Maddie Rooney saving the Olympics.
She saved the exact same type of save.
She was a desperation, reached out with her stick, saved the gold medal for the U.S.
And, you know, fucking Freddie made the exact same type of save.
Just I thought he deserved props.
A little delayed, but we got to give him his due for those.
No, that was delayed.
And there was another part of this series that was delayed, and I forgot to bring it up the other night.
That was delayed, and there was another part of this series that was delayed,
and I forgot to bring it up the other night.
I don't know if you guys caught at the end of game two in the garden,
some guy  did I bring this up?
Did I bring this up?
Because I was on Ambien, remember?
So I don't remember anything.
Did I bring up the question somebody asked Marner  I mean Matthews after that game?
Oh, I saw it on Instagram.
Dude, what a joke.
He's so pissed off, and the guy asks him, the guy says to him, like, in your wildest imagination, could you have figured you'd be sitting here after two games, just not necessarily down two, but the line you're playing against has 20 points and you have zero?
No.
You're basically looking for him to look you in the eye and say, fuck you.
Dude, you're basically looking for him to just sucker punch you.
Like, what kind of question is that from a reporter?
Like, how are you supposed to answer that?
I hate reporters who do that shit, dude.
If you're going to ask a question, you can ask a legit question.
I know you kind of hate it, but you kind of love it because it gives us something to talk about.
And it gives us a little drama.
She's like fans like, oh, about and it gives us a little drama. That's like
fans like, oh my god, that was a dirty
hint. Like, oh,
they got to fight. Like all these new school
fans where it's like, let's know what you're
talking about. You're online
talking about it. You're on Twitter. You're
yelling at your computer screen saying,
oh, you should get player safety.
Department
of Player Safety's been busy, actually.
Oh, God.
They could give a guy 20 games, they're going to get fucked you every single way.
There's no winning.
The old school fans against the new school fans.
It's like the liberals and the conservatives.
Did you think Kucherov should have been suspended?
No.
Right, I didn't think he should because I didn't think Dowdy should.
But what was the difference between Kucherov's hit and Doughty's hit?
So I actually was working today.
Brian Lawton was working with us, and he did like a
he kind of went through all the suspendable hits so far
and kind of showed the difference.
So Doughty's like  Doughty's and Kucherov's look so similar,
but Kucherov just buries Votnin like kind of right beneath his head,
like right in his shoulder, buries him.
It's a beautiful, open, clean ice hit.
And Doughty comes over.
It's the same type thing, but his shoulder just catches the guy's face.
It is what it is.
That was the only difference.
Same exact hit except for not getting the guy in the head first if you're Kucherov
and if you're Doughty, your first point of contact, drilling him in the face.
But, I mean, it's
so hard. I would not. George Prowse
has a tough gig. Worst gig in the world.
He's got the worst gig because
people are pissed at him. You just get shit on.
People literally are pissed at him no matter what the
decision. It's like
being an NHL referee or linesman.
If you drop the puck perfectly,
you either got Boyd Gordon
yelling at you or you got Patrice Bergeron.
Whoever lost a faceoff is going to be fucking you up and down the ice.
And then if you're a ref and you make a call and it's the right one, you're still going to get yelled at.
You've still got fans bitching about you online.
I would be the worst referee in NHL history.
I would be online just giving it back to people.
You'd be like dropping your whistle.
I'd be in the crowd after games just chucking knuckles with guys hey i actually wanted to tell george
paros because when i played with him in anaheim like i actually wanted to call the department of
player safety on him after pre-game meals because this dude would get like four bowls of soup and
nine rolls and he'd be dipping his buttered rolls in the soup food Food would get everywhere. You couldn't sit within three seats of him.
Shit would be flying over his shoulder, out of his mouth, out of his nose.
He'd be snotting up bread and soup.
I'm like, dude, you're going to be suspended for this.
He'd be getting it all over his crossword.
I'm kind of surprised that players eat, like, buttered roll.
Like, that's just something I don't expect players to fucking eat.
Yeah, but he's shredded.
He's got shredded.
If I eat enough buttered rolls, I look like a butted roll.
Hey, here's a funny one.
So since we're going to move into the Washington Columbus series,
Gordo, Boyd Gordon, did you play with him in Edmonton?
No, I missed him.
Oh, okay.
So he's an unbelievable guy.
I heard it's a treat.
He hates the publicity.
He doesn't want anything to do with social media or technology.
But regarding the eating situation pre-game meals so when he used to play in washington with ovechkin
he used to fucking hate because ovi would go over and he would take the tomato uh ladle is it called
a ladle a spoon yes ladle yeah the ladle to like put the sauce on the pasta oh like the thing with
the thought that the tongs and like at the kind of a spoon yeah it's a spoon to put the sauce on the pasta? Oh, like the thing with the
tongs and the kind of a spoon?
Yeah, it's a spoon to put the...
It's a fucking ladle, man.
It's just fucking Christ. Let's not overthink this.
So he would take
the one out of the tomato one
and he would put it on his pasta
and then he would go right over to the Alfredo
and dip the same one
in the Alfredfredo dip
the ladle and gordo this would drive him absolutely up the fucking wall and he basically would call
ovi like a farm animal because he just had he didn't care about anything he was just like
i'm just like shit everywhere all the time and he's another thing to bring even further is
on the road uh you know sometimes you only
get like two or three uh stalls to take pisses in yeah well obviously to take shits too sorry
he would be the guy who would keep the seat down and piss all over the seat and there'd only be a
couple shitters so like anytime you go in there after obi there'd be pissed all over the fucking seat. So this guy is a fucking farm animal.
No, he's a Russian, is what he is.
Like, that
dip in the sauce, that's where it's like double-dipping
because at least when you double-dip, it's the same flavor.
Like, if you're not dipping, like, cross sauces
and shit, that's sick.
You can't have Alfredo
at a matter of an hour.
I'd rather you bang my old lady than cross
the sauces pre-hand meal. That's like pre- It just doesn't work. I'd rather you bang my old lady than cross the sauces pregame meal.
That's like pre-crushed.
Like, I'd rather
walk in
by my old lady getting stuffed by three dudes
than see that at pregame meal.
I'm here for the
gangbang. Dude, if you double
dip your chip, I'd rather you just
roast everyone in my family.
Get away. Just everyone.
Pig roast.
Well, hey, getting back to that series.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
We got a series.
The only one that's won 2-2, right?
Yeah, thank God for all you hockey fans out there.
I'm shocked to say this.
I really am.
But I said the first round would be the best round.
And it's by far and away going to probably be the worst.
There's going to be one game that's guaranteed.
I witted it.
I shit-kneed it.
There's going to be only one series is guaranteed to go to game six.
And we actually have a worst-case scenario of the Bruins winning on Saturday, Nashville winning tomorrow. And oh,
no, no, no, no. Now we definitely get a game Sunday. If if Washington hadn't won tonight,
we might not even have a hockey game on Sunday. But now we're good because those guys will be
playing in game six. But that series is to no surprise because Washington's a better team,
I think. I think overall they are. And when they lost those two games at home,
they played better than Columbus.
I thought Columbus, even Tortorella said
the best game they played was game three when they lost.
And it's just, that's hockey.
I mean, it's just fucked up sport.
But they got beat to a pulp tonight in Columbus.
By the way, on NHL Now, we interviewed one of the guys
who shoots off the cannon
right dude you should have seen his bio i read his bio beforehand this was his bio
lived above a taco bell for one year never ate there once owned a tarantula in elementary school
and then the last best one was had a rat tail in high school.
I actually had a rat tail, too.
I was like, who the fuck am I interviewing?
Yeah, this guy's a greasy son of a bitch.
Speaking of the cannon, when you look at it,
Bob Brofsky's helmet, it totally looks like a prick.
Like, you can't help but look at his helmet thing. And then they cut the wheels, so it looks like a big nutsack underneath it.
It's like, wow, is that dedicated to scott hot now or what or is that dedicated to your boy
josh holmes now john holmes touching on the canon guy yeah i didn't hear the interview you said you
interviewed him yeah we interviewed him i was like what are you interviewing this guy for now i
respect this about anyone who has a job is when they take it very seriously, but some jobs don't necessarily have to be taken that seriously.
Now I've found in life when you look at,
when you,
when you see maybe jobs that shouldn't be taken seriously,
often they're the ones that are taken the most seriously.
Oh yeah.
For instance,
so this year we were,
I was going to the NHL all-star game and Howler was going,
our mascot,
not a big deal.
And I wanted to run a funny skit where I was actually the one who was the mascot all season because the Coyotes were making me do it.
And then I would go in between the mascot hockey game and I would just fucking snap on all the other mascots because we were getting shelled.
And it ends up coming back
to me from our like guy who's basically my boss and he's like yeah like there's like a code with
like the the mascots and you can't really like clown them and i'm like are you fucking kidding
me like like what and wait the guys who dress up as animals yeah like furries he was so not down with me putting on his costume like
that like i like it goes back to like i think he would have rather me walk walk in on uh on his
old lady getting crushed kind of thing than me put his fucking mascots mascot suit on like to him
it's like dude would you go on into the fucking locker room and put on all of our Ekman Larson skates and try skating around.
Well,
no,
don't touch my howl motherfucker.
But legitimately,
like I said,
like jobs that you should probably take seriously.
Like I probably wouldn't like,
for instance,
if he's like,
can I play your position tonight in an NHL game?
I'd be like,
sure.
Yeah.
Give it a go.
Go ahead.
All I want to do is make a couple of fans laugh with a fucking skit with a
mascot. And, and I'm getting, I'm getting looked at like I'm like a racist or something. Dude, Go ahead. All I wanted to do was make a couple fans laugh with a fucking skit with a mascot,
and I'm getting looked at like I'm a racist or something.
Dude, you were breaking the sanctity of the furry union.
Dude, there is a legit furry fucking subset out there.
It's not necessarily mascot uniforms, although I'm sure there's a subset for that.
But these people, they're fucking not just sexual. They like to wear these furry uniforms, and then there is a subset for that. But like these people, like they they're fucking not just sexual.
They like to wear these fur uniforms.
And then there is a sexual part to like like to get on like fucking the shining style.
But let me get this straight.
I totally respect the fact that they take that job seriously because that's why they're so good at what they do.
Now, we could even keep going with this with jobs that shouldn't be as taken seriously as they are. How about the anthem singer from the Nashville Predators last year being mad that they were bringing all those A-list celebrities?
We talked about that before you were on here.
That was part of  we did like an episode talking about that.
The guy ended up saying  the guy ended up getting fired, didn't he?
He got fired, I think.
I think he took out like an ad in the paper saying how he's like stepping away.
Like people give a fuck that you're stepping away.
We got Keith Urban singing the national anthem
for the crowd.
Everybody's hyped up,
and you think they give a fucking care about the...
They think they care about the background noise?
No.
Yeah, it's like an extra walking off a Hollywood set.
It's like, yeah, okay, buddy,
don't let the door hit you in the ass.
And this ain't Rene Rancourt status.
If it's Rene, I'm starting the petition.
Oh, dude.
I am not a Rene Rancourt guy.
I know.
I just did that to stir your pot.
Dude, fuck Rene Rancourt, dude.
He goes to weddings and shit, signs autographs at weddings.
Okay, let's tell the story.
If you haven't made your wedding wedding you're a piece of trash okay so yeah keith yandel told me the story about when he showed up to a
wedding a couple summers ago and renee raincourt like showed up to sing the anthem and then already
now keith yandel's nights ruined and then after it was all said and done they're trying to like
give speeches and stuff and renee Rancourt's in the corner taking
pictures with his Stanley Cup ring and people
and they're not even paying attention to the people getting married.
Is this what happens in Boston?
You can't show up at a wedding with a
ruined Stanley Cup ring on. You might as well just have a white
fucking dress on and steal it.
It's probably a New Hampshire wedding, too.
Forget about it.
One pump. Two pumps. You want three? Three
pumps. Get back in
where the Zamboni goes, Rene.
I would give for three pumps, Wits.
Hey, so when I was playing with the Manchester
Monarchs, the year we won the Calder Cup, not a big deal,
he sang the
anthem in Worcester one night, and obviously it was the
biggest crowd they've ever had there, because they always
get like 500 people.
And he was in the hallway
warming up and he was like kind of like going through his head you know visualization shit
and some kid tried to like come up and like get a picture with him it was like tapping him but you
could tell he was in the zone and like trying to ignore this kid and and renee kind of snapped on
this kid for trying to get a picture but but rightfully so renee was trying to get in the zone there's a lot of pressure on him before these games everybody's there to see him and this kid for trying to get a picture. But rightfully so, Rene was trying to get in the zone.
There's a lot of pressure on him before these games.
Everybody's there to see him, and this kid was kind of like getting in his kitchen.
And Rene was like, hey, man, I'm practicing.
Give me a minute.
Dude, that was an AHL game.
If that kid had done that before a National League game,
he would have slapped him right in the face.
As a bodyguard, he would have just had somebody slice his throat.
Who let the kid in the green room anyways?
I mean, I know there's a green room at that AHL arena up in Manchester somewhere.
She was, like, in the tunnel way while we were going out.
And once I saw him, I was so excited.
I've never  it was like a fucking 10-hour energy.
I got a buddy who's a Rene Diehardy.
Like, I think he's, like, trying to write a book on him.
He's, like, trying to, like, interview him and stuff. Rene's like, get away from's trying to write a book on him. He's trying to interview him and stuff.
Rene's like, get away from me, dude. You're a scrub.
Hey, should we
talk about hockey? Should we talk about that
series between Washington and Columbus?
Start us off, Rene. What do you got for us?
Well, obviously
what I saw tonight
was mostly the Bruins. Unfortunately, they were going
head-to-head.
I was able to see parts of it.
I didn't see the whole flow of the game.
I don't know if Bob Brodsky had a good game
or a bad game, to be honest with you, because
again, I had the Bruins on. But I know he had
three goals on, I think
32 shots. But Hopi
gave up one goal, man. And like I said,
that was the difference to me.
I think Hopi's track record is what it is.
59 starts
going into the series uh his numbers are pretty incredible but borowski was three and ten with
some bad numbers and i think that's kind of leveling off man we didn't see it the first
couple games because we had grubauer uh but what kind of water finance level hope he's playing like
the hope we've always known uh like i like i've called it a known commodity and that's what we're
seeing and i i wouldn't be surprised if honestly if Washington wins the next
two going away
okay here I got a little hypothetical
for you guys
considering both you guys are such lemons
if you had the opportunity
you drive a lemon dude
lemons or lemmings
listen to what I'm saying here
now this series is now tied 2-2
if you had the opportunity
right now in order to switch your pick would you do it are you sticking with your guns
i'm gonna preface that by saying i'm gonna answer that question by telling you i'm betting on the
san jose sharks to beat the vegas golden knight so i'm gonna keep my pick of columbus i'm not switching
shit i stick to my guns dude they may not be good guns they may be melon guns they may shoot sideways
they may explode and blow my own face off mad respect for that i'm sticking to my guns and
panarin's incredible like he had a night off tonight but he could easily go in and dominate
game five i am worried that now it's two out of three in Washington. I'm very worried about that.
Now I offer you the same offer,
R.A. Are you sticking with
Washington, or would you take Columbus?
I'm sticking with Washington.
I had them in six,
and honestly, it may happen.
I think the tide swung
a little bit. You know,
Holpe is outplaying Bob Brodsky, which is kind
of my theory going into it
which you know their track records were what they were and Bob Brofsky has to prove he's a playoff
goalie until he does he's going to carry this reputation you know they didn't start hope he
they went with Grubauer went down oh two they brought hope in and he's been fucking lights
out since man uh and just if anything I would double down if I if I could say give me if you
would give me five to one Washington and six I'd throw a fucking dime on it right now.
So, yeah, I wouldn't touch a thing.
If I had a dime to bet.
And the reason I asked that was because if Columbus, in fact, loses this series,
you're going to be 0-4 so far on your picks.
And then not even looking remotely close like i could get well
oh i think i'll get winnipeg because the bruins are going to win and i picked toronto
that's what i'm saying so you're right now up to date the series we've talked about today you've
lost la versus vegas you've lost anaheim to san jose you've lost well more than likely you're
going to lose the bruins uh beat the leafs that was now now i think washington's going to win this series and I'm going to finish
2-2 and you're going to be 0 for the fucking century.
Yeah, and dude, I think with
the NHL network, all
the analysts did a little tournament.
In that one, I picked
Columbus to go to the Cup.
Was there
LSD laced with that
Ambien you were taking?
No, I don't know why.
I think I was just trying to be like crazy guy, like, oh, crazy pick.
And then if it works, you just look like a genius.
So it probably makes sense that we move on to the Nashville series against Colorado.
Dude, dude, dude.
Nashville's a fucking wagon.
Dude, Nashville's a fucking wagon.
Okay, game three, the Rontanen-Landeskog-McKinnon line took over.
They had a bunch of points.
It's known.
You just have to shut them down.
Nashville's going to win.
My lock of the century for everyone listening, my lock of the eternity is Nashville game five at home.
Do you know who's playing goal for Colorado in that game?
The Hamburglar.
The Hamburglar.
Varlamov's out for the year, and now Bernier's out.
He left the game. He's out. And now they've got
the Hamburglar going back to Nashville
where they've won 15 of the last 17
home playoff games.
Is it a trap
game, though?
If it's a trap game,
what do they call the trap hole?
Is that a thing?
That's a thing.
What is it, Grinnelli?
If it's a trap game, I'm a trap hole.
Grinnelli, I designated
20-something to fill us in on the
younger millennial lingo.
He's on the higher end of the millennial thing.
I know he hates it.
The Internet's passing me by.
The Internet's passing me by.
But they had a good start.
Nashville had a bunch of bad starts.
Even at home, the two games they won, they didn't start well.
They had a great start the other night.
We saw another suspension.
We saw Ryan Hartman's suspension on Soderbergh hit,
coming through the neutral zone, caught him in the head, came up.
I thought it was definitely worth the game, maybe
two. I think he got one game.
But... Josh
Morrissey, too, for fucking cracking
stall in the neck slash head, he got a game
too. That happened after our last episode
as well. I can't keep
track anymore, boys.
Who are the two Stewart brothers,
Biz? Anthony and Chris.
One of them sent a tweet out that was hilarious.
It was like Oprah doing the, you get a thing, you get a thing.
And he goes, you get a hearing with DOPS.
You get a hearing with DOPS.
Yeah.
It's amazing.
Now, I don't even want to get this going.
I was going to talk about the fighting issue and how it seems as though there weren't that many player safety meetings with guys when guys were throwing the knuckles every night.
But I don't even want to get into it.
Yeah, I think, Paul, it's just that, like, you know, they want to try to protect the heads of the head.
Fighting has gone away.
I think the younger generation, you know, there are some guys who will fight.
What are guys scared of anymore?
They might lose 5,000 or they might miss a couple games.
Fuck, it's a free vacation.
Most of those guys are making 5,000, 6,000,000.
They don't give a shit.
I don't think guys are.
It's like going to a little bender.
Wait, when you say afraid of what?
Like payback, somebody with a cross check?
When you say afraid, afraid of what?
But I'm saying there's nothing to be afraid of, man.
Like when I started playing pro hockey,
like if I thought about maybe going high on someone,
I had to worry about Jablonski shoving needles in his ass and then coming to pop my brain off with shots to the head.
And that fear of violence and retribution from other guys against you for maybe going dirty on one of their players,
it played a factor in me staying in
my lane and yeah and and i there's none of that anymore it's turned into college hockey where
it's just like oh big deal you're gonna you're gonna have to answer to george peros and get two
three games and they're gonna pee pee wacky with a ten thousand dollar fine or it's just
this is like there's no fear like what are worried about? They don't have to answer the bell.
It's just, I feel like there's no storylines anymore in NHL hockey games,
especially during the regular season.
And I get that the skill's been elevated for the reason of getting rid of a few dinosaurs as a team.
But there's got to be guys who can play and throw it around a little bit.
Remember how cool it was? Now, mind you, this is coming from me. got to be guys who can play and throw throw throw it around a little bit and remember uh remember
how cool it was like now mind you this is coming from me i'm a complete pussy i want nothing to do
with fighting sure remember remember remember with that remember how cool remember how cool it was
like uh back um before colorado played detroit after dino's uh after uhino Cicerelli got buried.
Or not, Chris Draper got buried.
Chris Draper, yeah.
Got buried by Claude Lemieux.
And then the next year, and leading up,
SportsCenter was talking about they're playing, they're playing.
And then Darren McCarty dummied him off the faceoff.
It was just like, it is pretty cool to think back of like,
what's this team going to do to get some uh retribution on this game and it
doesn't happen anymore and that's why the game's faster and more skilled and there's more goals but
that's a part of the game though it is pretty cool the fans that's yeah the passion's wherever
it's gone forever well i mean it's it's definitely more of a pearl clutch in society you know it's
like everyone's like oh my god like they don't want to show violence because if there's some
guy like the other night like the cross check on the head from Marci onto Eric Stahl,
that happened fucking 17 times a game,
every game of the playoffs in 1983.
I don't think that shit needs to happen.
I'm talking more about if something like that does happen,
that fucking guy's getting grabbed
and somebody's beating the wheels off.
None of this like, oh, well, it costs us a game.
Like, I hope he has a hearing.
Like, shut the fuck up.
Just have someone handle it themselves.
Like, it's just like, ah, it just melts my skull.
I know I'm old school and people, the smart, nerdy people are going to be like,
oh, what a meathead.
He wants violence, like concussions and this.
And I'm not, I don't want that either.
But there's got to be a balance.
You're not advocating violence.
You're just advocating... That's hockey. That's hockey
at its highest level. It's most visible.
It's what... Everyone
here is agreeing to this. No one is like,
oh, I don't agree with these rules. Everybody in the NHL...
Grinnelli's shaking his head.
Grinnelli's shaking his head. He doesn't like it.
Fuck you, Grinnelli.
Everybody knows the drill. So if you get fucking cross-checked and someone's going to come in any child is shaking his head. Grinnelli shaking his head. Fuck you. Grinnelli. Everybody,
everybody knows the drill.
So if you get fucking cross-checked and someone's going to come in,
fucking clean it up.
But it's,
and Whit was talking about that Detroit Colorado rivalry.
They still play those clips before those teams play to pump up the action.
Oh yeah.
People just like,
so you don't want it,
but you love it.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Who, uh, did you, Who else didn't we touch on?
Oh, we didn't touch on the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Oh, that one's over.
And that's so over.
But, like, dude, I was kind of like, you know, beginning of the year they were shit.
And then after January 1, they're the best team in the league.
And now they're buzzing.
But even though going into the playoffs, I was like, I don't think they'd win the cup.
They actually might win the cup again because now I'm thinking whoever they play next round, they're going to dummy.
Washington has zero chance to beat them if it's Washington.
I would actually give Columbus a bigger chance to beat Pittsburgh than Washington would.
That's my call.
That's my hot take of the night.
But Pittsburgh, I mean,
the guys that scored the first four goals the other
night, Malkin,
Crosby, Letang, Kessel.
Are you kidding me?
Going back to the core group.
Nobody else can match that.
They got those three guys out there.
I guess there's Ovechkin, Kuznetsov,
Backstrom, but that's not those three.
Malkin's insane.
Crosby took over the record holder for points in the playoffs by a Pittsburgh Penguins.
He passed Mario Lemieux.
Ever heard of him?
Mario Lemux is the guy at the Garden said.
And then after the game, they were asking Malkin about it.
He goes, yeah, I'm coming too.
Like Malkin's going to end up passing Lemieuxieux like what are the chances when they got these two guys if you got when they got
crosby and lemieux and they had crosby and malcolm they had all this hype i was there when it happened
and they had all this hype but like how good were they really gonna be like mario lemieux is here
and like can you end up like being someone of him they have more cups than he got and they're both
gonna have more points in the playoff so it's like what whatever they had dreamed of in terms of pittsburgh fangmans fans and hope that their like ceiling
would be it's all come true and for them to actually have a chance to win three in a row
it's now looking like this could actually happen i know it's only one series and they haven't even
won the first round yet but they look dynamic and matt murray looks like he's in the zone
no they do look good wits but you know fucking brian elliott hasn't you know like he's in the zone. No, they do look good, Wits, but, you know, fucking Brian Elliott hasn't.
He looked bad the first game, and it's
like, you know, like Haxtell
kept him in for five fucking goals
instead of taking him out after the third goal
where he should have. He kept him in and says he's our guy,
and then he yanks him early
in the fucking third game, and it's like, oh, I'm going to give him
a breather. It's like, which is it, pal?
If I'm a Flyers fan, I would hate
fucking that guy. Just be consistent
either.
Stick with him the whole time, but don't go with him at all.
He gives one excuse, then not another.
Pittsburgh, I'm not discrediting them.
I know their fucking fans are basically
the Patriots fans in the NHL. They get all
sensitive every time you talk about their team.
I'm not going to be that impressed
if they beat the Flackard Flyers because the Flyers
haven't really been giving them the best punch at all.
I've been pretty disappointed, to be honest with you.
They've just been babies, man.
At least throw a cheap shot like the old Flyers, like Biz says.
Yeah, well, I mean.
I don't know.
Not on Pittsburgh, though.
The country you're talking about.
Yeah, I've got Penguins alumni.
Yeah, this is a Penguins podcast.
Also, Couturier not being able to play.
I felt so bad.
The guy gets... Oh, he didn't play?
The guy gets named Selkie
trophy finalist. He doesn't even get to play
the next playoff game. What a fucking joke.
And as much as we hate Gouda, it wasn't
his fault. It was a complete fluke accident. It just
sucks. But if you give me...
Looking way ahead,
looking way ahead,
I mean, if you ever gave me Boston-Pittsburgh in the Eastern Conference Finals,
I'm going to have a four-inch rocket in these shorts of mine for all seven games because that would be fun as shit. Yeah, it would.
And the last time it happened, the Bruins beat the shit out of them.
So it would be different little different story now
but um that's kind of how it's looking i mean boston tampa is going to be pretty special also
um i'm convinced that uh sydney crosby is methodical in the way he plays his seasons now
and he just puts it in neutral till playoff time and yeah and and everyone's like ah he's kind of
falling off a
little bit he's not leading the league in scoring every year he doesn't give a shit about your
scoring titles in regular season i know it was like the year where he had like 30 points before
the all-star game and then he just was like okay all right you know what yeah let's start trying
that's a great point man i wonder if he's now like doing that like he's now doing that. But he doesn't care.
He's not going to bust his ass in January so he can have a three-point night.
He's going to play smart enough so they can get the two points,
didn't exert himself, didn't put himself in harm's way,
and slowly ramp it up when the time matters.
And it happens every fucking year.
I fucking love that guy.
He's the best in the world.
Honest to God, I think he's the greatest hockey player to ever live. Dude, I fucking love that guy. He's the best in the world. Honest to God,
I think he's the greatest hockey player to ever live.
Dude, I know this sounds crazy. They put up a thing today. He's fourth all time in points per
game in the playoffs. The first guy in today's era, the first guy is Wayne Gretzky at like 1.74
points per game. And these numbers, I'm right around these numbers. They're not exact, but I'm
right there because my brain is a little off.
Next is Mark Massier at like 1.2.
Next is Yari Curry at like 1.17.
And then there's Crosby at 1.14.
So those three guys.
When goalies weren't wearing phone books for pads.
Those three guys played in an hour when you got points.
It was point night in the playoffs sometimes.
Oh, the first round
was like nba dude he's doing it now and and then peter forsberg i think was fifth and in terms of
career points per game so he kind of did it in a different era also these are race stats yeah no
these are real life these are real this is nhl network stats if i hadn't seen him tonight i
wouldn't know him i'll tell you that but crosby is maybe doing a little bit. You're right. I'm like the Brady.
Like, I don't care about anything but championships.
Like, that's all he cares.
He's obsessed.
I can't bet against him.
And then he won the last two cons mice, too.
He gets to the playoffs.
They don't just win it all.
He wins MVP of the playoffs.
It's a joke.
Yeah, he's nuts.
That's kind of that's kind of my philosophy when it comes to it.
Like getting dressed up.
I only look good when I have to.
You don't have to look good.
Wait a minute.
Have you looked in the mirror today, R.A.?
Wouldn't that entail maybe once in a while looking half-decent?
Well, once a year.
Crosby only has to look good once a year to play us.
Do you even own a fucking suit?
No.
Does he even own jeans?
You're in sweatpants every day.
Well, here's the thing. I think we're going to get
the New Balance sponsorship.
So we're going to get him some nice tracksuitos.
So, Crosby, on the verge of
moving on to the second round, I think that
will get done pretty soon. Flyers look like
trash per usual. And there's one more
series in the East that's at 3-1.
That is the New Jersey Devils who had a chance
to tie it up the other night at the Prudential Center
and Tampa showed why
Tampa is a legit Stanley Cup
contender. Nikita Kucherov, who right now is
tied with Sid for the lead league in points
in the playoffs, not only did he score two goals,
he ran over
Sammy Vathton in a huge hit.
I don't know how Vathton didn't see him coming.
Not only did he bury the guy, but the guy didn't even travel down to Tampa for Game 5.
So I'm on the verge of saying that that's another lock that Tampa ends that series in Game 5 down there at home.
Yeah, that one I knew was over when it started.
When the matchups came up, you knew it was over?
Nashville, Tampa were the two locks.
I would have put my life on those.
Yeah.
Yeah, Tampa's just too deep.
I thought, I mean, you got to give New Jersey credit because they're playing,
like, similar to Colorado.
I mean, Colorado's showing a lot of heart.
You know, I know that they don't have their number one,
or now their number two goalie.
But they're coming, they're competing, and that's really, like,
an ask for as a fan.
Like, I mean, Jersey's doing what they can.
Our boy Halsey's doing what he can
out there. Schneider's been good.
Schneider's been great. And honestly,
like I mentioned last show, I'm going to probably
fucking beat that drum again as if they
started him to start the series.
Who knows? This series might be
fucking 2-2 right now, not 3-1
because the difference is so fine.
And I think, you know, that coach might be
John Hines could be getting second guess for that.
Also, one thing, too, I know, Biz,
we were supposed to close up the Western Conference early at the beginning,
but I don't get too many chances to do this.
And poor Ryan Getzlaff, because not only does he have to deal with a first-round sweep,
now he's going to deal with Tony Soprano and Pauly Walnuts
and the rest of the crew telling him what to do at the restaurant all the time.
I don't get it.
God damn it, I knew you. I don't get it. God damn it.
I knew you.
I get fucking five Adi Bucco jokes a year.
He looks like Adi Bucco on The Sopranos.
I get to make about four or five jokes a year.
And this is my last Adi Bucco joke.
Hey, boys, I never watched The Sopranos.
Oh, dude.
You're a Canadian, so I'll give you a wave up.
It's actually, Biz, it's unreal.
It's unreal.
And when you started, actually, it's so good.
When I have fucking 20 days on my hands.
Biz, honestly, I know Canada gets some American TV and HBO is fucking weird up there and shit,
but there's two greatest TV dramas of all time.
Actually, the three greatest TV dramas of all time in whatever order you want,
The Sopranos, The Wire, and Breaking Bad.
I know you're a busy dude, but if you
can make time, get on those motherfuckers and
get back to us. One thing I did
want to touch on is the fact that I want to thank
Nashville and Tampa
for playing the teams they did, because if it wasn't
for them, then fucking Witt would
have no wins so far
in the first round. So,
probably the only reason he got to keep his job at NHL Network.
That's a clean shot. I know, I'm actually like uh this podcast has gotten me enough like recognition
in the hockey world in terms of people i work with being like hey i saw your pics dude like
yeah credibility's gone down there's a couple bosses in the building that want to meet with you
uh and i'm like i might i might lose this job i look like i job. I look like I work for the MLB network, and I'm just, like, picking games from, like, based on the mascots who would never let me try their mascot suit on.
I learned that in this episode.
Don't even.
Well, before we finish up, though, Biz, I haven't even caught up with you, bro, away from the podcast.
How was Australia, dude?
Australia was unbelievable unbelievable what were you
doing so the olympic network hired me through a company who was putting on the production they're
doing the olympic network just it's i don't know it's the fucking olympic network do they just show
like old olympics oh yeah a bunch of olympic stuff so what what this 10-episode series is, is developing games in nontraditional places.
So I went there to show the viewer how hockey is progressing in Australia.
So I went to Melbourne where they have two teams.
So they have a semi-professional league that has eight teams, two teams in Sydney.
A couple of the other little towns have them.
And then, of course, two in Melbourne. Melbourne and Sydney are the two biggest cities there.
And Melbourne's kind of like a Toronto slash New York City, very metropolitan.
The restaurants were a joke. I ended up meeting the film crew down there.
There was five or five other people, one girl, four guys, and they were all awesome.
And they were showing me around.
We had a ball.
We went to the arena and saw these kids developing.
A couple years ago, they only had 20 kids playing in the minor system, developing.
They went up to 120.
They've regressed a little bit.
I think they were at 75.
Some kid made it. Some kid made it this year didn't he from washington he played a game yeah yeah they're they're the first ever
australian but uh it was it was cool to see how hard the kids worked and how they wouldn't complain
at all because they were just so happy to be on the ice and playing hockey that's pretty and you
don't really yeah you don't really see that in North America.
Most of the time you see parents telling their kids they have to play.
You're like, I want a Snickers.
Hey, I think I just got an idea, Biz.
Australia, everybody knows it's all like crazy convicts from England
like 200 years ago.
Maybe we should go like
No, not everyone knows that because I didn't know that.
I didn't.
What did you say?
I'm actually about to ask what you just said.
Yeah, Australia used to be like a prison colony for England back when England was the smallest planet in the world but somehow had grand fucking game all over the planet.
And yeah, they used to put a lot of their outcasts and shit in Australia.
I mean, not everyone in Australia is an outcast.
Is that why they play rugby?
But they're fucking animals in Australia.
Long story short.
But they're fucking animals in Australia.
Long story short.
And honestly, Biz, maybe we should start bringing fucking Australians into the NHL and they could start bringing fighting back a little bit because they're savages over there.
Well, that's why they play rugby.
They're nuts.
So rugby, cricket, and Aussie rules football, which is similar to rugby, different field.
Don't even get me fucking started.
But it was cool, and it's a long way away.
They had that semi-professional league there
uh they they're allowed six imports four can play it was like a high level beer league but they had
an exhibition tournament while i was there so i covered that and the two melbourne teams hate
each other so shit got really chippy i saw a guy chuck his helmet any tilt oh yeah well that that
was the one and at the end with like the the guy in the melbourne ice team like chucked his helmet any tilt oh yeah well that that was the one and at the end with like the the
guy in the melbourne ice team like chucked his helmet and like it was like it was like exhibition
game guys were getting mad at the refs and yelling at him i'm like this ref's probably
volunteering his time you know dude there's a kangaroo that's doing the clock in between the
two uh boxes but all in all it was a great experience. And fuck, maybe I'll go play a summer there.
Because it's their winter now.
So their season is just getting going.
B-E-E-R.
Actually, wait, boys.
Before we wrap up after R.A.'s ridiculous quote there.
I don't know what he was talking about.
If you are listening to me right now, you already know about this podcast.
But do you know where to give us feedback on each episode, find out which guests we have coming up, or discover new Barstool podcast launching soon?
That's why we started the Barstool Podcast Club on Facebook, a place for listeners of every podcast on our network to discuss our shows together and stay informed about what Barstool is coming out with next, which is lots and lots of stuff.
and stay informed about what Barstool is coming out with next,
which is lots and lots of stuff.
In this group, there will be daily discussions about new episodes,
a new place for you to promote your own material,
and even find out what other Barstool sports fans are listening to each day.
Spitting chiclets.
Give us your feedback and join the club.
Just head to facebook.com slash groups slash Barstool podcast.
That's facebook.com slash groups slash Barstool podcast.
All you have to do is say this podcast sent you.
Spitting Chiclets with the boys.
Join right now.
Thank you very much and peace out. Let me run with you tonight I'll take you on a moonlight ride
