Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This podcast is presented by MyBookie.ag.
You think you know who's going to win the game tonight?
Football, baseball, basketball, hockey.
Anytime, anytime you want to play, you got to go to MyBookie.ag.
Lay down some cash and get into the action with the safest online sportsbook in the world.
It's the only one we recommend to our listeners.
MyBookie.ag offers all kinds of wages on baseball, hockey, NHL playoffs, NBA playoffs.
Dude, you can even make your own props out.
They have a prop wager.
You just put your own things in, and they give you your own combination, your own algorithm, whatever you want to call it.
Boom.
I mean, a prop machine.
What is anything better than that?
You can't beat the payouts.
Go check them out.
Use the promo code SPIT for a 50 bonus when you deposit.
I wouldn't recommend that if you listen to any site.
That's why we always win with mybookie.ag.
Every game you want is out there.
Plus, you get casino games, blackjack, roulette, craps, all that stuff.
Mybookie.ag has it all.
You play, you win, you get paid.
So if you want to get in on the action this summer,
go to my bookie.
Dot.
A G now and sign up with them using the promo code spit to ensure that
you're eligible for all of our future promotions and bonuses.
Visit Las Vegas from your couch and try them out today.
Once again,
that's my bookie.
Dot.
A G use the promo code SPIT.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to Episode 78 of Spit and Chicklets, brought to you by Bastoul Sports.
Great year, 78, by the way. Say hi to Paul Bissonnette out in Arizona,
Brian Whitney in the nearby suburb of Boston,
and Mikey Grinelli, producer somewhere on the outskirts of Boston.
What's up, gentlemen?
What up, what up, Bruins?
Last night, we had handshakes in the NHL last night.
Washington Capitals won it in six.
I'm not a total dipshit.
That's how I called that series.
They put Hopi in, kind of swung the series.
Biz, what do you got, brother?
Well, first off, even when they went down game two,
I think they shot them two to one.
I was confident in my pick all the way through. I thought they were going to beat  I think I said beat Columbus in six.
I actually called the amount of games, too, so pat on the back to me.
And I've been saying this about Washington ever since the beginning of playoffs.
I feel like this year the pressure was off them.
Everyone else has been talking about Vegas.
Everybody else is talking about Nashville, Tampa Bay.
Oh, my God, the start.
It's almost like, wow, they're like, like finally one year where we win our division
we get home ice advantage but we're really kind of flying under the radar and i thought that this
year they don't have much pressure on them especially as much as years past would you agree
with no hey i'm letting you ran i'm actually laughing looking at you right now your face is
making me laugh but and to boot the whole caps year
you know that saying on shirts and stuff and now they actually believed it was their year
it's almost like it's a joke now but now there's no pressure so it kind of like oh everyone like
caps here haha but it's really not we know it's not but now it's going to be okay so i'm gonna go as far as saying they're gonna beat pit in seven all right here's what i think um the capitals yep they got it done in the
first round ov guaranteed they'd win two on the road they won four straight very impressive hope
he looks good love it there is not one chance that they beat the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Now, have my calls been on this year?
Some would say no. Some would say no.
But having said that, the Pittsburgh Penguins have played the Capitals 10 times.
They're 9-1 in the playoffs.
They're 4-0 in Game 7.
And every single Stanley Cup the Penguins have won in the Crosby-Malconera,
they've beaten the Capitals on the way to the cup so wow i'm with a bad side of the argument i i can serve
good basis but you're still wrong all right oh oh wait you're not finished no i'm finished i'm
finished i'm finished you guys are just so fucking dumb if you think the capitals are going to beat
them but go ahead go ahead all right i don't think the Capitals are going to beat them. But go ahead.
Go ahead.
All right.
I don't think the past matters too much.
I mean, there's probably some psychological baggage there, but I don't know, man.
I think Holtby's, I mean, he's the real deal. He obviously was the goalie who should have been there from the get-go for Washington.
I know we'll probably get a little ahead of ourselves in the second round, but I don't
really have a prediction yet because I'm still in first round mentality right now.
First round mentality.
Yeah, I don't know.
It's like they don't stop playing the second round until the first round ends.
So I don't really have my picks ready.
I mean, I literally get out of work, came here, put the fucking computer on.
So I haven't done any sort of handicap.
And I just wouldn't say, well, they've never beat them, so they can't beat them.
I don't know.
That just doesn't make sense.
I mean, yeah, they beat them a bunch.
What do you mean it doesn't make sense?
Well, it's like saying, oh, I mean.
It's the same rosters.
Right, but I mean, it's like the Bruins didn't beat the Canadians for 70 years, and then whatever it was, then they beat them.
And then they beat them for fucking six years in a row.
I just don't think that all those old teams, I mean, the principals are still there, Sid and Ovi, but there's just a lot of turnover.
I just don't think that's, I mean, whatever principals are still there, Sid and Ovi, but there's just a lot of turnover. I just don't think that's  I mean, whatever.
We'll just agree to disagree.
I don't think the past matters with the series.
All right.
All right.
Thank you for helping me prove my point, one.
Why are you going to sleep?
No, I'm not going to sleep.
I'm actually just  I'm laughing because it is a good point.
I'm going to give you credit that when they win,
it's like at some point they have to win.
So the pass won't matter the first time they win.
But until they do, I'm not going to pick against them.
And, R.A., I didn't mean to jump to the second round.
I just felt it had to go there at that point
because we know Pittsburgh's playing Washington.
We've seen it so many times.
But what I was trying to do is convince you guys,
this time it's different.
I don't think there's as much
pressure on Washington as there has been in the
past. No one's expecting them to win.
Yeah, true.
I said somebody, I was
golfing with this guy today. He's asking me
NHL questions.
The wrong guy to ask.
I was just like, God, I'm not working
right now, buddy. I'm trying to golf. He's like like what about ovi in the caps and i'm like dude i i really can't
explain it part of it is that pittsburgh just has their number crosby and malcolm have beaten him
and i do feel bad for him i just like said it as like a fan i'm like it does suck the guy plays
balls off it'd be nice if he won a stanley. I would never root against him winning. I just don't think that they're going to.
But they interviewed him right after the game
and I think someone
said, three straight years now, he'll be playing
Pittsburgh. And he just was like, I can't
wait. He reminded me of Bart Scott
when the Jets beat the Patriots.
And they're like, see you in Pittsburgh.
He goes, can't wait. We gotta get him on YouTube.
It's a meme.
And Backstrom said
here we go it's like they've all years been pointing towards this and i didn't mean to kind
of stir off the the first round there all right which was a great point i just it's hard not to
talk about pens and gaps i got sucked in it's what everyone wants it's what everyone needed to
i mean also like trots was the one complaining at the all-star
break about the current format and saying like like he doesn't he doesn't like how like as a
metropolitan winner one of the top divisions in hockey people thought you know before he's in the
best division it turned out not to be but he doesn't like that like in the second round you
have to play the fucking two-time defending stanley cup champion so the fact that he's
complained about that whatever that's kind of in his head.
We can get to that because that's obviously going to be a huge discussion with second round.
But, R.A., I think it's your turn because we're going to talk about Boston, Toronto.
And I know you've been just cooking over there.
I'm a leech.
What are you on it?
R.A., I want to know your diehard Bruins fan.
What are your thoughts?
My thoughts are I'm frustrated as fuck with this team.
Scoring one fucking goal with that lineup is a fucking joke.
Rick Nash, I don't know.
This is why I wasn't the biggest Rick Nash guy in the world.
Playoffs, he's back-checked.
Big fucking deal.
Score goals, dude.
That's why they pay you 8 fucking million a year to score goals.
They caught one fucking goal tonight.
Couldn't hit the net.
They were like the Harlem Globetrotters out there looking for the extra dipsy
do pass. Just throw it on the net and get
rebounds. When Freddie Anderson or any goalie is
in a fucking zone like that, you're not going to beat
him. He sees everything. He's making every save.
You got to beat him. Dirty, garbage goals and get
greasy. And they're not greasy, man. And if they
blow the series, I'm fucking
going to go fucking ape shit, man. I'm
irate right now.
That's so authentic.
Wait, do you have a future?
Do you have a future on this series?
Does fucking Howdy Doody go wooden nuts?
Yeah, fucking 25 to 1.
I've been telling you every week on this goddamn show.
No, no, on the series.
On the series?
No, no, because I'm already mortgaged up to my fucking eyeballs on futures.
The last thing I need to do is double down on a fucking series.
But if anything, I'm a fucking asshole for not hedging on the Maple Leafs
when they went fucking down 3-1.
So punch me in the face for that.
Man, all right.
I want to put my gear on right now and go to the net for you.
Dude, you'd fucking
I'd rather have you on.
I'd fucking screen Anderson right now.
You'd put your gear on and go and fucking miss the net by seven feet
and then try to fight some guy
who goads you into taking an extra two minutes.
He would have fitted on the Bruins
missing by seven feet then.
Well, listen.
Aside from that, Mrs. Kennedy,
I would have been playing
in the locker room the night before.
This Boston series,
up until tonight
where it was a pretty evenly played game, game six, the Bruins have been the better team.
Even when the game they lost at home, game five, they dominated the game for the most part.
Yeah, they were on the power play the whole game.
Yeah, they were on the power play the whole game.
Maybe a couple sketchy calls.
But still, nonetheless, dude, refs make calls on both teams.
And what are you going to say?
Tuca had a really bad game.
It was like for people who don't like Tuca, that's what they say.
Like it was game five.
That's all you have to point to.
But other than that, I mean, fuck, tonight they're getting a lot of chance.
They're getting grade A chances.
Like Anderson's standing on his head so you can get as mad as you want,
which is true because sometimes they've tried too many passes.
But they're still
getting one-timers on cross-ice
passes. Anderson's
knocking the puck away
like he's playing cricket.
I will say this. Boston can find
seams.
They have looked like the Harlem
Gobertrotters a few times in this series.
But R.A., I have to agree with you
though. Sometimes when that stuff's not working, you got to get your nose dirty a little bit.
Well, and, R.A., I will say I'm surprised how much of a difference Kadri made
because he came back and, dude, he's looked unreal.
In Game 6, I'm sorry, Game 5 in Boston, that saucer pass,
he sent, who did he send that pass?
I don't even know who the kid was.
It was so dirty, and, like, he's being a rat.
And I know that it's frustrating that they're not shooting enough.
I think they could shoot more, but they are not playing bad.
I don't think.
They definitely outplayed Toronto the last two games.
I mean, but it killed them in game five.
They sleptwalked the first ten minutes, and they chased the whole rest of the game.
So they fucked themselves in the first ten minutes tonight.
Yeah, they played well enough to win.
Tuco was fine.
He wasn't a problem at all.
It's just, like I said, it's frustrating that this team only gets one goal.
You know, I like to say I have all the faith in the world.
They battle back.
But I just, you know, I'm at the point I'm wondering what guys are banged up.
And I wrote a small thing today on the game.
And, you know, I don't like to criticize guys on their heart because I know guys are doing everything they can to be out there.
And we never know what goes on until after the season.
So I'm wary about criticizing guys too much.
But at the same time, if you're well enough to be out there, I think there's a certain level of play fans expect if you're healthy enough to be out there.
And I think it's a certain level of play fans expect if you're healthy enough to be out there. And I think it's obvious some guys, um, I mean, Charlie McAvoy, I hate even saying it cause he's in front of the program, but he just, he looks like he's hurt out there.
He's not shooting a lot.
His skating doesn't seem like it's like what we've seen out of him all year.
I mean, I think he's been banged up.
Uh, Patrice Bergeron missed the game.
He's got something nagging him.
I don't know if it's a bone injury or a head injury or what or what he you know he has what minus 16 or whatever their numbers are the last couple
games that line it's been terrible and and you know like I said I hate picking on guys and if
you find out they're hurt they have a concussion you feel like an asshole after but you know when
they're in the lineup man I think that makes you available to criticism if you're out there and
you're not getting the job done even if you're hurt you're going to get criticized and i'll say this even after they were up 3-1 i was still fairly confident
in toronto and we talked about it you did say that right away and and i think i think to start
the series i might have had them in six before we when we were picking the first round but i just i
just liked how they had they had everything so spread out. And right when Boston's team came out of the gate in the series,
and, I mean, what did they have?
They combined for like five or six goals.
They had like 20 points in two games or something.
Right, insane.
Two games.
One, you knew they weren't going to be able to sustain that level of offense.
And two, Toronto Stars hadn't even showed up yet.
So you knew that was going to level off.
And right now, the edge is going to Anderson and Nett.
Anderson's out dueling Rask.
He is.
He is.
Rask has had one bad game, okay?
Other than that, he hasn't been bad.
He's been getting outplayed, but Anderson's on his head.
All right, I'm with you in the fact that I'll say about McAvoy
and even Bergeron a little bit.
They're so good that when they don't look like themselves and they both come back from injuries, McAvoy missed a good amount of time.
Bergeron missed the game.
It was a playoff game.
That guy plays with like a sliced throat.
That guy's a savage.
For him to miss that game, he was probably dying.
And McAvoy had the knee
they don't look like themselves so that's not saying they're not these amazing players
sometimes playing through an injury is so fucking hard and for say a guy who's a great skater who
has injuries and your game's built on skating and being able to angle guys and get to lose pucks
and you play a game based on how good of a skater you are and you can't do it all of a sudden your whole game suffers because you
don't play a game that that help you're not used to playing a game where you need to take a better
angle and you can't you won't be able to get that loose puck so take take play a different route on
a one-on-one and it just changes people's game and it's obvious that there's there's guys right
now that are battling through injuries well that's a good point and i guess let me ask you this uh ra specifically
ra because you're a bruins fan if anderson outduels rask in this round and toronto ends
up winning it and maybe rask has a stinker next game are we we back to the Flacco discussion? Is this guy not elite?
Can he not get it done in playoffs?
And then I even bring it further.
Do we even talk about Bobrovsky?
Well,
if Rask blows its
fucking Wednesday, I'm deleting my
Twitter for status.
If they lose
seven before you go on
then the Raskators will forever have ammo.
This will be their forever line.
It's amazing what one game.
It's come down to this now.
This is pro sports.
This is pro sports.
This is when fucking one game, dude.
For memories and your resumes and who you're thought of, it's like, it's nuts.
All right.
What are your thoughts?
Yeah, he's always going to have his haters here.
I think he could win a Stanley Cup here and win the cons might.
The people are still going to criticize him that he didn't have a lower fucking GAA or something.
He's just always going to have these haters here.
How did he earn that title, though?
Because he seems like he's a pretty quiet guy.
He never really caused any trouble.
I don't know why.
Tell me if I'm wrong, Rear Admiral, that Tim Thomas was this fucking Joe Schmo.
He looked like the guy playing street hockey in the backyard,
and he was the man of the Boston people.
Got it done.
Until he went off on a reservation with political stuff.
And then Tuca came in and was the natural, and he wasn't the try-hard.
Do you agree with that?
I think it's a little bit of that because Tuca looks like he's not trying as hard.
When in actuality, he's just bigger bigger and he plays a totally different style.
I think 80
of it, which is
game six in the 2013 Cup,
even though the two goals in 17
seconds weren't his fault. I mean, his
defense was missing, basically.
I mean, of course, Chicago had a six on five. I think
a lot of people blame losing the Cup
on Tuca, even though had they won the Cup,
he would have won the Con and smite that year.
And the other thing is when he was sick, when they needed him that last game of the year and he got sick.
And people in this area are fucking cheap to sports radio.
They love parroting what Felga says, but they try to act like that's their original idea.
Because they're like, oh, Tuca next game sending me the gif of Dumb and Dumb with Jeff Daniels on his shit or shit in his pants.
It's like, yeah, you're just stealing Felga's material like he had a stomach ache or whatever I mean the guy was
shitting down his leg and he didn't play so I think those two things in combination with the
style of play it's just like a perfect storm to to not fucking like Tuker in this town all right
this is crazy because I'm kind of having like a revelation here where I've never been on the side
of the side of being a fan and you've been a Bruins fan for so long that you just remembered one game in Tuka Rask's career where the whole fan base basically turned on him.
And he got him to that Stanley Cup final.
Right.
But that's how insane pro sports are, especially with fan bases of original six teams
and, I guess, just crazy, crazy sports fans in general.
Like, Boston's probably the epitome of sports, right,
as far as all major sports are concerned.
So all these guys are held on such high pedestals,
and if they fuck their cup up,
there's no way they can recover from that.
You're fucked.
So Tuca Rast can't win.
You're right.
Based on one fucking game that he brought them to.
Yeah, and the other thing, like, they'll bring up his Olympic game.
I guess he was sick, too.
It's like, well, what the fuck does that have to do with the Bruins?
Eight years ago, like, that he didn't answer an Olympic call.
Who cares?
Like, are you finished?
No, then shut the fuck up.
Like, yeah, I care about what he did for the Bruins.
Bruins are relentless. Yeah, but a lot of them are so dumb they don't even like it's it's i don't
know twitter is a challenge lately isn't it dude what's i mean but but dude i just fucking i just
like you can't you shouldn't let it rattle you it's just idiots like look at my twitter i've
been making i'm like six 6-27 in picks.
People tell me they're going broke because of me, and I just love it.
I actually love it.
I think Jim Henson's family got all kinds of residuals from all the Muppet gifts
that have been going around the internet.
No, Muppet's starting to get overused.
It's like I started it.
It's getting so overused kind of, you know.
I don't want to toot my own horn here, but if Toronto pulls off Game 7.
I said Toronto in 7.
Sure, but you also butchered the Western Conference.
You got one team right.
Wait, wait, wait.
If Toronto.
No, I got Nashville and Winnipeg.
I got two right.
Two of four.
Oh, two of four.
Okay, all right.
And then which other one did you miss? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I got two right. Two of four. Oh, two of four. Okay. All right. And then which other one did you miss?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I got Washington.
I picked Columbus against Washington, I think.
Yes.
I had Pittsburgh.
Yes, but you also picked Anaheim over San Jose.
No, I picked Anaheim over  yeah, yeah.
I missed  I got two of the series wrong.
There's four series, dude.
Can you just let me toot my own horn in peace?
I was just going to say, if Toronto pulls off game seven, I went seven for eight in the first round.
That's fucking, like, why aren't they gambling on my picks?
Well, I mean, you're the guy that's, like, following around, seeing every team in the league play twice while describing their plays on the ice as the radio color guy,
I would fucking hope you could be seven for eight.
I know, but I'm watching an NHL network,
but you know, you got to watch
like 50 different games at once.
All right, would you know the answer to this?
Could I legally bet on games
because I'm affiliated with an NHL team?
I wouldn't fuck with it.
No, I don't gamble.
Yeah, I'm sure that in your contract papers that your lawyer reads and not you don't,
that it's probably in there that you can't wage run things because you're technically still working for a team.
But it's kind of funny, though, what's worked for the NHL network.
It doesn't stop him.
I have a question.
Is Roman Polak and Radko Gudis, have you ever seen them in the same room with the same guy?
Like that Spider-Man meme.
Dude, they're the same person, player, beard, everything.
I think they're one.
And if Douglas Murray was still in the league, it'd be like a three-headed monster.
league would be like a three-headed monster roman roman polak tonight back is back is elbowed anderson in the face directly in the face he elbowed him anderson went down they called the
penalty toronto's about to get the power play and gunas goes over and like drops his claws
oh you mean polak you mean polak
even i'm doing it. Pollock.
Can't even get their names straight now.
Pollock. Pollock goes over.
It's like it was the dumbest play.
I'm like, what is this guy doing?
They're all for the same person, right?
By the way, by the way, Jack Edwards, the Bruins announcer, is so ridiculous.
Like the homerism is like every announcer should be a homer.
It makes sense.
You're giving a feed to the diehard fans of the team that you're describing play.
Be a homer.
But you have to keep it in a certain extent.
This guy's ridiculous.
Packers elbowed Anderson, and he's going, maybe Brickley said,
Anderson's got a reputation for embellishing.
I'm like, he just got elbowed in the face.
Yeah, Jack is a homer.
I mean, all announcers are homers.
That's why the home team announces. But Jack is a special. All announcers are homers. That's why the
home team announces, but Jack is a special kind
of homer, dude. When he gave that rant
earlier about, this isn't the NBA.
He's conscious. Don't blow the whistle.
It was so fucking over the top.
I actually watched
Doc Emmerich last night. I watched the NBCSN
feed because Doc's the best in the
game. That's the only one we could get,
I think. No, I watched it on streaming on the fucking NBC Sports app. feet because you know doc's the best in the game that's the only one we could get i think no i i
watched it on streaming on on on the fucking nbc sports app hey it takes a special type of person
to to be able to do that night in night out where like jack or is this such a homer where like
i would i'd be like a little bit worried about my credibility at some point even with during
well he doesn't even care no no but but
it's like comical because he's almost like a cartoon character i know i know i think that's
pretty much like what he is imagine if like somebody told hey dude you're great you're just
like a cartoon but like hey hey like wait here's my question you like if you got fired from the
nhl network you'd be like oh that kind of sucked but you know i have fucking 12 million dollars in the bank so i'm gonna go fucking golf right yeah i'd like to keep the
job but in the end i'd certainly not paying all my bills well there are certain people in the media
role like like for instance jack at work if he like got fired by the bruins it would fucking
cripple him like that's his identity dude i don't think it's an act like i think the guy like
loves the bruins with every part of his soul it's like that's let's let's see the greatest actor in
the world but but it's it's like ra going on his rant how much he'd love he has how he knows that
the day he started hating tuka rask was this date well he doesn't hate him. No, I know. I know he loves them, but I was just making a joke there. Most fans.
They're like, yeah, June 5th at 3.07 p.m.
But these guys just love their team so much. I think Jack Edwards is fucking hilarious, and he gets under some people's skin.
He gets under my skin, but he also  I'm not playing both sides of the fence.
I totally understand what the guy does.
When he goes after others' team' players, I hate it.
It's crazy.
Shut the fuck up, dude.
You can root your home team on,
but if then you just start carving another guy for a hit,
like, that hit's malicious and dirty.
Before you keep going, R.A.,
should we talk about maybe since
we're in the media side things how simmons uh roasted our boy wit here steve actually i want
to ask which which you weren't around for johnny most where he was probably the biggest homer
announcer in boston history no but like i i hear like the scratchy voice like things where he's
didn't he get in fights with guys?
No.
He was such a homer,
but it was hilarious. Anytime he played the Pistons, it was like,
that dirtbag Lambert! Oh my god!
He used to go fucking
off, man.
Way more acceptable back then.
Yeah, for me, it does seem like...
I don't know why now that it bothers me, and then
I think it's hilarious. That's a good point.
Never have I seen such cowardice on a basketball court.
Have I seen three guys?
Yeah, oh, I've heard this shit.
He, like, because Detroit and the Celtics got in a fight, and he was going,
he was carving the Detroit guy.
Nowadays, if, like, the other team's announcer was like,
oh, that guy's not a nice person, like, there would be, like,
Twitter goes ablaze.
Yeah, I boycott. i boycott i boycott
i boy i press mute hey rear ammo do you think that most what do you think the percentage of
bruins fans like and dislike jack edwards um i would probably put it at i think 65-35 maybe. I was going to say 70-30. I feel like most people I like talk to like him.
Jack, I mean, even though he's a homie, he actually calls a pretty good game.
He knows the game.
He actually has good flow when he does it.
But, yeah, the homie stuff can be a little over the top.
Now, to go back to your other point, that dipshit, I didn't even want to bring it up
because I didn't want to validate him.
But Simmons mentioned, ah,
taking a shot at wits just out of the fucking blue.
That was so blatant.
Like,
like he just happens to mention with a week after we dummied him on,
on air.
Fuck.
Yeah.
And like,
I didn't even think like,
I didn't even,
maybe I'm just like soft.
I didn't take that much offense to like,
Hey,
whatever happened to Ryan Whitney?
Like,
Oh,
I'm fucking podcasting and swinging the wrenches,
dude.
What do you mean? What happened to me?
I'm sitting in Boston, dude.
I don't know, man.
Podcasting with my three friends.
I know what you're not doing.
You're not making up lies about Phil Kessel and attacking
fucking guys who are underneath covers like Borderline Suic suicidal because they don't need to fucking media calls.
You weren't doing that.
Yeah, no, I actually got a text from someone in Toronto saying, hey, this is this guy's like weekly Sunday column.
Check out the bottom.
And I was like, go down.
And then I saw I saw the thing.
And I was like, that's the idiot who was ripping on Mark Savard for not doing interviews when he couldn't even be in a room with light.
And the guy's like, yeah, he took a lot of heat for that.
So chances are he probably heard that we were saying this on this podcast or you might have said it somewhere else.
Now, if he does listen, I have total respect for a guy who's been writing for a major newspaper for as long as he has.
Obviously, he says some controversial things.
His name's Kevin Cullen in Boston.
I don't know. no no go ahead inside inside boston uh okay all the fans will be jerking off to that sentence but man like on the savard thing like you were just wrong like the guy was going
through a dark time and and coming from someone who's had issues with that, like I've had enough concussions where like, yeah, there'll be like a week or two where like I don't want to associate with anyone.
I'm not answering texts.
I don't answer my parents.
So we'll go through stretches like this.
This guy had like a dark room one where this guy had to like live in the dark.
And like when the sunlight was out, he had to close the blinds.
Like Savard went through some shit.
So to not come off your stance and even like when he issued his apology it was the it was the most fake apology in the world it sucks like sometimes you just got to be like you
know what my original thing was stupid i fucked up and own it and if you do that i feel like a lot
more people give you benefit of the doubt but when you keep digging at it and you're like,
I was,
you know,
I know you think I was wrong.
I'll say,
I'm sorry,
but I still think I was right.
It's just like,
no,
that's not a fucking apology.
Just be like bonehead play.
I've never fucking been through that.
I can't call a guy out because coming from a guy who's been around guys who
have dealt with that shit too.
And I'm sure you have to wit like we're talking,
this guy was months and months
of not being able to be on sunlight because it would hurt his head.
And this guy chirped him.
And like, yeah, who brought him up?
I think, R.A., you carved him.
I think you hate him.
Didn't he block you on Twitter?
Oh, I joined the club, yeah, years ago.
I can't remember the last time I had an interaction with him.
And just piggyback on what Biz just said.
Like, you know, the whole fucking hockey world knew Savard wasn't in good shape.
He wrote the Players' Tribune thing.
Everybody knew he was not in a good spot.
And that apology was the worst fucking apology in the history of apologies.
Instead of, like you said, just saying, I'm sorry.
He fucking references a Hall of Fame writer as if, like, Kevin DuPont writing for 30 years gets voted in by his buddies.
He's not a Hall of Famer like Bobby was a Hall of Famer.
He just has longevity in fucking the job.
And then he references a dead guy, the guy from the Herald.
He's his old, he refused the late Herald writers.
Like he brings a dead guy literally into his apology.
And then he brings up his fucking insomnia.
Motherfucker, really?
You're comparing your insomnia that you could take a fucking Xanax for compared to being suicidal?
It was just the most ass-back apology you ever seen now i'm all
aggravated again with this idiot hey i think i'm only blocked by one person on twitter and it's uh
this golfer zach johnson no guy he's won the masters in the british open and like three years
four years ago or something he tweeted i love my wife so much
and i quote retweeted and i wrote what a loser
and then i looked like a couple weeks later and he blocked me oh god well i mean yeah because
you're verified so he's probably like who's like i mean if i love my wife so much would have said
it he wouldn't be he would have paid attention to it.
But you're like a professional.
I think I was still playing.
Now, since we're kind of going off the beaten path, I was at the Glendale Arena tonight.
Or today, I should say, to pick up a check.
Not a big deal.
You're a per diem dude.
50 bucks.
So I asked if Howler was around the mascot because oh do you
think he heard the last oh yeah because people where i picked up the check a couple of boys so
i was buzzing this in the in the mascot land i'm obsessed with this guy so i went to his desk and
i wrote on a sticky note i go come on spit and chicklets because we should probably grill him
and find out what this like underground society is about of being a mascot so then i went so he wasn't there
because i left the sticky note so i got the fucking janitor to let me into his like little
room because i was gonna go put his uh a mascot outfit on and take a picture and then post it to
the spit let's just fit and chick let's podcast like obviously keep the thing running the fucking
guy took his outfit home he he probably fucking sensed it was coming and he took it home but in
there were his howler drum sets and then maybe like a couple other other spare gloves and then
a couple of the outfits that he puts on over the normal uh howler outfit on but i was like
fuck this would have been unbelievable howler has
howler has his room with his backup outfits like seven condoms ky gel a whip and like an old ipad
where you just like downloaded porn yeah he's i i mean i don't know about that i was just talking
about potentially putting his picture like howler
and his back then just like but here's what's okay so his real name is jeff i believe and i've
met him a couple of times i just i'm horrible with names but um well one i want to get him
on the podcast of course and then uh fuck what was the other thing i just forgot but he he takes he
you said he takes
himself too seriously he's not gonna come on and like laugh about how he like takes it so seriously
apparently the other guys in the office were talking to him about it and he was being really
cool about he's like oh yeah he's like fuck i like doing it like i take it seriously oh and the and
the other thing i was gonna say was uh the guys at the office said like sometimes it's almost like
he forgets yet he doesn't have the costume on.
So he'll overdo his  it's like, hey, do you want to go for lunch? And he'll be like  as a mascot, you have to like overdo it.
Oh, so he forgets it.
So it's almost like he forgets.
It's like, fuck, you can talk, dude.
You don't have the fucking costume on because he's so, he's a fucking method actor, man.
This guy's dialed in 24-7.
He was born to be a fucking mascot.
I thought you were going to say
he walked out in his suit and lifted
his leg up, pretend you were a hydrant and started pissing
on you.
That would be like fucking Daniel Day-Lewis
method actor shit.
Owler the coyote.
We got to get him on the pod, right, boys?
Absolutely.
Going back to Twitter, though,
if you're going to get blocked, man, I'm a big fan.
You have to earn your block.
This guy's probably going to block me here.
You know Bruce Arthur, the pretentious Toronto
sports writer, Canada sports writer.
He has a hard-on for Bosco.
He's one of these guys who never actually won
the site, but knows Dave made a fucking shitty
rape joke seven years ago, so he clings to that.
I call him self-righteous, and he blocked
me. I'm like, you just proved my point.
You fucking can't handle criticism.
If you're going to go at someone, at least
earn your block. Did R.A. just
invent a quote, you got to earn your block,
or is that something that people said?
Dude, it's like, if you're going to take
a penalty, take a penalty.
If you're going to steal, steal big.
Hey, when I was on Edmonton and I got Twitter when I was on Edmonton
and then I started having these bad years and it was like there would be
like 100 mentions after every game carving, carving me, carving me.
And I shouldn't have been reading them, but I was reading them
and that's when I was blocking people.
I was just blocking people left and right.
And now you couldn't  I would never block anyone now.
I just take it now and just give it right back.
I would never block anyone now.
You couldn't have nailed it on the head better than that?
I love it now.
When I was playing in the NHL was when like the peak of my Twitter
and when I was with the Phillies.
Yeah, point one.
But people would watch games, and the minute I made a bad play,
they would just unload on me like, nice fucking turnover,
you fucking pigeon, ha, ha, ha.
Good luck in the minors next year.
And I was on the bus after the game like blocking everybody.
So there's probably
Blocking everybody up in this game i got
fucking pussy blocked me but man like i just cost our team the game because i couldn't clear it
you're on twitter just fucking roasting me and now i think i'm going to be in the ahl next year
because you just told me it oh they would be like oh my god you're so overpaid and instead of being
like yeah i am overpaid i'd be like fuck you And by the way, it's funny that I now think
to like I would never block anyone
because I still get, I'll get messages from people like,
hey, will you unblock my buddy?
And I'm like, no, I don't care now.
But no, that kid, I ain't letting him in now.
No, he's never getting unblocked.
He earned his.
See, that's one thing.
I never like talk shit to people.
My rule with Twitter was always, like, don't say nothing if you won't say it to somebody's face, you know,
because I tell Steve Simmons he's a fucking bum to his face, so I'll say it to him on Twitter.
But people do that shit to, like, players.
Like, that's just fucking insane, like, just, you know, going at people's profession and saying how awful they are.
Since we're on the Twitter subject, and I think I've seen you argue with him, R.A., I love him.
Mark Madden is insane on Twitter.
Oh, my gosh, dude.
He goes in on everybody.
He just wants attention, though.
Yeah, that's all.
He tries to glom onto Bostel to get in fights with us.
That's all he does.
So I just ignore him because we got into a scrap with him a while back.
But I will say this.
Even if that is his
shtick,
he plays it to a T, man.
He's a fucking dummy.
He's a dummy, man. I argue with him. He's a
dummy. It's entertaining
and I mean,
I don't mind him. I don't have anything against him
personally, but I get because you do.
It's either you like him or
you don't. Whit, I like him. Do you like him?
Mark was always good
to me. We've never brought
this up. Mark was always good to me
and I went on his show and then he's just
always just ripped on our podcast
and I've just never responded to him.
I used to go on his show and I won't anymore
and I don't know why he did it but I really don't give a fuck.
That's pretty much my stand.
Get him on here.
I wouldn't know why he did it, but I really don't give a fuck. That's pretty much my stand. We should get him on here. We should just fuck him. Nah.
R.A. hates him.
He goes at R.A. personally.
I wouldn't give him the fucking satisfaction of coming on our podcast. I didn't like that he went at R.A. personal about personal stuff,
so whatever.
Really?
Yeah, no, he went at Geordie, and he came at Barstool about, you know,
just to pick a fight just so he would get some fucking recognition,
and I fucking come on, and I just shit all over him.
And he kept going.
He's like,
thought he had insight in football,
basketball salaries and big cat and PFT.
They don't,
he just was just writing crazy lies and bullshit.
I'm like,
dude,
I wish that didn't even fuck him up.
I guess we got our next rough and rowdy.
Yeah.
Fuck him.
Well,
onto the West.
Actually, actually we didn't we didn't talk because we haven't recorded since nashville won that series right yeah when you saw it so we got we got
nashville winnie which is like i mean we said pittsburgh washington everyone wanted it but
everyone knew nashville winnipeg was going to happen pretty much all year.
And I feel like it's never been  the hockey world wants it more than anything.
It's going to be sick, those two teams playing each other.
Some people are pissed about the way it's set up.
And I'm very indifferent.
I lean towards the one and eight.
I'd like for you winning your conference to have some sort of advantage whereas
now like for instance nashville has to play winnipeg but you also have to bring your yourself
to the league standpoint and maybe even the owner's standpoint you're getting those rivalries
in division right away now you got pit wash people want to see that people don't want to see
their side there's arguments on both sides.
It is good that there's rivalries in the second round.
It's pretty entertaining.
Makes the second round probably the most entertaining round.
Let me ask you this.
Are you upset if you get Vegas fucking Nashville in the third round?
Yeah, or Pittsburgh, Boston.
I know.
I know.
It's more about I don't think people  I don't think like a regular hockey fan is mad.
I think it's fans of the team who's like, why do we have to play this team already?
But in the West, Vegas was above Winnipeg, weren't they?
Vegas had more points than Winnipeg.
So I don't think it would be any different than it is.
They might be playing each other.
Because Nashville finished ahead of them, so it would have been Vegas would have been vegas uh it would have been nashville san
jose i guess the bottom i'm telling you what do you not want to see winnipeg nashville i don't
mind it i i i understand people bitching i understand people saying um if you're toronto
we had the third most points in the eastern Conference, and in the first round, we have to play the Bruins, who had the second most.
So I understand that.
Go ahead, Ari. Sorry to cut you off there.
That's okay.
I just don't think the NHL could have foresaw that, okay,
well, the two best teams are going to be in this division,
and the three best teams are going to be in this division,
Tampa, Toronto, Boston, and then Winnipeg, Nashville.
So it was just kind of the vagaries of how teams really got good after they made this rule because I loved it at first
like you know again I grew up in the you know the 80s when Boston would have to you know go through
Buffalo and then through Montreal just to get out of the Adams division then they play the winner
of the Patrick division to go to the cup and you know at the end of the day you're still going to
get the team that survives the east and the team that survives the west so yeah would you rather
have maybe Winnipeg and Nashville in the third round for the right to go to the Cup?
Yeah, probably.
But, I mean, if you get them in the second round,
then they're still going to play a pretty good fucking quality team in the conference finals to get to where they got to go.
So I think it's just kind of like there's just so many good teams and divisions that we're getting these,
like, maybe marquee matchups earlier than we hoped for.
But I think maybe in a couple of years it may level off.
I remember there was a few years, I want to say early 80s,
where they actually did one through 16.
So that's how we ended up.
That's my dream now.
That's what we want now.
It was just crazy.
Yeah, but Biz, how sick would it be if like, I don't know,
for ships and giggles, Nashville plays like Jersey.
And then like, it's just so random that it's just a straight tournament of the whole league it will never happen because of the travel but it would
be i think it would be cool yeah i i would like the one and eight i think that it's bush league
that when you win your conference there's no advantage to it you could be playing the second
best team in the conference in the second round it's just like but like i said, on a spectator side of things, which I am now, I love it.
We get Nashville, Winnipeg.
I mean, I don't know how crazy I am about Vegas and San Jose,
although I think San Jose is going to give them some trouble.
But, man, Pitt, Walsh, and then potentially Boston, Tampa,
I think that's a perfect matchup.
Do you want to see Walsh, Tampa, or Pittsburgh?
Yeah, it makes it great.
I mean, it makes the second round, like, must-watch.
And then everyone's excited for Pittsburgh Lightning, if that happens.
Yeah.
Right, because whatever we get for conference finals is going to be great matchups.
No matter who wins, what all the teams remain.
I mean, we're going to get some fantastic conference finals either way.
So, yeah, I think, i think honestly too people just need
to fucking bitch man people love to complain about every little thing and the nhl grant that does
give us fans a little more to bitch about than we you know than maybe other leagues but sometimes
it's just like just shut the fuck up and enjoy the hockey will you man jets jets and that yeah
jets and preds i just want to say this quick. They played three times this year. The Preds won twice.
The Jets won once.
6-5, the Preds won.
3-1, the Preds won.
And 5-4, the Jets won.
Yeah, I don't want to pitch in the regular season like that.
Dude, dude, I'm saying these two teams play great games against each other.
Not that the results matter, but that they're high-scoring, high-powered teams.
It's going to be fun hockey. And outside
Winnipeg,
MTS Center or whatever it is,
they got 20,000.
They're putting the people in the
Leafs Square to shame.
They got way more people up in the peg
just getting crushed. There's like 30-foot
blow-up Budweiser cans in the
streets.
R.A., we got a little distracted there, but we talked about the Tuukka Rask,
whether he's going to have that kind of like that scarlet letter on him
if he doesn't play well next game.
And we kind of skipped over it between the Washington and Columbus series.
But Brofsky's a Vezina winner.
I think he's won it twice.
I mean, is he going to start getting that label
where he can't get him over the hump?
Because, I mean, he hasn't been bad,
but he hasn't been Bobrovsky in playoffs.
Right. It's funny.
I actually, speaking of Twitter, I had a guy,
when I said last week, I actually said I didn't see the game,
so I don't know if Bobrovsky played good or bad.
This guy was still, like, trying to say I threw Bobrovsky under the bus.
I'm like, well, because I said the tide was turning, remember, last week?
Well, what happened?
Washington won the next four games.
Bobrovsky, 2-4 of the series with a 3-1-8 and a 9-0-0 save percentage.
Not good for the playoffs.
That's not his numbers.
Huh?
Those aren't typical his numbers, correct?
Actually, no.
No, because I think they were right in line with what I said before the series.
I read off his playoff numbers.
He's right now career players five and 14 with a three, four, nine GAA and an eight, nine, one save percentage.
That's fucking 1980s number.
All right.
What I was saying was, is that's not typical Bobrovsky numbers as in regular season.
Like you're like, that's always shouldn't take regular season into account.
in regular season.
I thought we shouldn't take regular season into account.
He's playing far below what he's capable
of always in playoffs.
So,
back to what I asked, is he going to
get that label now?
He hasn't, man. I mean, I
gave it to him before the series and he did nothing
to do away with it. He had a couple good games
and again, I didn't see a shitload of the game
tonight. I actually saw a couple of highlights.
A couple of goals looked like he really should have had.
I mean, maybe his team was getting outplayed, but
the numbers are what they are, man.
If I'm a Columbus fan, I can't be
happy with his performance in the playoffs.
This is big
because I believe he's won two Veznas,
correct? Yeah.
At least one. I'm not sure about two because
again... I thought he had two. I might be wrong.
I think he's got one.
Okay. I think he was
runner-up. Actually, he got two. I got it
right here. Does he? Yes.
12-13.
He won it in 12-13 and 16-17.
Did Barlamov ever win one?
No.
That's the other Russian. You got them mixed up.
Dumb-dumb. Yeah. He's the one who slacked this girlfriend around.
So what I was getting to before Witt was wrong.
I'm fighting up tonight, biz.
How many two-time Vezna winners can you say just couldn't get over the hump in playoffs?
Like, who's won two that hasn't won a championship or carried his team?
Like a Chigar got it on a playoff.
Oh, Luongo.
No, but, I mean, man, he went to the cup final in game seven.
You're saying just going to the cup final is like doing it?
I'm not even being sarcastic.
We're talking about a guy being a Vesna winner
to constantly
playing below average in playoffs
like that's laying an egg every time
based on your talent
and the fact that
what's Bobrovsky make? 8 or 9 million?
he's probably making
I would say he's making 8
that's like a goal scorer not getting any goals in the first round
and you guys getting eliminated
you're fucking taking heat for it like it's like there's no way he's definitely
got a money tree in his backyard i don't know what his exact salary is but his money tree grows
every year he got put on a bargain at seven but i i want to say he's making eight he's fucking
world-class and he already had a vez in the by then so he he didn't even look great either he had a couple good games seven i can't i can't believe
that i i washington going four straight towards he's like we'll be back here i don't need to say
a goddamn word we'll be back for game seven and washington
they never did find the anthrax guy debbie downer
um what else did i say oh little out of nhl news i was just checking
i do this thing now boys where like when shit pops into my head on the notes i have a podcast
note and i just write stuff down oh i read so i saw um an old buddy of mine that i just played
with briefly in edmonton anton lander he won won the KHL championship. Akbar's Kazan won.
They beat Ceska, like Moscow.
And I saw a video of the captain of the Akbar's team, Kazan,
handing Lander the trophy.
And the guy was just screaming in Russian to him as he was handing it to him.
And I was just thinking, like, in the regular season, if we had a day off, those guys from Russia would go after the game
and drink until 8 in the morning.
And then they'd go to the sauna and then keep drinking
and then pass out at, like, noon the next day.
I can't even imagine.
No, I'm not going anywhere.
I just can't even imagine what they're going to do in Russia.
Like, I just saw this Russian man winning a trophy,
screaming in Lander's face, and I'm like,
this guy might not go to sleep for two weeks.
Well, that's what you were getting to.
I knew that was coming
because you're thinking they rage for two days
when they get off and they don't sleep
and they're on the Russian gas.
And you're thinking,
oh my God,
that was after like a regular season win.
They just won the championship.
He looked so happy in his long beard,
his crazy Russian face.
And then like,
I mean. I also
realize
they get
enormous bonuses. When you win it over
there, you get paid double your salary
and shit.
Good for Anton Lander.
Sliv and maids for the next two weeks.
There's going to be a lot of lunch bags
in lockers with cash-filled
envelopes. And guns.
What's that?
Pony Montana?
Shoot that piece of shit.
Oh, I got another thing on here.
Red Sox.
The Red Sox got a box at the Air Canada Center for the Red Sox.
Dude, that must have cost like 200,000.
What a fucking move by the Red Sox.
That's a drop in the bucket. I. That's a drop in the bucket.
I know it's a drop in the bucket in Major League Baseball.
I know, but it's still like, even if it was a player, like to get that, I'm just imagining
how much that box was wanted in Toronto tonight.
That box was a lot of points.
A lot of box was wanted in Toronto tonight.
I didn't get the joke.
Did you drop a joke there?
Yeah, I said a lot of boxes wanted in Toronto tonight. I didn't get the joke. Did you drop a joke there? Yeah, I said a lot of boxes wanted in Toronto tonight.
Oh, I said they bought the box with the points on that card that they have for the team.
Nothing.
All right, so Biz, you know, we got Pittsburgh, Washington looking forward to it.
Boston, Toronto, huge game seven Wednesday night.
I might be a little
sick for work that day might have to
call it a little bit it's
going to be stressful I hate game sevens
it's like being on bad cocaine
to go back to my old potty days
not a lot of not a lot of fun
but you know what do you
who do you got I know you already got fucking Toronto
seven which got Toronto seven I
just I can't say I feel confident in the Bruins right now.
I really can't say I think they're going to win.
So I don't know.
I'm going to be chewing on my fucking fingernails for the next 48 hours.
All right.
Well, we could talk about it.
If they lose, are you going to be like, what's your next day like?
You don't want to talk to anyone?
If you lose, I've been eyeing this bank up on West Broadway, man.
They're really shady with the counters, so we'll see what happens.
Got to get the switches paid for.
All right, boys.
Now, I'm excited to talk about Game 7 next podcast,
and as well, we're going to touch on all the league awards.
So that's going to be interesting.
We'll give our two cents on who we think should win what.
And I'm excited for it, boys.
I had a Game 7 poster above my bed next to a poster to stand the cup when I was little.
Just Game 7.
It said, no fear.
No fear.
No fear.
That takes me back.
Wow.
And I played in one and we lost.
But I had an apple. You should draw that out on a big
cardboard sheet and go to game 7
and stand it on the glass during warm-ups.
And maybe the other guys will get
motivated from it.
Marshy, can I get a puck?
Can I get a puck, Marshy?
Stand behind the fucking Bruins.
Alright, boys. I'm going to bed. Peace out.
Later. Love you guys. Peace.
