Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hey, Mikey, do you like a little hot stuff in your food? Are you a hot guy? Hot sauce guy?
I am.
Are you? You know, it's funny. When I was younger, I was never a big hot sauce guy,
but as I've gotten older, I've definitely developed an appetite for it.
And we definitely want you to try our Fuego Box. Have you tried it yet?
I have. It's good stuff, man. Unbelievable.
As you kind of first thought out, you might just try
it with Frank's or maybe if you get Chinese food,
you use a little Chinese hot mustard.
But the Fuego Box opens up
a total new world to you. They go out
and they find the best hot sauces from around the world.
They send you three new sauces
every month. They take
tobacco. These sauces take tobacco,
sriracha, franks, whatever you
normally use, and they
take it to a whole new level. I'm a big Franks
guy. Yeah, I'm a big Franks guy, too, but with
Fuego Box, you get, you know, kind of like
Franks is kind of like opens the door to everything else.
It's like a whole new level. So instead of just adding
pure heat to food, the sauces at
Fuego Box, they send a whole lot of flavor as well.
They give you a nice kick with your food. So if you want to get some sample boxes, I mean, I'm sorry, if you want
to try them out, we got the code here, Chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S is the code. Stoolies will get a
10 discount if you want to try it out. They offer it also as a gift if you want to give it to
somebody. So this is the time to do it, Christmas, Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, what have you around the corner
if you want to give gifts to somebody.
So what you want to do
is you want to go to FuegoBox.com
and you want to use the code CHICKLETS.
Again, it's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Use the code CHICKLETS at FuegoBox.com
to get 10 off your first box.
Try out all these new hot sauces
that they have at the FuegoBox,
which is great.
I love them.
I'm all set with the ghost pepper.
I don't think I'm ready for a ghost pepper yet.
How about you?
You wouldn't try one of those?
I'm ready for everything.
All right.
Well, there you go.
Try it out.
FuegoBox.com.
Code is CHICKLETS.
10 off your first box.
And get back to us.
Let us know what you think. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 8 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Say hello gentlemen.
What's up boys? What's going on guys? Ryan Sports. Say hello, gentlemen. What's up, boys?
What's going on, guys?
Ryan Whitney, Mikey Grinelli.
Good listeners.
How are you?
And speaking of Barstool Sports, our esteemed New York peers were invited to the New Jersey Devils game last night.
Uncle Chaps, this is why Twitter is great and Barstool is great and just the way the Internet works.
Chaps says, I'm looking for a hockey team.
I need a team to root for.
The Devils came calling.
And the Devils came calling. And the Devils came calling.
They made a shirt for him.
They made a shirt for him.
Got a first team out there.
Boom.
So he latched on.
They ended up hooking up the whole stool with luxury blogs last night.
Unfortunately, they saw Philip Larson get absolutely trucked by Taylor Hall.
That was probably one of the scariest knocked out cold
events I've seen.
Mainly because they came in
to go after Hall
and then everyone came flying in to defend
Hall and they were actually
kicking his head. You could see
someone hit his head with their skate.
His head snapped. He's lifeless on the ice.
Then you start thinking, oh my god, if this guy's
neck's broken or anything.
I mean, these people.
So if you notice, the goalie for the Canucks, Markstrom, did a great job of, like, shielding everyone from while they were throwing Chuck and Knucks, as we like to say, shielding them from Larson's body as the trainers came out.
And it wasn't a dirty hit.
There was nothing wrong with the hit.
It was just one of those fluke timing things.
He was very kind of relaxed.
What is it, laissez-faire or laissez-faire?
I say laissez-faire.
He was a little bit hunched over.
I don't think he knew Hall was even over there.
Exactly.
First off, Taylor Hall, not a dirty guy in the least bit.
No, and you look.
I saw him laying there.
You saw that he got hit by Hall, so you're waiting to see
the interview. Did his shoulder hit him right in the face?
And then it wasn't that at all.
It almost looked like Taylor tried to hold up.
He definitely didn't follow through and bury him like some
guys would have done. It was almost like he knew
he was going to get him at a bad angle.
It's impossible to let up.
He was just coming in the
forecheck and Larson had his head down. It was just an unfortunate timing. No, it's impossible to let up, but he was just coming in the forecheck, and Larson had his head down.
It was just an unfortunate timing.
No, it wasn't even.
It was kind of a messed-up, controlled breakout,
and then they threw it back around the wall to Larson,
and he thought he was just picking it up off the wall
and stopped behind the net and set up,
and then there happened to be a guy there that can skate and is 200 pounds.
But more than anything, it was just scary.
I remember playing, I've mentioned before,
I played with Colby Armstrong,
who I think knocked out guys like that,
like five or six different guys.
He got like that coming around the net.
Not that same hit, but I'm talking when the guy's laying there
knocked out like a dead body.
And I just remember every time on the bench,
it's like disgusting.
You don't even, as a player,
and it's a guy from the other team,
you're just like, oh, because you think that could be me.
And like this guy, like is he even going to ever get up,
let alone play hockey?
Right.
Luckily, it looked like he gave last night some notice to the crowd.
Larson did.
And hasn't concussion awareness just totally changed outlook?
I mean, obviously, you're a former player.
You have a different, you know, a lot closer to it, a different thing.
I mean, we still have a lot of Cro-Magnon fans out there who think that, oh, that was awesome last night.
But, you know, and we said it, but it's funny.
I mean, you know, even 15, 16 years ago, you know, Scott Stevens, Barry and Lindros, we loved that.
But nowadays, you know, you think like, okay, in 20, 30 years, this guy might be drone on himself.
And it's something that we didn't consider before.
And, yeah, it sounds like common sense in hindsight. Well, get hit so much it's not good for you but i think the awareness of of just how bad it is is has changed so much so you know you know you
yeah you want good hits but you just don't want to see guys get fucking scraped off the ice like
that it's it's nothing you want to see and i i saw like a couple headlines i thought they were kind
of it was like oh tail hall gets one gets one goal, one assist, one hit.
And I thought it was better described as a collision.
It was almost like, you know, like it was just, it was more of a collision than an actual hit.
You know, it was just, it was just, like I said, an unfortunate thing.
You hate to see it.
I think he's going to be all right.
I don't, I think, you know, it's just scary to see that.
Plus, you know, let's be honest, 20 years ago, maybe 20 years ago, that guy probably going to like maybe they bring out the ambulance a lot more out of precaution now.
Whereas 20, 25 years ago, if a guy says, no, I'm getting to my feet, they would kind of let him skate off almost for his pride, I guess.
No, I think guys would be like, if you bring that fucking stretcher out there, I'm going to.
But I mean, he was he looked knocked out.
So I don't know
if he ended up kind of waking up yeah but for me it's not even like the thought of the thought of
how bad that a concussion that is for for some reason i don't know why that doesn't that's not
the first thing that comes to my head when he's laying there like that i'm more thinking like his
neck because like i just think a guy's like i mean i know he didn't go into the boards by any means
you know head first but you just still see someone and they can't move anything.
You're like, oh my God, it's just scary.
Did you see that dirty hit in the East Coast League?
Did you see that clip?
That was fucking wretched.
We will tweet this from all of our accounts in the Spittin' Chicklets account.
There was a hit.
I don't know the guy's name.
I'm glad the guy's name isn't out there because it was the dirtiest, biggest piece of shit play.
Wow.
I actually, I got it sent to me by Paul Bissonnette.
He had retweeted it right away
because then the kid who luckily is alive,
the next day on the plane, he's got his neck brace on.
And so I watched it and I said to Biz,
I'm not even kidding, I said,
if that kid ended up somehow like dying on that hit,
which he could have.
Very easily, very easily could have. Very easily.
Very easily could have been killed.
That kid would have a manslaughter charge.
Yeah.
Just to give you a quick description, it was at the East Coast League,
and the guy was skating toward the goal.
The guy came up behind him, just gave him enough of a shove.
He was almost at the goal line.
The guy went face first in the boards,
ended up breaking some vertebrae in his neck.
I mean, he's walking and everything.
He's not paralyzed, but he broke bones in his neck and back.
I think he punctured a lung.
It was just an absolutely wretched hit.
12 games.
Yeah, and that was only 12 games.
That's a 40-gamer.
Even then, I'm being nice letting you play half the season.
I'm surprised they're even bringing the guy back.
Obviously, we're sending our well wishes out to Phillip Larson.
Obviously, he probably is concussed.
Hopefully, that's all it is, and we'll see him back out there later this year
because it's not something you want to see.
And I'm not sure we want to see Uncle Chab's dabbing on the center ice anymore either.
I don't know if you caught that.
I didn't.
I'm glad I didn't, but I didn't.
Yeah, the dab may have died last night in New Jersey.
Go ahead, Mikey Grinnell.
Jumping at the bit over there.
Well, no, no.
I just wanted to talk a little bit about Pat Maroon's comments.
Oh, that actually leads into the concussion issue, right?
Yeah, because, you know, this guy.
Segway City.
Pat Maroon, you know, Connor McDavid got rocked,
and, you know, concussion spotters had to take him out of the game.
Well, no, that's the thing.
That's the big issue.
He didn't get rocked.
No. He got dragged down, and the thing. That's the big issue. He didn't get rocked. No.
He got dragged down, and he hit his chest in the ice.
It was like his jaw.
It looked like he really could have smashed his jaw and his face off hard,
but he didn't once you really saw the replay.
But those spotters, they can't tell.
They just look at what they see in live,
and that's why people are mad because something like that,
he didn't need to get taken off, but that's not not their job they have to just look for any close thing but i mean go into what
you're saying that maroon ended up yeah so maroon wasn't too happy that they pulled mcdavid off the
ice he said um basically he doesn't understand why the concussion um guys are pulling people
off the ice he said this is a man's game that's the ego that's why everyone's talking people are
going to get hit and get high stick.
They're going to go through the middle and get hit.
That's part of hockey,
and that's why we all have this gear on to protect us.
Yes, if someone seriously hurt, we're concerned,
but he just fell.
He got tripped.
I just don't get it.
And then he kept repeating, it's a man's game.
So, you know, how do you guys feel about those comments?
I mean, he, well, I guess.
I don't have any problem with it maybe i
mean i i respect that girls play hockey and they're really good at hockey he's talking about
the nhl right that that's that's what he clarified after and that's the thing i think context is very
important is you know a lot of times you read a quote you don't know what the tenor of it was
what the question was which that's another thing is it's not a media trick. It's that all you see are the answers in a media story.
You don't see the questions or how they're framed or posed.
Now, yeah, I mean, it's a man's game.
Yeah, I assume he means the NHL as well.
It's like the man's game being that this is the highest level of professional hockey on the planet,
and there just happen to be no women in it.
It's just a phrase, too.
To be honest, it's a phrase.
It means it's a tough guy. It's a tough man's sport. Exactly. I don't think he has any disrespect for women in it. It's just a phrase, too. To be honest, it's a phrase. It means it's a tough guy.
It's a tough man's sport.
Exactly.
I don't think he has any
disrespectful women's hockey.
That's the pussification.
Yeah, it's the PC police
coming out there.
It's a man's game.
Be a man.
If you have something wrong
with that saying,
you can go fuck.
Yeah, when you're in a league
that's full of men,
that's always been men,
and it's always going to be men
unless a woman comes along
and breaks the ranks.
That hasn't happened in 100 years of the NHL. It may happen. I'm not saying it's always going to be men unless a woman comes along and breaks the ranks. It hasn't happened in a hundred
years of the NHL. It may
happen. I'm not saying it's not going to, but
until it does, you can refer to it as a man's game
and not get shit for it.
We sound like Al fucking
Bundy and little rascals.
I have my hand in my pants right now, too.
No pig.
He then
tweeted out a little, like he wrote a note on his phone
and then took a screenshot of it and tweeted out.
He deleted it right after what he said.
I just want to clear up.
I just want to clear about a few things on my recent interview.
First of all, I'm not a sexist by any accounts.
I respect women and have the utmost respect to women hockey players.
I was referring to the NHL when I stated it was a man's game, not hockey.
The NHL. Second,
for all the people who are calling me, I will
keep it PG, not smart.
Last time I checked, I play hockey,
not school. No degree
needed here. You should try it.
Third, the media, quit taking this out
of context. We're the reason
you have this great job. Don't put
words in my mouth. You knew
damn well what I was referring to.
So I kind of wish he didn't delete it. Once he
said it, leave it up.
He might want to get a teammate to proofread it
next time. That would be my only suggestion.
Well, I think that's what makes it great. He's
being himself. Maybe he's not
a great writer, but he plays hockey
not school.
I agree. If you say it, then leave hockey not school. I agree.
If you say it, then leave it up to him.
I've heard
from a number of guys
that he's one of the most well-liked
people. Great
teammate. Hilarious.
I think that was his humor.
I'm sure someone from Edmonton said,
would you mind taking it down?
The other thing, too, is
these guys get talked to right after the game.
High emotional factor.
I always talk about Milan Lucic when he was in Boston.
I wouldn't call it an issue,
but there were games where he needed extra time to calm down
because he would fly off the handle.
I should say fly off the handle.
Some people need just an extra 20 minutes because they're animals.
Exactly, and that's nothing wrong with that.
So I think that's something to also keep in mind
is you're interviewing these guys, especially if they come off to a loss or if they're animals. Exactly. And that's nothing wrong with that. So I think that's something to also keep in mind is, you know,
you're interviewing these guys, especially if they come off a loss
or if they're genuinely angry, you're going to get some emotion out of it.
So what's up, Grinnelli?
No, nothing.
Okay.
Nothing.
All right.
Every week, you know, we try to focus on a different team,
whether they're slumping, doing bad, doing good.
Right now, though, the hottest team in hockey, you know, we
well, I'm not saying  Well, I have one in my mind. I wonder who though, the hottest team in hockey, and, you know, we... Well, I'm not saying...
Well, I have one in my mind.
I wonder who you're going to say.
Well, Columbus, no?
Yeah, Philly, too.
Philly's won six in a row.
Philly's another one,
but we used them up with Jordy last year.
And Jordy was asleep for the interview.
So we got...
Got to get him some Buzz Coco next time.
We got Columbus, who...
I have to be the first off to say
You were wrong
Yeah I mean no no no here's the thing
Yeah I was wrong I'm fucking wrong a lot
I'm open about that
But Tortorella
It'll wear off in like
Two years is my point
That was my main point I also kind of said some other things
But I didn't think they were this good
I'll admit it I did not think
You look at a guy like Sam Gagne i played with him he he's in this he's in a spot now where
he's getting a chance to you know to really play on the top power play and you know for for years
he's been a guy that's i think came into the league super skilled but wasn't really given
that full chance of um starting every play, being one of those guys.
And there was probably times in Edmonton, but those were bad teams.
So you see him.
He's a guy that I don't think they expected he'd be this good.
Foligno, I've mentioned a bunch, is an unbelievable captain.
He fights.
He hits.
He can score.
The perfect leader for a Tortorella team.
On D, I mean, Seth Jones, they just got... They have a very deep team
that works their bag off.
And so who knows in the end if they could end up
making a run in the playoffs, but they're hard to
play against. And they've taken on
the dirt dog
Tortorella's personality, it seems.
Obviously, we've got to get...
Sergei Bobrovsky's been a monster
the fall. Yeah, and he'll get injured.
Oh, yeah.
McElhinney's their backup.
He hasn't had to play too much.
But, I mean, look at them.
They're a point behind Pittsburgh, and Pittsburgh's got two games in hand.
And we're not going to spend too much time on them because, speaking of Columbus,
one of their higher-profile free agents from many years ago, Mike Commodore,
who actually won a Stanley Cup in Carolina, played in Calgary in 2004.
He was a great player, and we're lucky that he agreed to join us for an interview.
So we're going to get to him, but I do want to say before he starts talking
that I've met Commie through a bunch of guys that we mutually played with,
like Sean Horkoff, Dan Clear.
We go on a golf trip together every summer. So I've gotten to know him real well. Great guy. Awesome stories.
And he told me last year, this past summer, he said, I've listened to a couple of your podcasts.
Before we got with Barstool and we were just doing it on our own last year. He's like, I got to come
on that. He's like, I have to come on that. So I said, dude, the first time we get a former player, former teammate of mine to come on, you're number one.
So he joined us from Calgary, and we really appreciate it.
So we listen to it right here.
Without further ado, Mike Commodore.
So now we are lucky enough to be joined by my good friend and huge, huge beauty, Mike Commodore.
So guys, say hello to Mike. Call me. Thanks so much for coming on the show. We appreciate it immensely. Big beauty, Mike Commodore. So guys, say hello to Mike.
Call me.
Thanks so much for coming on the show.
We appreciate it immensely.
Big fan, Mike.
Thanks for coming on.
Thanks a lot, guys.
Thanks a lot for having me.
Appreciate it.
Call me.
So I will introduce you quickly as a guy who played 484 NHL games,
not including the playoffs.
Very tough bastard.
Won a Stanley Cup. lost in a final.
Very respected player
when he was still playing.
I know from experience.
I just want to start
by asking, forgetting all that,
what is going on with you and Uber?
Did you blow
all that fucking Columbus money already?
I just
torched right through that in two years.
Now I need some extra cash.
Hey, just swinging the wrenches and the money's gone.
What do you know?
Fucking ponies.
I'm just losing money all over the golf course.
See you later.
So, no, I know you're in Calgary starting.
Kind of looking.
What's that?
Yeah, so you're in Calgary and you just started it, right?
Yeah, I was in Calgary.
Yeah, I just, just well there's two i came up to calgary for another reason but calgary uber and calgary just launched yesterday so i helped with that so i can't drive
here in calgary because there are different rules and shit to become a driver so the driving that
i've actually done is down in phoenix so i've done like 70, 60, 70 rides down there. The reason why I originally did it, did it was because I was, I mean,
I got nothing to do.
So when you got nothing to do, sometimes you start drinking a little too much.
Yeah.
And, uh, you're not drinking, you're not drinking an Uber.
And I, uh, no, that's why I'm doing it.
So I'm like, man, I need to find something that gets me out of the house.
Cause like I'm single.
I still want to go out a little bit, but keeps me out of the bars. Right. So I was talking to, there's like some Uber drivers in there. I'm like, you, I need to find something that gets me out of the house because, like, I'm single. I still want to go out a little bit, but it keeps me out of the bars.
So I was talking to some Uber drivers, and I'm like, you know, how is it?
And almost all of them are like, yeah, it's pretty good.
I'm like, do you meet people?
It's like, yeah.
So the cool ones, I'd be like, well, are you meeting any broads?
And they'd be like, yeah.
Every one of them had, like, some kind of story.
So I'm like, you know what?
I'm going to give this thing a shot.
So I signed up. It's easy to do in Phoenix. It's quick to sign gonna give this thing a shot so i signed up it's easy to
do in phoenix quick to sign up takes a couple days that's it and uh so yeah i signed up and
started driving i'd say i don't have any good like meat and broad stories i'd say my best ones
my best opportunities were probably my first night of driving but i was like new i wasn't sure what
the hell you know i didn't want to dude you were nervous exactly what i would yeah i wasn't sure what to do yet kind of you must drive around rockets in scottsdale though
uh yeah yeah no there's some yeah i would say probably out of the 70 60 70 rides genius yeah
mikey granelli loves it absolutely genius but it's like weird man i was trying to so i'm trying
to learn how to do it right so like i don't want to it kind of sucks in scottsdale a little bit too like when you pick up for uber so
like let's say somebody orders an uber it just buzzes on your phone you don't get their name
all you get is their passenger rating and how many minutes they are away from you no picture
what they're no picture no name no idea where they're going have you heard of tinder mike
yeah i tried that too it was awful nothing but twos
nothing but twos and threes were fucking matching up with me uh so anyways i like uh you know so if
you click accept then you can go pick them up and then you get you get their name and then you find
their destination well in phoenix i mean boston's a huge city too but phoenix is spread out also
yeah i don't want to be driving all over Arizona.
I want to be hanging around the bars, staying in Scottsdale and stuff like that.
This sounds genius.
But you need to go, call me, you got to go
where, you got to go, you should be
doing it where you'd be recognized. Because if
you did it in Calgary, it'd be just ridiculous
for you. Yeah, grow the hair out again, forget about
it. Yeah, wear the robe.
That's the exact plan. Yeah, I'm going to be spending more time here in Calgary and that's going to be one of the first things I do Forget about it. Yeah, no. Wear the robe. That's the exact plan. Yeah.
I'm going to be spending more time here in Calgary,
and that's going to be one of the first things I do is sign up.
All right, perfect.
It'll take me a few months to grow my hair out, but I can still do it.
Well, good luck with that.
If you ever do come to Boston and you work in Salty,
pull the fuck over off the side of the road because, no, they're awful here, dude.
I love them.
This is him being an old bastard.
No, I use Uber.
They're great,
but when they stay in the fucking middle of the street
to play with their phone to sign the car...
No, that's me not getting out of the car.
You don't do that shit.
Pull the fuck over.
I'm a Lyft guy.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm a Lyft guy.
That's all right.
I signed up for that too,
but I haven't tried it yet.
Yeah, I woke up one morning
and I had an email from Uber saying I was suspended,
so I deleted them. Oh, shit. You got suspended from Uber saying I was suspended, so I deleted them.
Oh, shit.
You got suspended?
What were you suspended for?
I don't know.
He's not playing.
He would punch your head in.
He's not playing.
He suspected him.
He's not playing.
He's suspended.
Who knows what I did?
But, Connie, you know, I'm a big fan of yours, and I've got to ask you,
because I follow you on Twitter and Instagram and the whole nine yards.
What's up with your hate for Pierre and Mike Babcock, too?
Why do you hate these guys so much?
Shit stain, shit stain, Pierre.
Shit on, son of a story.
Shit stain, McGuire.
You know what?
That guy, I mean, I could go on for an hour on those two, but, I mean, I guess McGuire first.
I mean, that guy, I mean, from my point of view, I just don't like how he comes across.
But more than that, for me, it's like the one thing I remember is like game six when Carolina was playing Edmonton.
We got spanked.
Like the game, I think it was 4-0 to tie the series up at 3-3.
Then we were going home and we were up 3-1 in the series originally.
So we just get, I mean, and we get beat in Edmonton.
Like this game's over in the first five minutes. I mean, the hits were up 3-1 in the series originally so we just get i mean and we get beat in them it's like this game's over in the first five minutes i mean the hits were probably 100 to 3 score was
four to nothing and at the end of the game that little rat's running around the ice for some
looking for somebody to talk to on our team cup final loss and he's like hey hey hey rex hey yeah
you're running around the ice yeah nobody's giving him the time of day. Like, nobody wants to talk.
I don't want to talk.
But I see this pigeon running around.
I'm like, you know what?
Fuck it.
I'll talk to this guy.
So I do him a favor and fucking talk to him.
Now, I don't expect, like, him to have my back forever or anything because of that.
But then the next thing I hear coming out of his mouth is now a couple years later is he's just carving me for what happened
in columbus like just giving it he doesn't know the story calling me a bus or whatever that's fine
but just giving it to me on the tv so from that point forward i'm like you know what fuck this
guy whenever this guy's name comes up i'm just gonna give it to him you know what you do someone
a favor and like i know what you mean it's not about you expected him to ever like be one of
your boys but you helped him out in a moment when he needed someone,
and then he's just ripping you.
He could have at least called you and tried to at least get you fucking side of the story.
I mean, if he's going to rip you, fine, but at least say, okay,
let me at least reach out to him.
He didn't even do that, and that's weird.
Yeah, like he calls me a bust.
And look, I mean, I guess, yeah, I mean, I guess I was.
I signed a five-year deal.
I was there for two and a half years. So i would say i was a bus there but at the same time it's like
dude my first year there was one of the i mean we went to the playoffs for the first time ever it
was my one of my best years as a pro now that all gets forgotten like yeah like at least give me a
ring at least like mix a little bit there was good in there too yeah when it was just but you know
what but that but that's the thing with certain people that's what we've talked about this before is that they they just word it
so that it looks like such a bigger story and like with you it's like all right well let's just shit
on the guy and with so many players like let's not bring up anything good that he did it wasn't
like he came here and halfway through the season was fucking bought out or sent to the minors there
was a couple good years in there.
But no, in the end, it was like because it's convenient for Pierre to just look like he's ripping a guy.
And it just creates even more content for him and stuff.
So it just drives me nuts.
Yeah.
No kidding.
And he turns me into like an easy target, I guess.
Yeah.
Good way to put it.
And what about Babcock?
Oh, dude.
This fucking guy, man.
It's so hard.
Like, I love Calgary and I'm coming back here and I think I'm going to spend more time here or whatever.
But, man, it is tough for me to be in this country.
This guy.
He's a god.
It's crazy.
Oh, dude.
I mean, look.
I'll give him his dues.
He can run a practice.
And, yeah, he knows hockey.
I can't totally carve him.
And I will give him this.
He is smart.
He knows how to work people. He's got a psychology degree. He knows how to manipulate him. And I will give him this. He is smart. He knows how to work people.
He's got a psychology degree.
He knows how to manipulate people.
So I'll give him credit for that.
But this guy is an asshole.
And it is the biggest joke.
Everybody here thinks he's literally he's God up here.
I know.
I'm up there.
I'm up there, too.
You won two Olympic gold medals with, and I'm not going to brush that aside.
Yeah, the great.
I probably could have coached.
I was going to say, yeah, you get some have the best team in the tournament for Foxy.
I was going to say, yeah, you've got some of the greatest rosters ever assembled.
It's not like you had to be fucking Toe Blake out there.
Well, call me.
I never played for him, obviously.
So when I first asked you about him, someone who had played for him,
I was just shocked because not knowing anything about him,
you're like, oh, this guy, you know, what a good coach.
He wins everywhere he goes.
He gets all this respect.
And I'm like, I wonder if the guys like him. And then ask a couple and people despise him like i was shocked by that but
you said no this is dude he's the absolute worst what you have no idea hatred man i mean i get
along with just about everybody i mean just uh i'm like i said i if i told everything i'd be on
here for an hour so like just uh i had two run-ins with him nobody knows about the first one the
first one is actually
not even that big of a deal but after my second year pro i got traded to anaheim it was his first
year coming in being the head coach in anaheim i was supposed to play i was supposed to be like
number five six defenseman i'd split my time evenly in new jersey my first two years in albany
and i came in there and long story really short he just flat out buried me like right from the get-go gone no chance
you later no chance he wanted to play his boy from spokane kurt sour soft as baby shit saying
he's uh there was like he was telling me things on the ice i don't want to get into the whole thing
but i was like man i am screwed here you know and you know it that's the worst when you just
go on go down to cnc like i guess the worst part of it is when he sent me down not only did he i did not get a chance
and buried me but then he goes into the paper i showed up to camp every year in shape if i didn't
i would have been done like i had to it's not like i didn't have i had very little talent so if i
don't show up in shape i'm not even making an east coast league team so i was always in shape
so when he booted me out of there the first he goes right to the paper says well mike doesn't care didn't
showed up he wasn't in shape so i read this i'm like are you shitting me yeah so now i got a
reputation i i was never able to shake that reputation that i don't work out and i worked
my ass off in the summer so that was probably my big problem with them then that's a little bit
more it's a flat out lie.
At least say, you know what, I got a guy
that I wanted to play. Call him, he's in the mix.
Maybe we'll see him up there later.
He's shitting on you to make it look easier for him
to make the decision to send you down.
Exactly. And not only that,
but he is trying to bury me.
It's what he's trying to do.
So anyways, that goes on. Thank God.
Trade deadline. Calgary trades for me. My career goes from do. So anyways, that goes on. Thank God, trade deadline, Calgary trades for me.
My career goes, you know, I go from there.
So anyways, I carve them in the papers when I get signed in Columbus.
First game, Detroit's in town.
I carve them, but not like crazy bad.
Not like you are now.
Yeah, not like we're doing now.
This is in the paper.
Anyways, I end up finding out.
We end up winning.
I'll never forget that we won like 3-2 in overtime. I think I had two or three assists. I assisted on the paper. Anyways, I end up finding out. We end up winning. It was  I'll never forget.
We won like 3-2 in overtime.
I think I had two or three assists.
I assisted on the winner.
I was pumped.
And I found out after that that all like Chelios and Osgood and all these veteran guys had cut the article out and highlighted the parts where I was carbon babs.
Well, I thought at first that it was like to try and motivate the team like Commodore is an asshole.
Well, it was like the exact opposite.
To let them know this is what he did.
Yeah, they wanted to let them know what I thought because they thought it was great that I was saying it.
Oh, that is fucking hilarious.
Yeah, they loved it.
But anyways, my big problem with them, just to, and I know I'm talking too long. No, please, call me, call me.
This is what we love here.
It's the electric company here.
Keep going.
All right.
My big problem with him, so after my second year in Columbus,
I play in Ken Holland's golf tournament.
Ken Holland, he's the GM in Detroit.
Anyways, have a great time.
Crush a few beers.
Get along with Ken.
Things are good.
Scott Arneal, the other coach that I hate.
Anyways, he comes into columbus
i'm done i get bought out so we fast forward through the third year i get bought out so i'm
getting bought out july 1st the day before i get bought out my agent's like all right like
probably gonna have to wait i don't know what's coming if anything i go all right no problem wait
till august no problem next day nine in theowna time, 12 o'clock Boston time, phone rings.
It's my agent.
I'm like, what the fuck does this guy want?
Just talked to him yesterday.
What's going on?
He's like, hey, I got a contract offer for you.
I'm like, seriously?
I'm like, well, what is it?
I'm like, what is this, somebody called from the East Coast League on July 1st?
It's a cap company?
Yeah.
He goes, hey, one year, one million.
I'm like, wow. I'm like, one way? He's like, yeah, one way.
I'm like, wow, I'm not going to get anything better than that.
Usually when you get bought out, if you're lucky
enough, you get one more chance.
I knew that. And that is
the top end of
what I was going to get.
So I go, well,
that sounds great. I'm like, who is it?
It's like, destroyed.
My first response, well, fuck, I'm not going there.
Yeah, Babcock, no chance.
My agent, now, the agent I had then wasn't the same agent I had my second year pro with my first run in with Babs.
So I'm like, he goes, what do you mean?
It's Detroit.
I go, dude.
So I tell him a little bit of the story.
I'm like, Babcock's getting me in there.
All he wants to do is fuck me.
He goes, no.
He goes, there's no way.
I go, yeah, the guy wants to fuck me. I'm not playing there. I'd love to play in Detroit. All he wants to do is fuck me. He goes, no. He goes, there's no way. I go, yeah. The guy wants to fuck me.
I'm not playing there.
I'd love to play in Detroit.
I'd love to play for Ken.
I ain't playing for fucking Babcock.
I won't even get a chance.
Yeah, you knew you wouldn't play.
I knew I wouldn't play.
I knew it.
My gut instinct right away knew I wouldn't play.
He's like, well, what do you want me to tell him?
And I'm just like, well, I'm like, fuck.
I'm like, just tell him we'll get back to him.
Well, he goes, Mike, and this is the fucking shitty part.
He goes, Mike, Ken put a the fucking shitty part. He goes, Mike,
Ken put a 15-minute time limit on the contract. He needs to know if you're in
or out in 15 minutes. Free agency
just fucking started.
Literally, within five minutes.
You have to say yes, dude. You have to.
Yeah, million to million.
I ended up like, I'm like, okay.
I got 15 minutes. I hang up. I go,
I'll call you back. I call Ken Holland. I go, Ken, I'd love to okay, I've got 15 minutes. I hang on. I go, I'll call you back.
I call Ken Holland.
I go, Ken, I'd love to play for you.
I'd love to play in Detroit.
Does Mike Babcock fucking want me? Or is he trying to fuck me?
No, he wants you.
Do you believe him?
Yes.
Give me his number.
Hang up the phone.
You called him?
I called fucking Mike Babcock.
Wow, fucking stone.
This is exactly what I said to him.
I go, he answers the phone.
Hey, Connie, how's it going?
I'm like, stare at my phone.
I'm like, is this guy serious?
I'm like, Bab, seriously phone. I'm like, is this guy serious? I'm like, Babs, seriously,
please be honest with me. Do you
want me on your hockey team or not?
If not, no hard feelings.
Yeah, no hard feelings.
It's exactly what I said. I said, if you don't want
me on the team, if it's Ken that wants me on the team
and you don't want me there, no problem.
I won't come. I'll wait. I'll go somewhere
else. No, no, no. I want you on the team.
We don't have any right-handed shots. Nick likes
playing with the right-handed defensemen.
We need a physical presence, blah, blah, blah. I go, Babs,
please don't bullshit me. This is
going to be my last opportunity.
Are you going to give me an opportunity? I'm not asking for
anything special. I'm not saying
I need to be on the power play. I just need
to know that I'm going to get a fair shake
at playing. I just need an opportunity.
I know I can play.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, blah, blah, blah.
I want you, I want you, I want you.
Hang up the phone.
Call my agent.
I got like five minutes left.
I'm like, he goes, well, what do you think?
I go, he's going to fuck me.
I go, I don't want to go there.
He's going to fuck me.
He goes, Mike, if he said he's going to give you an opportunity, he'll give you an opportunity.
Blah, blah, blah. I'm like, so I start thinking. I'm like, well, if he said he's going to give you an opportunity, he'll give you an opportunity, blah, blah, blah.
So I start thinking.
I'm like, well, it would be nice to play with Nick Lidstrom.
We're going to make the playoffs.
I'm like, play with Nick.
I just go D to D all year.
That's 30 points.
I'm like, that would be good for my career.
And so I ended up saying yes.
I'll get another deal out of that one.
Seriously.
Oh, yeah.
So I'm like, against my better judgment, I was like, you know what?
I'm going to believe him. I'm going to go. I say, yes, sign the contract. So this is 15, 20 minutes into free agency. I'm off the board. It's like six hours earlier than I was off the board when I was supposed to be a hot commodity when Columbus signed me. And then anyways, I mean, the rest is history. I basically I come in training camp and he fucked me, buried me.
Did you know from the start that one, too, or did he at least do like a week of pairing you with Cronwell?
That's your camp just to let you think that you were going to play.
Dude, this guy wouldn't even let me fucking practice.
So, like, you know how there's seven D with like, let's say we're doing like a two on one drill.
You know what I mean?
Like full ice.
Everyone is hopping in. Everybody's hopping in literally every single time. So I, like, a two-on-one drill. You know what I mean? Like, full ice. Everyone is hopping in. Boom.
Everybody's hopping in.
Literally every single time.
So I'm like, I'm not playing.
I'm like, okay, seventh D, I'll go or whatever.
Now, I tweaked my knee at the end of training or in the middle of training camp.
So I was out, like, the first three games.
So I'm like, no problem.
So those aren't scratches.
But, like, the team went, like, 0-5 at the beginning.
I don't play.
I don't play.
I don't play.
They're not doing good.
I'm not playing.
I'm practicing.
Seventh D.
So we go through once.
I get my return to go.
I get to go once.
Literally every single fucking time.
Every defenseman is supposed to go twice.
Everybody gets the fair deal two times through.
Every single fucking time it was my turn to go the second time.
Blew it down.
Done. Oh, God. See, it sounds like it's go the second time, blew it down. Done.
Oh, God.
See, it sounds like it's almost. Three on two with these rotations, I get to go through once.
Whenever I was up next, blow it down.
Sounds like working for Michael Scott.
Sounds like my high school hockey career.
Wow.
So, yeah.
That's certainly worthy of, you know, holding the grudge.
Sometimes grudges need to be held.
But actually, Mike, just going to take it back to your career a little bit.
I heard an interview with Richard Sherman recently.
What's his name?
The D back for Seattle Seahawks.
He said that he remembers the Super Bowl loss to the Patriots
more than he remembers the Super Bowl win.
Now, just to bring our listeners up to speed,
you were on the 0-4 Calgary Flames,
one of the great, great, truly great Stanley Cups of our time,
versus Tampa Bay.
You guys lost a double overtime.
Sorry to bring it up.
Just to refresh our listeners here.
You guys end up losing in seven by a goal.
Just a heartbreaking loss.
There's a lockout.
You come back 0-6 Carolina versus Edmonton, two.
I believe they were both number eight seeds.
Probably the most underrated Stanley Cup of the last 25, 30 years
just because of the two teams no one expected there.
You end up kind of getting a redemption, getting your cup then.
What do you remember more, the loss or the win?
For me, it was 100.
I kind of understand, I think, what Sherman's saying.
For me, it was 100 the win. But I was in a little kind of understand i think what sherman's saying for me it was 100
the win but i was i mean i was in a little bit of a different situation too like when i was in
calgary i was called up for half the year like i was basically just happy to be there right and
like the first round like i got in because of an injury so like the first round i was playing 22
minutes a night the second round against det I was playing like 14 the conference finals against
San Jose I was playing like eight and then Tampa I was like and trust me I'm not bitching I was
I was happy to be there and I made the most of those eight minutes and then against Tampa I
wasn't playing very much like a couple minutes maybe a game whereas for me when in Carolina
I mean I was 20 minutes a night every single game that playoff so for me
it was I remember I mean as much as it sucked and I actually didn't even because I forget who
Tony Lidman came back so I didn't play in games six and seven against Tampa so for like game six
we could have clinched it in Calgary I was ready to party let me tell you I was ready to rock in
the stands and then game seven like I mean, I do remember that,
like coming into the locker room after the game and like guys are crying.
And, you know, I mean, it was brutal for sure.
But for me, I definitely remember the win more just because I was a,
I mean, it literally wasn't even close to the difference as far as what I meant
to the team in Carolina as compared to Calgary.
The only thing that did suck for you is that your Stanley Cup parade
was in a parking lot.
Oh, my God.
Guys are going down Michigan Ave in Chicago with thousands of girls,
and you were in a parking lot in Raleigh.
We had a parking lot.
I was standing in the back of a Daisy.
You were just waffled.
Do you think they're going to?
Oh, yeah. They obviously don't look long for that
place anymore. Carolina, do you see them getting sold
or moving anytime soon?
You know what? When I was there, we had a 10-year
reunion last February, and I was talking to a few of the
guys that work there.
I mean, I don't...
I don't know. I guess my
honest answer is I have no fucking clue.
Okay. I mean, yeah, I know they're looking.
I think they're looking. They want to keep it there.
And they're looking for somebody local to step up and buy it.
And I think there's some people in mind.
So they want to keep it there, I know for sure.
I hope they do. I mean, I get it.
It's not Boston. There's no doubt about that.
But if the team's decent, that's a good place to play.
I enjoyed it there.
I guess I'm biased because I was  I had a lot of success there,
and I enjoyed it there.
Right.
Dude, when we
I don't know.
When we played you  I was in Pittsburgh.
We played you there the year you won it at the end of the year,
and it was  the atmosphere was ridiculous.
And then now it's like  basically, if they're good, it's great.
And if they're not good, it's going to be awful.
Yeah. Yeah, no, you're exactly right. basically, if they're good, it's great. And if they're not good, it's going to be awful. Yeah.
Yeah.
No, you're exactly right.
Like in the early in the season, usually isn't awesome.
Once, you know, basketball kind of winds down.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a college town for sure.
But like, like you said, yeah.
Like when, when that place is rolling, I mean, it's, you know, people, when we went to the
finals and there was always big things in Canada, especially about Edmonton being like
the loudest place ever and this and that.
And don't get me wrong.
It was loud in Edmonton and all that.
I'll tell you what.
There was no place louder than Carolina during that finals.
No shit, huh?
Even before that.
Yeah, you had Ric Flair, dude, out there like ripping it into the mic.
Oh, these people are loaded by like  we would pull in for pregame skate and there would be a couple people in the parking lot.
So this is like, what,
9.30, 10 in the morning. By the time
I left to go for lunch at noon, there's
a full-blown tailgate party going.
And the game doesn't fucking start
until 7.30. College football style.
These people are blissed.
And it's funny, too, now that we're talking about it.
I mean, Carolina, they got to
two cups within four seasons.
They lost to Detroit in 0-2, I think it was, right?
Not that there was any dynasty or anything like that,
but I think when you look back, you kind of forget about
they actually had a pretty goddamn good team there for a little while.
Yeah, they were good back then.
By no stretch have they been results-wise embarrassing.
Even in the last few years, they haven't been great.
But, like, 09, they were in the conference finals.
Like, they've been all right.
You know what I mean?
If you wanted to line up all the franchises, they're definitely not at the bottom as far as success.
That's for sure.
That's a good point.
Right.
So, Kami, there's one other thing that I don't know if everyone listening knows that we have in common,
So, Commie, there's one other thing that I don't know if everyone listening knows that we have in common,
is that we both got to live in that shithole Russia for hockey season to end our career.
Oh, yeah.
Can you please let us into the story that you mentioned to me in England this summer about the bar and what happened there?
Yeah, all right.
I can definitely do that. So played in vladivostok
vladivostok's on the pacific ocean the rest of the league other than one team is on the western
side of russia or in europe so our road trips in vladivostok would start with a 10-hour flight
from vladivostok to moscow and it was a seven-hour time change minimum so we played the year i was
there was
four games on the road four at home four games on the road four at home so needless to say we
were constantly flying and constantly jet lagged so that kind of sets up a little bit what happened
so we play the Red Army in Moscow on whatever day it was get on the plane fly all night 10 hours
lose seven hours land in Vladivostok at like 2 in the afternoon.
I go back to my apartment.
I'm exhausted.
I'm like, but I know this is already, this is kind of right before the Olympics, the Sochi Olympics.
I'm like, all right, I know I can't sleep, man.
It's 4 in the afternoon.
If I go to sleep, I'm going to be up at midnight.
Like, my body's fucked.
So I'm like trying to stay up, trying to stay up.
One of the Russian guys texts me.
He's like, hey, we're going for dinner.
I'm like, all right. And that means you're in one. up, trying to stay up. One of the Russian guys texts me. He's like, hey, we're going for dinner. I'm like, all right.
And that means you're in one.
Yeah, yeah, in one.
So we end up going to this restaurant, which a French place in Vladivostok, legitimately on North American standards, it is a five-star restaurant.
It's nice.
Wow.
So we sit down.
Yeah, it's a nice place.
Sit down.
It's probably like 5 o'clock in the afternoon or in the evening.
Start crushing beers, like crushing them so i end up we're bullshit and one guy's one one guy played over here so he speaks english the way that another guy was young no english so we're like
having a good time or whatever crushing beers i have like four or five like pieces of shrimp
didn't really have much to eat smashing Smashing beers. Now it's like
8 o'clock or whatever.
I've thought about this a lot, man.
So we're leaving the restaurant. I pay the bill.
And for the
life of me, I don't know how this started, but
literally the next thing I know is
I'm walking out of the restaurant
and all of a sudden I get jumped by two dudes
and I am in one.
Just getting teed off on.
So I'm like, what is going on?
So I grab like one guy by the neck.
I like push him up against the wall.
His buddy's like just teeing off on me.
I'm like, what the fuck is going on?
So I like the guy that's pushing me.
I like push him off.
And then I just smash the guy up against the wall, break his nose.
We end up going, the guy, the other guy grabs nose. We end up going, the other guy grabs me.
We end up going flying back into the restaurant.
And I mean like tripping over tables.
I started throwing chairs at the guys.
The restaurant was busy too, like packed.
People are screaming, running out of the restaurant.
The staff is petrified.
They're running to the back corner.
I'm running around.
These dudes are chasing me.
We are like big time in one. I kicking them they're kicking me i'd be just teeing off on one guy the
other guy comes in behind me puts me in a choke hold like total shit show the young russian i i
found out the next day he was in the bathroom he said he came out he said this through a translator
and i was just teeing off on a guy right in the entryway. So he ran out and left. He probably walked right out, I was going to say.
Oh, he took off.
He like straight up left.
The other guy stuck around with me.
So anyways, end of the fight kind of, and I was, it actually ended,
the cop car, cops come or whatever.
It was actually probably a good thing for me because when they ended up
showing up, I had, I was on my back laying on top of a guy.
I was in a full-blown choke hold.
I was trying to like reverse headbutt the guy, laying on top of a guy. I was in a full-blown chokehold. I was trying to reverse headbutt the guy
on the ground, and his
body was kicking, booting me in the face.
Was this the KHL or Taken 3?
Oh,
I mean, I was definitely in one.
Anyways, all of a sudden, they bowled, and I'm like,
oh my god.
So I get up.
I look around. I wish I would have taken
a panoramic picture or videotaped it or something.
This restaurant, there was nothing broken, broken, but tables everywhere, chairs everywhere, cutlery all over the fucking place.
It looked like most other restaurants in Russia.
What's that?
It looked like most other restaurants in Russia when you went back in.
Yeah, it looked like the rest of them.
most other restaurants in russia when you yeah it looked like the rest of them but yeah anyways ended up getting like thrown in the cop car taken over to like the police station thrown in a
holding cell with like a bunch of mongolian looking dudes because we were basically like in
mongolia china kind of area and it was ended up sitting there they would come like yelling
passport passport i'm like net passport like no passport and then i then I ended up like sitting there for probably two hours.
The other guy was making phone calls trying to figure this out.
And then like this dude in like a leather jacket, black leather jacket, a little bit darker skin.
He like walked by the cell a couple times.
I thought he was like an undercover cop or something.
And then all of a sudden he just kind of stopped.
He opened up the door to the jail cell and he just nodded at me and like waved at me to come over i'm like all right i just got up walked out and walked right out the
front door see you later so so you technically escaped from russian jail gone right out the
front door as we were walking down like the team manager was coming up and i just waved at him and
this guy took me right back to the bar the that easily by no means
could have and that could have been ended in a death for you yeah i mean that place there was
no rules do we know why you were fighting do we know why the guys jumped you jumped you no like
honestly like i roll you so like two two days later i got like a cryptic tweet on like twitter
from somebody who just created the account.
It was their first and only tweet.
And it was like  honestly, I don't know what happened.
And it said like  in English, it said like, I can't believe  it was something like, I can't believe someone of your stature  I think they meant just being a hockey player in town, would start something like that?
And I read it, and I was like, start something
like that. First off, I've never started
a bar fight. Secondly, I don't even
know how I would have started the bar
fight. It wouldn't be
because of something I said. Nobody would understand what I'm
saying anyways. I would just say it's
fucking Russia Grinelli. I mean, it's crazy
shit happens.
Basically, that could easily happen in this country.
Doesn't the mob run the KHL?
Isn't that what they're saying?
We don't want to get Commie in any sort of trouble.
Yeah.
No, I don't know.
I think it might have been like that back in the day.
Yeah.
Yeah, back in the day, I think there were a couple teams that were,
but I don't think so anymore.
I think they've cleaned it up pretty good, actually.
Well, listen, Mike, you are, for our first time having a player on,
I think we probably should have waited because I think you really set the bar too high.
Yeah, but you'll be coming back on.
Yeah, we'll definitely have you as a recurring guest.
Now that we've introduced you to viewers, listen, Israel,
we can bring you back to certainly analyze the game, what's going on in the league today.
I certainly got some good questions I want to ask you about, D,
but we can go on, like you said, for hours with
you, but we do got a few other things we want to
get to, but we just want to thank you for having me,
man. It's been absolutely fantastic.
Great interview, and we're definitely
going to have you back. Hey, Mike, and I just
wanted to say, I hate Babcock
now, too. Fuck Babcock.
Dude, Grinnelli's on your side.
Yeah, exactly. Call me. We appreciate
it, buddy. Hopefully I'll see you in February sometime. on your side. Yeah, exactly. Call me. We appreciate it, buddy.
Hopefully I'll see you in February sometime.
Swing on. Yeah, that sounds good, buddy.
All right.
See you later, buddy.
Thanks a lot for having me.
Thanks, Guam.
Take care.
That segment was brought to you by DraftKings.
What's up, everyone?
Grinnelly here.
Hockey is back, and you can be a part of the action all season long at DraftKings.com,
the destination for daily fantasy hockey, where you can win cash prizes
every time you play with Daily Fantasy. There are no season-long commitments, so you don't have to
spend months micromanaging your roster, because as we all know, that's the worst. It's a brand
new season every day at DraftKings. Play when you want, with the players you want, and with that
cash at night. Just pick up your contest, draft your team, and follow the action live.
It's basically next to the best thing, next to sitting center ice.
Face off with friends and coworkers in a custom league to see who the superior GM really is,
or create new rivalries with fantasy players from all over the country and all over the world,
and turn your love of hockey into a serious, serious payday.
DraftKings even offers a 100 free-to-play.
And whatever your level of fantasy expertise,
there's something for everyone at DraftKings.
Hire your DraftKings.com now and use the code CHICKLETS to play for free tonight.
Yep, that's right, for free.
The promo code CHICKLETS is to play for free only at DraftKings.com.
DraftKings.com.
Eligibility and restrictions may apply.
Seaside for details.
Wow.
Absolutely electric.
I know that's a word that gets overused.
I told you he's got good stories.
Absolutely electric interview with Mike Commodore.
Great stuff.
Very candid.
Honest.
Funny. I love that he's just trying to get laid driving around. Electric interview with Mike Commodore. Great stuff. Very candid, honest, funny.
I love that he's just trying to get laid driving around.
That's the best part.
That's hilarious.
But it was a fantastic interview.
Like I said, I think we may have set the bar too high having him on first because I'm not sure everyone can do what he does.
Yeah, I don't think.
If we get a current player on, it's going to be the complete opposite of that.
They'll probably just be making fun of me.
Yeah, exactly.
So thanks again to Mike Commodore.
Fantastic stuff.
So now we're going to bring up one of our weekly segments.
All right, Hamilton.
And Grinelli, take it away.
All right, Hamilton.
All right, so the first question we got here is, and this is a little
oiler-centric because I know Ryan's got a soft spot for them.
Sean Hendo says,
do you think Shirely can fix the oilers?
In quotes, he has the ultimate set of tools.
All right, Hamilton.
Dude, dude, this is, I'm glad this came up.
That guy should be thanking God that they got Connor McDavid,
because that's all that's going to end up creating,
making Edmonton a great,
a great team.
I mean,
they're going to have to make a couple moves,
but the fact that they got him,
if they ever win a cup,
it'll always be known as like,
we got Connor McDavid.
That's why we want to stand up.
We got Sidney Crosby.
That's why we got a Stanley cup.
You know,
you don't necessarily think of Ray Sherrill or Craig Patrick.
When you think of the Crosby's,
you know,
right.
Winning the Stanley cup in Pittsburgh. You think of Sid of Crosby winning the Stanley Cup in
Pittsburgh, you think of Sidney Crosby.
It's like Shirely was  I don't know.
I'd love to hear you.
I don't think he's a good GM.
I don't even understand.
He got Chara to come to Boston.
He traded Sagan.
He's made some horrendous deals.
He traded Hall for Adam Larson.
Edmonton's doing well this year.
I know that I've ripped
this trade before, but
Hall's looked great when healthy.
And Larson hasn't been a number
two defenseman, which is what they hope.
Shirely gets, he's so
lucky. He got to Boston.
He didn't have to do much there. I think he's
done both. I think he's made a lot of terrible
moves, but he made some pretty good moves.
Some very shrewd moves that ended up bringing the cup to Boston.
A couple of those depth signs.
That Seidenberg trade was dynamite.
That was a great trade to bring him.
And, you know, bringing in Peveley and bringing in Kelly.
I mean, those were like, you know, moves that led to winning the cup.
That were great moves at the time.
Unfortunately, he overcompensated after they won the cup.
I think most of his bad moves were after they won the cup. That were great moves at the time. Unfortunately, he overcompensated after they won the cup. I think the most
of his bad moves
were after they won the cup.
So,
it's kind of like,
you know,
I mean,
of course,
the Sagan train.
how much did he get
when he got there
to Boston to win?
Like,
it wasn't,
I mean,
it was,
yeah,
there were minor deals
that ended up
making a big deal.
Guys like that,
you know,
the Stanley Cup with,
but the moves he's made,
I don't,
like,
how long would he be
in Edmonton?
If they didn't have Connor McDavid, look at their team.
Look at their team right now.
Right, exactly.
And what's he going to do?
Without McDavid here, how good is Shirley going to do?
Obviously, that's something they're lucky they're never going to have to worry about.
But he did win a cup.
I will say he is very well regarded among his peers, very well respected.
I mean, he's not a dummy, even though some of his moves we might call dumb.
No, he's not a dumb guy, but I mean, it's just, I don't really.
No.
I don't think that he'll make a, I don't think that if Edmonton goes on to win the cup,
I mean, I don't think it'll be because of him.
It'll be more of a luck of the ping pong balls for getting Colin McDavid.
So, all right, that's for sure, Ellie.
All right, so number two, DG says, thoughts on Marian Hossa being top 10 in goals.
How many does he finish with?
All right, Hamilton.
Marian Hossa, one of the most,
I don't want to say underrated
because everyone knows how good he is,
but not talked about.
Maybe under the radar.
It's probably better than underrated.
Getting the chance to play with him.
He got traded at the deadline to Pittsburgh.
We went on to the Stanley Cup Finals, and we lost.
He had over a point per game in the playoff.
He was the best defensive player on the team.
He'd back check his balls off.
Then he'd be the first guy back in the rush.
He's 235 pounds.
I love that he's starting to get respect.
I think a lot of it's because last year he had a little bit of an off year for the first time in his career. And this year he's
come back on fire. I think he's 37, I want to say, maybe 38. And he's dominating. He's got three OT
winners this year. I don't know how many goals he'll end up finishing. I mean, he says he wants
to play out the end of his contract with just three more seasons. So, I mean, that guy gets 20 a year.
That's 60.
He's at, I think, around 5'10 right now.
He could finish top six in goals all time
if you're looking at it, right?
I'm looking up his goals right here
at the top of my head.
But just to come back this year
and kind of show that...
He is an outstanding player.
I mean, he played in three cups in a row
with three different teams,
if I'm not mistaken, right? Yeah, he's been to five in a row with three different teams, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, and he's been to five standings.
Yeah, with you guys, 08.
He lost.
No, he flip-flopped.
That's right.
08, that's right.
He lost 08 with Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh.
And then he lost with Detroit the next year.
And then that summer, he was a free agent because we got him as a rental.
And Pittsburgh had to re-sign him.
He chose Detroit instead on a one-year deal because Detroit had just just beat us and he thought that was his best chance in the cup
and then pittsburgh beats them there's a you know not a famous picture but a picture for him that
he'd like to forget of him just sitting along the boards at the end of game seven with the red wings
jersey on with pittsburgh celebrating you you know in his head he's like what the fuck did i do
i fucked this up big time but in in great fashion for him
he goes on he signs in chicago goes to the Stanley Cup final um ends up winning three of them and
is a surefire hall of famer i think yeah he's definitely a hall of famer and oh no first
ballot he's just a great great two-way player too i think that you know a great guy we get
caught up in offense and everything but he's definitely a two-way player quick little side
story like on my way to the looking for the locker room in Pittsburgh after that game,
I had my Bruins hat on, and he just lost the fucking cup.
Everyone knew he was a free agent.
He was probably the most coveted free agent.
And I walked by, and he just kind of looked.
When you walk by, you look at him, he looked at me,
and I just instinctively pointed to my hat.
I'm like, this summer.
He probably doesn't even forget it. He had the most crushing loss of at me, and I just instinctively pointed to my hat. I'm like, this summer? He probably doesn't even forget
that he had the most crushing loss of his career.
He would never remember
that, but at the time, I was probably like, fuck this guy.
Who's this fucking idiot? He's got
563 goals.
Did I just see that?
563? He's at already?
No. 513.
I'm sorry. 513. I'm fucking...
He's 38 right now.
In a couple more years, he could potentially crack the top 20,
but definitely a Hall of Fame player.
All right, next up, Mike.
All right, so last one.
Fomer says, Stool Chicklets, can you guys weigh in on how successful
the three-on-three overtime is and shootout?
All right, how's it?
I love it.
I love three-on-three overtime.
Love it.
My buddies are actually a hockey fan.
I'm going to call them all-three overtime. Love it. My buddy's actually a hockey fan.
I'm going to call him out, Brian Foley.
The other day we're watching the Bruins game.
He goes to OT, and he says, whoa, when did it go to three-on-three?
I go, last year at the beginning of the year, bud.
So that's just the type of friends I have. We just forgot a full season.
Get some good chronicles.
Exactly.
So I love it.
I think every game is exciting.
Two-on-ones, back-and-forth, breakaways.
Players, you can tell, the top skill guys love it.
They collect points on it.
It's an easy way to maybe get an assist.
Yeah, that's a good point.
And it's fun.
Pun intended.
I love the three-on-three tool.
I'm not crazy about the shootout for obvious reasons, like I've said before.
It ultimately can determine who gets in the playoffs,
and that kind of sucks having a breakaway contest aside that.
But it's here.
You've got to solve it.
You don't want ties.
I mean, it's working.
It is what it is.
It's not the worst thing.
Yeah, the shootout, I mean.
You're going to have people complaining no matter what.
What else are you going to do?
Yeah, if you don't want to do ties, you know what I mean?
You don't want to do ties. Those are brutal, and you don't want to do ties, you know what I mean? You don't want to do ties.
Those are brutal.
And you end up seeing some pretty good, cool goals.
No, the three-on-three is fantastic.
No, I mean the shootout.
Yeah, the breakaways.
But how about past the next goal the other night?
That was phenomenal.
He went up to the neutral zone at pickup speed.
Krejci saw him, did that little backdoor pass,
had a full head of steam coming in.
And just like he froze Luongo,
like the way,
like Luongo was dead to rights,
literally.
Guys this summer
skating with him
were saying,
like,
this kid is,
he's so skilled
and he's fast
and he's just gotten,
like,
bigger.
And now,
I mean,
he's second in the league in goals.
He could be a 50-goal scorer
we might have here.
So,
it's cool.
We're not going to,
you know,
we're not going to
bore people with Bruins.
That's our Bruins rule.
But anyways,
that's it. Like I said, we had going to bore people with Bruins. There goes your... Bruins rule. But anyways, that's it.
Like I said, we had such a long interview with Kami.
It was a good interview, so we kept it going.
So we're cutting other segments a little shorter than we usually do.
So we're already creeping up on Ask a Millennial, a very popular weekly segment.
I'm ready.
People tweeting me, Pat Benatar hit me with the best shots, a good song.
That is just garbage.
Maybe if you, like, remixed it, eh, Grinnells, with, like, some...
Maybe if you, like, hammered at a wedding, like, you know...
Maybe if you, like, with some...
No, not even...
No, hammered at a wedding, you give me shout, hammered at a wedding.
Shots the best, yeah.
You give me other...
You don't give me, hit me with your best shot.
No, you're right.
It's like a...
It's like a...
It should be like a... It's probably played in a movie
When guys are like
Working on something
Or playing like volleyball
Or some shit
By the way
If you're having a wedding
And they're gonna play shout
You gotta go fucking
Otis Day and the Knights
I mean
Isley Brothers sang it first
I know but
Wait no no
I'm talking the band plays it
Live band here
Fucking
Come on
Dude
I got a fucking live band
I got a DJ man
Oh my god dude Live bands can ruin DJs uh Rears cookouts in the summer too Dude, I got a fucking live band. I got a DJ, man. Oh, my God, dude.
Live bands can ruin.
DJs rear cookouts in the summer, too?
No, dude.
I got married in Florida a peck ahead, so I didn't know the guy.
Honestly, though.
No, live bands at a wedding.
I mean, some bands are fantastic, but I like the original.
I want the studio version of a great song.
I love.
I love wedding bands.
I've seen some great bands, too, but I mean mean unless i had the dan band then i'm fucking
all about that dj and i'm an underrated song at weddings too come on feel the noise big fucking
crowd please oh my god all right coming up ask a millennial let's go um we're gonna go with the
young the youngster first mikey bosom buddies bosom buddies bosom buddies. Bosom buddies. I mean, it... Sounds like a porno.
Yeah.
Bosom buddies.
Bosom buddies.
Dude, you have no clue.
I have no idea.
I have no fucking clue.
I was going to make a good guess, though.
This is unbelievable.
Bosom buddies.
All right, do you guys ever hear of Tom Hanks?
Do you know who Tom Hanks is?
No.
I'm just kidding.
Yeah, I know Tom.
I'm a cast away.
Tom Hanks.
Tom Hanks.
Well, Tom Hanks, years before he was a huge movie star,
he starred on a television show called Bosom Buddies with Peter Scolari.
It was a hotel or a place where only women were allowed to live.
I think it was a hotel.
So they had to dress as women because they needed somebody to live.
This is a show Tom Hanks won.
Tom Hanks and Peter Scolari, another rapper.
Would the average, would the normal person your age, though, know this?
No.
I don't think so.
Honestly, I think, I would say more than not.
I'm texting my dad when we leave, so.
Bosom Buddies.
What channel was this on?
I believe it was an ABC show without checking Wikipedia.
I believe it was an ABC show.
I want to say late 70s into early 80s.
Bosom Buddies, yep, they dressed up as women to live in this hotel.
I don't know if they were actors or whatever.
I forget the exact premise, but they had to live in a place.
They couldn't live anywhere else, so dressing up as women was the thing.
This is on your YouTube reels that you watch?
Not something that we would probably see as a show today.
Google in Bosom Buddies who'd come up with some.
Oh, yeah.
So you guys, 0 for 2 bosom buddies.
All right, next up, number two, Mikey, Joe Piscopo.
Oh, this sounds really, I don't know who this is.
I'm not going to lie.
Man, dude, it sounds so familiar to me, too.
It sounds so familiar.
Is he a guy in Goodfellas?
No.
Nope.
That would mind.
Joe Piscopo.
I'm with the young Joe Piscopo.
That ain't helping me.
No, it's not.
Wait, a boxer?
Is he a boxer?
No, he announced horse races.
No.
Joe Piscopo was a cast member of probably one of the two or three greatest casts of Saturday Night Live history.
Him and Eddie Murphy.
Eddie Murphy went on to become the biggest star on the planet.
Joe Pascopo.
We should have got that one.
You definitely should have.
I'm honestly surprised.
Was he in movies?
Yes.
Did you see Johnny Dangerously with Michael Keaton where he plays the gangster?
Absolutely not.
Of course not.
Absolutely not.
He played the bad guy, Danny Vermin.
Outstanding.
He was actually a good actor.
I don't know how he wasn't a big star.
I'm sure a lot of people said.
But him and Eddie Murphy, they had the unbelievable chemistry together on SNL.
Will I recognize his face when I image him right now?
He did Frank Sinatra.
When Eddie Murphy did Stevie Wonder, he would do Frank Sinatra.
He was honestly one of the best players ever on SNL, and he didn't quite have the great career.
He's like a DJ in New Jersey now.
Doing your wedding?
Yeah.
Exactly. Not a band. have the great career. He's like a DJ in New Jersey now. Doing your wedding? Yeah. Fucking
exactly. Not a band.
So yeah, Piscopo. Actually, go
watch. If you want to watch something live, your ball's off. Go watch
the greatest hits of Eddie Murphy off
SNL. Piscopo's probably in half of them.
So, alright, next up, we got
two more here for Ask a Millennial.
I gotta get one today.
Mikey, Evil Knievel.
Oh, I know that one.
He's the guy that wore the white suit that jumped the Grand Canyon.
Oh, fuck.
You did get that one.
If he didn't get that one, he was out of here.
Yeah.
He didn't quite make the canyon.
But, yeah.
Well, that's the story.
I know.
You're right.
So, obviously.
Broke every bone in his body.
He was a motorcycle guy.
Yeah.
He was a stunt guy.
He was a stunt guy.
He was a stunt guy. He was a stunt guy.
And honestly... That was almost disrespectful
asking us that one.
That was a slap on our face.
That was disrespectful.
That was new to the 70s fucking stunt king.
Evil Knievel was fucking huge
in the 70s.
You can't overestimate how big he was.
I watched the documentary that came out like a year or two ago
Shit I forget the name
It's an Evel Knievel documentary
That I think Johnny Knoxville
He was like a national superstar
Listen I read
They had the stats on this documentary
Remember why
No I don't remember this either
ABC's Wide World of Sports
I know Wide World of Sports guy I know sports I don't remember this either. What is it? Okay, ABC's Wide World of Sports. I know Wide World of Sports, guy.
All right.
All right.
Oh, wow.
I'm coming a little bit.
I know sports.
I don't know fucking nerdy bosom buddies TV shows.
I'm not smart.
I'm not smart.
I want respect.
I play hockey in art school.
It's not what Pop wanted.
It's what I wanted.
So Wide World of Sports is on every Saturday ABC.
It used to host huge heavyweight fights back in the day.
Largely relevant show.
It wasn't like some scrub show.
Well, of their top rated, I think out of their top 20 rated shows, episodes ever.
Don't say more than 10.
Evil Knievel was in, I think, 12 of them.
It was some outrageous.
It might have been like eight out of the top 10.
I'd have to pull it up, but I'll look for the documentary.
I mean, the review I wrote of the documentary online. I'd have to pull it up, but I'll look for the documentary. The review I wrote of the documentary
online, I'll retweet it out. But he was in like,
I think it was like 7 out of 8 of the highest
10 episodes. Evil Knievel, dude. We got Evil Knievel.
Evil Knievel, good. I didn't know
he was that famous, though. He's huge, dude.
He tried to cross the Snake River
in a rocket and he had to pull the parachute, but
he jumped the
fountains at Caesar's Palace
and then he fucking had one of the worst wipeouts ever.
We'll tweet that out from the Stool Chicklets account.
I mean, he looks like a rag doll going across the fucking parking lot.
That and the hit.
Don't forget the hit, too, Grinnells.
Yep, Grinnells.
The East Coast League.
All right, one more left.
This one, we're going to go all for two.
I'll go with Ryan first, just for shits and giggles.
Ryan, the cannonball run.
That was a slide at Water Country up in New Hampshire that I went to every summer.
No, that's the Yankee cannonball.
Yeah, fuck.
I knew it was a cannonball.
Is that one of those slides that if you don't clench your butt cheeks,
you end up fucking getting basically sodomized by water?
No, it's a slide at a park where if you open your mouth,
you just get pissed from the water in the lazy river.
Okay.
Is that my cannonball run?
Cannonball Run.
I'm going to go with a movie that starred Robert De Niro.
You're right on the movie part.
Wow.
Most certainly not right on the Robert De Niro part.
Is that a full guess?
No, I feel like I've seen it flipping through the channels one time.
I've seen the Cannonball Run there, but I have no idea.
Yeah, no, you're right.
It's a movie, but it's not a De Niro movie.
It's a Burt Reynolds movie
from the 70s
in which the plot is
at the time
you only cause
the beer cause
the original cause
you couldn't bring it over
like the Mississippi River
can only be in certain areas
so it was like
I'm not sure
I think this was actually
in real life at one time
you can only get cause
like in Colorado
and the plot of the movie
was they had to like
do the cannonball run and drive Coors beer
back in Georgia or whatever the fuck.
Sounds like a good movie.
Huge redneck movie.
It's like a redneck loves cannonball run.
Burt Reynolds fans love cannonball run.
It's a classic movie.
Burt Reynolds, huge in the 70s.
I know he's gotten old.
He's probably known for Boogie Nights more than anything with the millennial crowd.
No, that guy, he was a stud.
That guy probably just crushed it.
Played football at Florida State.
But, yeah, I'd rather.
Cannonball to me is at the White Trash Water Park I went to.
So there's no.
That movie sounds horrendous.
But no, Cannonball Run, it's not a cinematic masterpiece.
People who do love it enjoy it.
It's a lot of good cast-ons in it.
It's that.
You've got Petit personally.
I'm more of a Hooper guy.
So we were one for four?
One for four.
With the easiest one ever.
Mikey, you must have an ask an old fuck.
I got a few, but if I was to say another one, would you know who to credit that to?
Another one?
Another one.
Like that. Another one. know who to credit that to? Another one? Another one. Like that.
Another one.
Who would you credit that to?
The way you're saying it, I guess a black guy.
Not to sound racist, but the way you're putting the inflection on it.
I don't know.
Kanye?
I don't know.
No.
All right.
Who?
You know.
I don't know.
It's DJ Khaled, you know?
Oh, yeah.
That guy on Snapchat.
Dude, let me tell you. I can't even get. I can't get either, that guy on Snapchat. Dude, let me tell you.
I can't get either.
I'm stuck in the middle.
Let me tell you.
I tried Snapchat.
This old fuck tried it because it's big with Boston.
I just don't get it.
Listen, let me tell you one thing.
I don't get it.
I've got to know you pretty well.
You are not a Snapchat guy.
Just trust me on that.
It's just fucking ADD Central, dude.
You don't seem like much of a selfie guy.
You know, you got to take a lot of selfies in Snapchat.
Okay.
You don't seem like you take many selfies.
So I miss DJ Khaled.
Is he black?
Khaled.
DJ Khaled.
No, no.
Where is he at?
Arab?
He's Arab, because he actually used to go by Arab Attack, and then 9-11 happened, and
he changed to...
That wasn't a bad move.
Probably a good idea from a PR friend.
Okay. Well, I was still as a person of color, so I wasn't completely wrong.
What's the other one for you?
What you got for him?
Oh, well, if you didn't get that one, there's no way you're going to get these other ones.
I mean, I was going to say...
I just want to see if I get it.
Do you know who Young Ma is?
Young Ma?
Yeah, Young Ma.
Young Ma.
Yeah, I know who Young Ma is.
Yeah, you got to know who Young Ma is.
Young Ma, like M.A.? Rapper, you know. Young Ma? Yeah, Young Ma. Young Ma. Yeah, I know who Young Ma is. Yeah, you got to know who Young Ma is. Young Ma, like M-A?
Rapper, you know.
Young Ma.
I mean, yeah.
Well, like I said, if it's young, little, or baby, it's a rapper, basically.
By the way, I saw a hilarious story that a couple, I want to say gangbangers, don't really
know where they're from, but some kids sitting on their front porch, they did a mannequin
challenge while they were all pointing guns at the street.
Oh, yeah. Halloween. And they all got arrested. Yeah. Yeah. I pointing guns at the street. Oh yeah, Halloween event today.
And they all got arrested.
I thought you were going to say one of them fired one off.
They all got arrested because they posted the video
on Instagram and the police figured
it out, went down and got them all in gun charges.
Yeah. My God, that's so
ridiculous. That was one of the stupidest
things we'll see on the news today.
I did actually, while we were talking, I found the
Evel Knievel, the blog.
In 37 years of ABC's
Wide World of Sports, 37 years,
Knievel was featured in
seven of the top ten rated
episodes, including the highest rated
episode ever when he jumped 14
Greyhound buses at the Kings Island Amusement
Park in Ohio. Did he land it?
He did. I'm pretty sure he stuck to Kings
Island. Yeah. So picture that during the 70s. Imagine the people at the jump in Ohio. Did he land it? He did. I'm pretty sure he stuck the Kings Island. Yeah. So picture that.
During the 70s.
Imagine the people
at the jump in Ohio.
Muhammad Ali was on
fucking Wide World of Sports
seemingly every other week.
I mean, his fight,
Muhammad Ali's fights
were on ABC Sports
and Evel Knievel had
seven of the top ten
rated episodes
in 37 fucking years.
With number one being
one of the number one.
That's huge.
Thank God we got him, Grinnells.
Yeah, he just did.
So, all right, fellas.
Great episode today. Yeah, call me. Thank you. You him, Grinnells. Yeah, you just did. So, all right, fellas. Great episode today.
Yeah, call me.
Thank you.
You tend to say that.
Fuck Babcock.
Yeah, hashtag fuck Babcock.
Hashtag fuck Pierre the pigeon.
That was a great story.
We got absolutely electric stories out of Call Me Today.
We can have him on again.
He's got more, believe me.
Yeah.
No, no.
Like I said, he's got great insight on the game, too.
Yeah, we got to get his opinions on the current state of the game.
He'll have some opinions on how the game's currently being played. Yeah, we got your guys' opinions on the current state of the game. He'll have some opinions on
how the game's currently being played.
Yeah, we're looking forward to having him.
Any other plugs, things that
otherwise you guys... No, I wanted to say
Eichel, I called it. Yeah, you did.
Eichel, and the kid's
a beast, and he just wants to get back out there, but
that injury, he retweeted. He played
again, you know, right after, but
it's going to keep happening. It just sucks.
Yeah, that's what Biles said.
I retweeted Biles' score.
We expected this.
He's going to be a nagging thing.
If I could do parody songs, remember the Rain Man song,
Ico, Ico, Ico, which is actually an old Louisiana song.
Do you think I remember this song?
Fucking Rain Man, dude.
You think I was talking about the Louisiana song?
Rain Man the movie?
Yeah.
Yeah, I know the movie.
I don't remember what song.
Have they come up with a bad parody of Ico, Ico? You know what I mean? Ico, I I know the movie. I don't remember what song. Have they come up with a bad parody of Ico Ico and all that?
Ico Ico.
I don't know.
I don't think so.
If you decide to finish this, you should do it.
You should do it.
Real quick.
Can I make a quick plug?
Everyone check out WarriorHockey.com.
I'm officially a Warrior Hockey athlete now.
Holy shit!
I'm a Warrior Hockey athlete.
They give you sticks?
Oh, yeah.
Free Twiggies. Free Twiggies. Junior Twig. Junior Flex. I'm an intermediate Hockey athlete. They give you sticks? Oh, yeah. Free Twiggies.
Free Twiggies.
Junior Twig.
Junior Flex.
I'm an intermediate.
At least give me that.
I got the intermediate flex.
Who owns Mylac?
I need a new Mylac.
Hey, Warrior Hockey, there you go.
They're sponsoring one of us.
WarriorHockey.com.
All right.
All right, so that's it for this week.
Great job, gentlemen.
Everybody, this is coming Friday.
Enjoy your weekend.
Have fun, and we'll see you out there.
Peace out.
