Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
When it comes to your health, brushing your teeth is one of the most important parts of your day.
Quip knows that. They've combined dentistry and design to make a better electric toothbrush.
Quip is the new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibrations into a slimmer design at a fraction of the cost of bulky traditional electric brushes and guiding pulses alert you
when to switch sides making brushing the right amount effortless i really need help with that
it's actually perfect quip also comes with a mount that suctions right to your mirror and
unsticks to use as a cover for hygiene travel anywhere whether it's going in your gym bag
or carry-on and because that the thing that cleans your mouth should also be clean quip subscription
plan refreshes your brush on a dentist recommended schedule that's right a dentist recommended
schedule my dentist growing up was jim longboard he won the cy young not a big deal delivering new
toothbrush heads every three months for just five dollars quip is the best
including free shipping worldwide quip is backed by a network of over 10 000 dental professionals
including dentists hygienists and dental students most toothbrushes don't get named one of time
magazine's best inventions of the year time magazine but quip did find out for yourself why
quip starts at just 25 and then and if you go to getquip.com
slash chicklets right now,
you'll get your first refill pack free
with a Quip electric toothbrush.
That's your first refill pack free at
getquip.com slash chicklets.
Spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P
dot com slash chicklets.
Peace.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 80.
You got any players with 80? Episode 80 of
Spittin' Chiclets brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, boys?
Brian Whitney.
What up?
What up?
And Biz Nasty, Paul Bissonnette, out in the desert.
What's up, buddy?
Oh, not a big deal.
A little Elvis inflection there.
So let's jump right into it, man.
Honestly, this is the series everybody was talking about ahead of time Winnipeg
National it's fucking delivered
so far Biz huh oh it's been
insane back and forth
I was happy that Winnipeg won the first game
because I had a feeling if
they would have gone down to oh they would
I don't know I just don't know if they recover from
that now they got some confidence tied 1-1
with the big boys going back home
to an insane atmosphere.
Well, I mean,
the first game, Nashville
dominated. Now granted,
they outshot them by an enormous amount,
but a lot of the shots were kind of from the outside,
I will say, but still, to out-shoot a team
that much, you've got to think you'd
win. P.K. Subban, after the game, said
he's never felt better about
himself after being minus three, and he thought it was the best game Nashville had played in the
playoff. So they weren't lacking confidence. But Nashville coming into game two, dude,
that game the other night, by the way, I was driving home, didn't get to see one minute of it,
and lost the bet because I had Nashville to win, but only in regulation. So of course they won,
but I lost. So either way, that was a must win. Must win only in regulation. So, of course, they won, but I lost.
So, either way, that was a must win.
Must win gets overused.
It's a cliche.
But if they went back to Winnipeg 0-2, done.
It was over.
So, the series has been incredible so far.
Probably the most entertaining, I would say.
The game in Nashville looks crazy.
Like you said, in Winnipeg.
By the way, there's smokes in Winnipeg.
That place will be a great time. Most underrated NHL
city as far as girls. Crazy.
People have no idea.
A lot of Western Canada.
A lot of the old Jets married
smoke shows.
It is
low-key smoke central up there.
But, I mean, that series,
Big Buff,
when we talk about Big Buff,
I mean, he's fucking rag-dolling NHL players.
Two of them at a time.
Grab my little brothers.
When I was like, you know, when you're like nine and they're like six and four
and you can literally just toss them around like beanbags,
that was buffling in an NHL playoff game.
Ari, how did you feel about it?
Dude, like we said, I mean, everyone's talking about this game.
The pace of play is insane.
The goaltending, well, you know, Peck had a couple of bad goals,
but he really settled down well in both games.
I mean, late in the games when every save was huge,
those guys were just playing unbelievable.
I mean, Connor Hellebuck got a piece of the game winner even,
and just the talent on the ice.
Just both teams are so skilled.
Like, it's funny that with Nashville and Winnipeg,
and it's the marquee series, I mean,
it's great that they got a 2-0-T game out of it
because people put the game on, you know,
maybe stay and watch it.
Granted, it was on NBCSN Sunday night.
We'll get to the other series later,
but it was nice that we got two nights in a row,
two double overtime games.
So I think, like I said, I had Winnipeg in seven still.
I mean, I'm not going to shift anything on that, but it definitely was a win for now i must win for nashville you
know no team can lose two well columbus just did but you know a team like nashville i don't think
they want to lose the first two uh going back to winnipeg but the big question is um did they bust
out carry under with too early man second round you're already going to the big guns i don't know
man well first of all i think we we all knew that there was no way
Nashville was using that game.
Can we all agree there?
I knew they weren't winning in regulation.
I'll tell you that.
But they bossed out Kerry Ardoin.
That's a great point, Ari.
I'm a little worried that they had to resort to that.
But once again, cliche line, it was a must win.
So they used the bat
phone they're like hey we need you that's why we brought fish back let's go time to rock and roll
lace them up and and it was a gimme last year they i i didn't know this they said they were
waiting for her to sing in the in the cup finals and she never did and everyone's like what the
hell but somebody else told me it was because she's so nervous.
Like for the games.
Like,
I don't think she's nervous to perform at all,
but she's so jacked up.
This was from a source at NHL network.
Who told me she's like too nervous for the games to sing before the cup
final games.
I don't think that's bullshit.
She,
that makes a lot of sense.
And she's pretty vocal even on social media, about certain calls and stuff.
I love it.
It's great for the game.
Add a famous person in the mix.
Can't hurt it.
Some wrestler, he challenged her.
10,000 bet.
He's from Winnipeg.
Grinnelli, look up who the wrestler was.
Did she accept?
No, she never even responded to him.
Yeah, she's not down with that kind of stuff.
She's pretty classy.
She makes like 40 sheets a year, I'd say, right?
Maybe more?
I would say more.
Oh, my God, dude.
If she's that nervous, I think what she should do is just go up on the box with the Tennessee Titans and do a couple catfish loose shots, calm the nerves a little, and boom, she's all set.
Those guys are unbelievable.
Fucking hilarious. Hey, one thing that would be funny is if they got one of the linemen to, like,
squeeze his tits together and she didn't want to have his tits.
Because we all know they have tits.
Boys, it was Chris Jericho.
Chris Jericho challenged Carrie Underwood.
Yeah.
So she never responded to him.
Those guys, hey, I love  they're just  are they willing to just like sit in their soaking wet shirts the rest of the game?
They're just pouring beers over each other's head,
chugging beers out of the catfish's asshole.
It looks like a complete scene down there.
Grinnell, you and R.A. were there last year.
I mean, you must be having like  you must be like the guy in 7-Minute Abs
and something about Mary when you see it.
It was heaven. It was heaven.
It was heaven.
Boys, you can't forget that they're sometimes playing in cold-weather games, outdoor football,
and they're sweating, and then it's freezing.
It's like minus outside sometimes.
So that's probably nothing to them.
There was one thing that R.A. brought up, and it was Peke Arena.
It was a goaltending and how he had a tough start the other night
under a very pressure situation,
especially because they were down 1-0 in the series already,
and he settled in nice, and they ended up winning in double OT.
Now, let's not forget, there's a lot of pressure on him too
because he's been a very good regular season goalie for a long time.
They had a great run last year, and I'm not being too critical of him.
He had a tough series against Pitt last year.ashville outplayed them especially early on so it's kind
of a two carass situation but even more i'd say yeah um i'd agree with that i mean even in the
win he gave up what four last uh two night you know two nights ago we're now recording this on
monday night i the thing is about him is like he just it
make he look it looks so easy to him when he's on his game at the top of his game so then when he
does let in goals you're like what the hell like he usually it seems like soft goals it looks they
look so weird going in on him because he's so big and he's always in perfect position but he hasn't
you're right it's you start thinking about you're making all this cake you're considered one of the
top boys league and not only that but he's going against hellebuck right now who we
should mention set the record for wins in the regular season by an american-born goalie this
year and this guy's in the zone dude we're seeing him before the games with the fucking eyes you've
seen this guy's eyes yeah he's staring at the it's like kanye west it's like kanye west when
he's on the red carpet when the girl turns around,
and normally you, like, look away because you, like, lock the eyes,
but he, like, just keeps staring at you kind of like, yeah, what the fuck's up?
Yeah, he was basically like, cameraman, get the hell out of my face.
Yeah, he looked like Travis Bickle, like, you talking to me?
You talking to me?
But he was, like, staring through the thing.
But he's been outstanding, man.
He's the fucking real deal.
Somebody used the taxi driver reference, just, like, got those crazy eyes looking into the camera. That's who he's talking about, man. He's the fucking real deal. Somebody used the taxi driver reference.
Just got those crazy eyes looking into the camera.
That's who he's talking about, I think, right?
Oh, was it?
Oh, Travis Pickle is the taxi driver.
Dude, I just got that.
Nice, Whitney.
Whitney's up 1-0.
No, you know what?
I didn't know that was his name.
I just guessed that's who it was.
Swear to God.
Okay, well, I had no idea.
I just said that.
But that's so weird that that just happened but people
tell me i look like uh an old school robert de niro i could see that because you have a fucking
snout and a half on your middle of your face put a taxi driver pic or or a raging bull next to me
and and put it up on the spit and check that's uh instagram dude uh you know you know what you need
biz and i was tra Pickle for Halloween a few
years ago I was I was taxi drive I had the perfect get up I had like this is actually I still had
hair so I had a legit mohawk I shaved a legit mohawk into my head and it was like the last
thing you put on and it makes the whole fucking costume and all you would have to do you take
brown mascara and you put the fucking mole right in your right cheek and then you put them all on
it's unbelievable it's like you it was like if you were like an actor it was like you get into
the role once you put that fucking mole on then you're the narrow man i'm telling you
jesus christ simmer down over there buddy a little excited about this costume he's like
downstairs he's like oh that mole hey um i'm also in that series quick sorry biz oh no problem we didn't talk about him before mark shifley
we're talking like uh future superstar just throwing that out there might be a hot take
seven goals in his last four postseason games he's a beast one of many winnipeg has he's a beast and
he got injured part way through the season there like maybe a little bit towards the shoulder
shoulder and and i think he came back at the perfect time and and i find that's such an he got injured partway through the season there, like maybe a little bit towards the shoulder. And,
and I think he came back at the perfect time.
And,
and I find that such an advantage to some guys where they get that window of
rest and the mental rest,
you know,
they,
they get the rehab,
they come back in now.
I mean,
he's probably feels refreshed at this point.
Like he hasn't been grinding it out the whole season.
One thing that we haven't talked about in this series is the quality of coaching, too.
And it's been a chess match.
As far as line matchups, it's been crazy.
I credit those two coaches.
And last game, Laviolette made a great change in OT, and they ended up winning that game.
Yeah, both really good coaches.
Paul Maurice is one of the top press conference coaches right now, I think.
He's pretty funny.
He's got that really slow, deep voice.
And then he's so sarcastic, I feel like.
He talks really slow and just makes me laugh all the time.
Because he's just like, basically, why are you asking me a question you know I'm not going to answer?
Here's a question for you.
Would you compare him to being the greg popovich of nhl coaches maybe not as political
that guy's kind of that guy's kind of like a prick to the reporters isn't he though
but like a fake prick he's actually like nice to them but like sometimes he like jabs them for
their shitty questions and like shitty suits and stuff like that he's like oh that one guy passed
away i feel bad but yeah he used to like chirp that guy's suits but they were like obviously buddies craig sager um
i guess yeah i to wrap this thing up uh one one after two games uh what do you guys think about
the them going back well um i think first off i think it's going seven games i think we all
might have said that.
So I think they probably split there.
I think they'll probably come back 4-4.
And Ryan Johansson, talk about stepping your game up.
That guy's goal, both goals in game two were filthy.
I remember watching him in the World Juniors here.
He reminded me of a young Ryan Getzlaff, big rangy center. And sometimes I don't think he's lived up to expectations,
or at least that's what you hear fans say.
But you could tell he's raising his level.
And he raised his level last playoff, and then he got hurt.
But this playoff, it's the same thing.
He's dominating out there.
So it's a match of two great teams that I think we get seven games.
And I know you're a stack guy, and I'll let you go here.
His first multi-goal game of his career in playoffs.
Who, Joey?
Johansson?
Johansson, yeah.
Yeah, I think, and me and Mike talked about this
when we were down in Nashville last year.
I mean, seeing how good he's been for them this playoffs,
I know if they had him in the cup last year,
you got to think it's a totally different series.
You know, it's like, you know, obviously can't play at all,
but that's how big he's been for them.
All I keep going back to is last year, if he was healthy, it would have easily been a seven-game series. You know, it's like, you know, obviously can't play it over, but he's been, that's how big he's been for them. That all I keep going back to is last year,
if he was healthy,
it would,
you know,
wouldn't have easily been a seven game series.
But as far as going back to Winnipeg,
man,
like we were just talking about Peck of Rennie,
he turned into a puddle in Pittsburgh and the cup last year.
So,
you know,
I'm,
if I'm a,
if I'm a Nashville fan,
I'm thinking,
all right,
is he going to melt in this environment?
Cause the Winnipeg environment definitely crazier than Pittsburgh's arena no no and no disrespect to
Pittsburgh but I mean you know we fucking you have to say that's a battle with Pittsburgh
it's fucking it's it's great not a hashtag not all Pence fans I know some of yous are good out
there boys but seriously that fucking arena is insane and you know given what we saw out of
last year in a tough environment,
this place is even crazier.
So I wouldn't be surprised if Winnipeg takes them both up there.
I really wouldn't.
Hey, cliche.
It's a different beast up there.
Playoff hockey.
Right, Whit?
Different animal.
Hey, you know, playoff hockey in the springtime in Western Canada,
it's big boy, rough and tumble.
Go get them.
Have a couple beers.
That's what you got to be ready for.
Throws lefts and rights, likes his bears, Western Hockey League guy.
All right, boys, well, that wraps that up.
We got to move on to Washington.
And I guess the story going into the game, no Hagelin, no Malkin.
That's big boy stuff right there.
That was the issue was how many games would Malkin miss?
Before the series, everyone knew it would be one.
Then it's game two.
I'm wondering if it changed because Pittsburgh stole game one, which was enormous.
You know, they go out, they get that first game.
You're like, oh, wow, without Malkin, that's huge.
So the fact that they, you know, didn't win game two, I think that was to be expected.
That was another on my wonderful, wonderful run of gambling is that I went to bet Washington in game two, but the puck had already dropped.
So I missed that.
That was right after losing the Cavs game on the end of a bad beat.
So either way, sorry, I digress.
I digress.
Washington looks great. They could have won
both games. I mean, the first game of the
series, Pittsburgh,
Washington had their classic two-goal
lead that they blow. They've had five two-goal
leads in the playoffs.
I don't know how many they've blown, but
a lot of them. I mean, they've led every game of the
Columbus series, I think, to nothing.
So the fact that it happened again, Capital fans
are like, are you shitting me right now? What's going on?
But all three goals, like, two of them
were great tips, and one got through Ovechkin and
Crosby buried it. So Washington had to be
like, not panicked with how they played.
And then game two, they just took it to them.
You know, Ovechkin
scored on a goal that I think Murray would
like to have back. It kind of looked like he whiffed
on it. But exactly what we thought, 1-1.
Pittsburgh without Malkin is going to have a tough time to win.
If he's not back, Dumoulin did skate today, by the way,
and Hagelin did skate, so they could be back for game three.
But with no Malkin, it might be too much.
Well, Ari, before you take it over,
clearly a must-win in game two for Washington
uh it's amazing you know I said it's it's I think it's wash's year that they get past pit
and in game two I felt like a lot of the bounces are going their way where normally they don't
right they could have easily been down uh to nothing in this series and why I say that is
because that controversial goal. People
are telling me online, A, it ended
4-1. It was insignificant.
And I'm like,
I can't say that word,
but you're not very intelligent.
At that
point, there was, I think, just under 10 minutes
left in the third period. You have a
fragile team who just gave up a 2-0
goal lead last game.
All of a sudden, that 3-1 games turns a 3-2 and and and their assholes tighten right up and we know that and and i think you'd agree uh all right yeah by the way because you can say whatever we
can you know if it's that bad we'll just we'll just bleep it out if it's that bad you know we
don't like to sound we don't like to censor on the show so well i know but i have a big boy job with the coyotes and i don't want to get bent over and lose my 150k in
a year not a big deal so going back to pick washington you know basically but for five
minutes in this series it would be two nothing washington uh hope he's been hopey like like i
expected like i said beforehand he's you know in that zone. No Malcolm. I mean, we beat that drum to death, but he's so good.
Malcolm, no Hag on that.
Those are two huge losses for Pittsburgh.
As good as it is, it's tough to overcome that.
This is, you know, 2-1.
I'm sorry, 1-1.
I don't know, man.
Like I said, Washington, I think, in 6 or 7, but I got Washington winning.
I don't see Pittsburgh beating them.
I just don't, man. I just, like you said, not just because it's't see Pittsburgh beating them. I just don't, man.
Like you said, not just because it's their year,
but Holpe is just locked in, man.
The first year, 2012, we saw Holpe.
He was unbelievable.
No one knew who he was then,
and then he became a bona fide accomplished goalie.
I think he's just in that spot right now.
He's going to be tough to beat for the rest of the playoffs.
And what I said said it could easily be
2-0 for Pitt if that goal
counts, but it could easily just
be 2-0 for Washington.
They played some very good hockey.
Now, let's get into the two
controversial things.
I'd like to get your opinion on the Wilson
hit on Dumoulin. Clearly
a significant moment in this series, but they
end up dodging a bullet.
Listen, dude, I don dodging a bullet. Listen,
dude, I don't know anything anymore. I don't get
it. I don't know
if I'll hear about saying this, but
why wasn't that?
He has no hearing. I don't get it.
He hit him right in the head. So
all the people were saying, yeah, that
he turned back into Wilson
after he saw Ovechkin
come and he was trying to dodge Ovechkin.
But I thought it was up to like the hitter, someone of where, you know, where their shoulder
hit somebody.
And it didn't hit Dumoulin's arm, shoulder, anything.
It just hit him right in the face.
And he went down, he left the game.
So I don't really understand why it's not like a hearing with the Department of Player
Safety.
I haven't read the thing of why, you know, they're saying it's not like a a hearing with the department of player safety i i i haven't read the thing of why it you know they're saying it's not i don't even know if that came out yet but for me
it's like you see your shoulder to the head and then you saw the dowdy one it's just like it goes
with the officiating which we'll kind of talk about later i don't i don't get why that was not considered to be an illegal hit to the head.
Well, I'll start by saying I'm surprised there was no hearing.
There were a lot of moving parts involved with the hit,
and I guess it sucks for Dumont.
I'm okay with Wilson not getting suspended.
Or they upset at the hearing then, like, what's up?
Yeah, they would just start asking how his old lady is and how you're a good looking cat dude nice hearing holy
shit you must have a huge wrench too um the guy's got it all uh fuck what you did you helped me lose
my train of thought but uh where i was going to go for that is is i had to stick up for ronaldo
this year when that guy came after him and he and he cold cocked him uh wilson's not getting any benefit of the doubt because he's been in too many
50 50 scenarios and and probably more so worse than 50 50 where he was guilty so automatically
people are going to paint him guilty that's happening i don't have enough skin in the game
to make a decision,
and I haven't dissected that hit enough.
R.A., how do you feel about it?
Excuse me.
First off, the DOPS tweeted something earlier.
It was like a criteria of what is considered principal contact at the head.
I got about a third of the way through it,
and I felt like I got hit in the fucking head.
It was just like  it was so confusing, you know just looking at the hit yeah I was
like hey did reading that lead into concussion protocol for you yeah yeah yeah now now now the
DOPS is going to get checked on by the DOPS for concussing me for reading their fucking
gobbledygook but Tom Wilson dude, dude, he's got a reputation.
I can't, he doesn't like, you know, like a Marchand or a Raffy Torres type.
Those guys don't get the benefit of the doubt.
I thought he would have definitely gotten a call, maybe not suspended,
but maybe a fine or something.
It's just, you know, we look at what happened to Cogliano earlier this season.
David Backus, a hit.
Those look sort of similar to what happened to Wilson. Those guys got a game or two games
and Wilson doesn't even get a call.
Again, we'll get to it later
when we get to the final series of the night.
The officiating, it just kind of
goes hand in hand with that. It's like
kind of like, what the fuck's going on, man?
The refs miss it, that's one thing, but
DOPS can look at it. And I don't
know when the last time Wilson got a suspension was.
I don't know if it was within the time frame where it can carry over.
It was this year.
It was this year.
So there you go.
So he's a repeat offender then.
I don't get it.
I don't get why he didn't get fucking further discipline for it.
Again, especially given who he is.
But, again, they call it the wheel of justice.
And that's why.
Because you just don't know what you're going to get from it.
I would read the tweet explanation. But i'd probably have a seizure too like it's
actually crazy trying to read the like wording of how why things aren't and aren't suspendable
since you kind of brought it up about the officiating i'm going to start off by saying
i'm not defending the refs but i'm saying this is is i'm sure a lot of these guys have burner accounts
and hear all the noise that's going on every single little call they make now because of twitter is
ridiculed to death whereas i feel like all of them are second guests themselves because there's so
much backlash on the league constantly wait just hear me out that it's coming back to these guys and then obviously with the the
the no goal interference or goal interference put a bit of a mind torpedo into these guys
coming into this uh playoff once again i'm not defending these guys but i feel like a lot of
second guessing is going on in their heads and that's why they're why shit's going so south it's
like a snowball effect like fuck man everybody complains about everything people are complaining about that
miller hit tonight where he hit the guy off the boards the guy kind of slid into the boards
i don't want to go to that boston series yet but that's all i'm saying about that
what's up pete blackburn we can yeah talk about we can talk about the refs after dude okay we should and the last
last thing I wanted to say was I find like Washington Capitals fans bitch a lot about
oh Pittsburgh always gets the call the rest of the fucking series I don't want to hear a peep
you got away with the Wilson thing and then now we're going to talk about that controversial goal. 100 I think that's a goal.
Wow.
I disagree.
Of course the reasoning is because you can't 100 prove it.
Based off that screen grab, I would have guessed.
I would have said.
If I saw that and I was in a situation where I said that's a fucking goal.
And considering the puck had been brought out before that point of that picture.
That was the only thing.
That was the only thing I kept saying that the first time you could see it
through Hornquist's legs on the view from behind Hornquist,
which is the only view you could see anything of it.
You could see it kind of coming more towards the goal line.
It had been like deeper kind of around the post.
The problem was you couldn't see it then.
So it's like they,
and the other thing is, I mean, like we don't need science to figure that out some point there has to be some
human element to be like what the fuck is common sense here but science is the thing that people
ended up saying for all the people who thought it was a goal because if you're looking at it in that
view and it looks to be behind the line i'm telling you dude i saw i understand and
somebody broke it down but they also had the fucking over the they also had the ice in that
clip this fucking thick by this time of year in uh in wash it's probably maybe half an inch
and also the angle that you're seeing it on, man, I'm telling you, I would bet that that was fucking, and if it wasn't,
it might have been a fucking millimeter at that point.
But it was, if that's called a goal on the ice, it stays a goal.
Right, that was another controversial thing.
People said he didn't make a signal.
I did see him go.
I did see him say no at one point.
I thought he was doing like whistle.
I thought they can go in and be like, hey, I don't know. Either way,
we'll review it. But apparently,
yeah, I thought the same thing. And then after
they're like, oh, because it was no goal on the ice. I was like,
I didn't even see the no goal on the ice. I was
just going nuts because I was like, oh my god,
they're going to blow this game. That's what I immediately
thought because Hornquist looked so sure of it, too.
He was like, oh, I was like,
oh, if the goal score is that sure, I mean, it's 3-2. Well, also, don't forget, Hornquist looked so sure of it too. He was like, oh, I was like, oh, if the goal score is that sure,
I mean, it's 3-2.
Well, also, don't forget, Hornquist had the angle of where he could see
down through the mesh where no camera could have.
So he probably saw in the net.
And credit Holpe for the way he keeled over and then pulled that thing out.
Credit him.
He probably saved the goal and the potential meltdown.
R.A., what do you think
i think the answer is simple just get overhead mri mri cameras above the rink and then you could
just fucking see everything crystal clear joking obviously the picture wasn't conclusive uh no they
they should what else i could tell a good sell good sell there um the picture was not conclusive
at all the one view we had it wasn't
conclusive and i brought this up on twitter i don't know if any of you guys are horse track
or dog track degenerates um i was pretty much raised as a dog that's just you yeah so there's
a there's a little diagram in the dog track or horse track book that shows you like if you're
watching the race not right at the finish line at a different angle it's going to look like a
certain horse wins the race and or if you're on the other side not right at the finish line at a different angle, it's going to look like a certain horse wins the race.
And if,
or if you're on the other side of the finish line,
it's going to look like another horse wins the race.
The only way you could tell is looking dead on because that angle,
it's not a,
it's not a pure angle.
It's not a true angle.
And plus the picture was blurry as fuck.
So you couldn't conclusively.
Well,
they took the picture with a fucking potato.
Seriously.
I know,
huh?
She hates you.
Fuck.
It should be on a Boston blog.
Um, but like the
picture was blurry you couldn't conclusively say that that was either the white between the puck
and the uh goal line well the yeah the goal line or the uh or if it was snow i mean that picture
you can't overrule it based on that i had no problem with them not overruling it uh i don't
think it cost pittsburgh the game they would have got within a goal and yeah hell anything can happen
um it's just you know it's just like like, someone said, oh, you're complaining about Twitter again.
I complain on Twitter about something.
It's like, dude, I'm not complaining about one game.
I'm complaining about every game.
It's like, this is just the inconsistency that's consistent.
It just seems like everybody gets fucked, I guess is what I'm saying.
I guess my last comment on this is if you own the NHL or run the NHL,
is it worth implementing all this technology?
People are telling me chips and pucks.
I don't think that's going down.
They have that Hawkeye technology that's in tennis.
I don't know if they can implement that in hockey because there's too many
moving parts where tennis court is just like like was it in or is it out is for the amount of
times this situation happens i don't think it's really unless you can get better camera angles
and put them in the nets i really don't see a reason to spend a boatload of money on something
that might not even work because if you have that like some chip or something fuck who knows that that doesn't fuck up and then all of a sudden you know you're like oh
shit this is telling me it was in the net but we can blatantly see it fucking wasn't hey
imagine they put chips in the puck and then there's guys that just walk around in like the
dark nhl blazers and they're just like they have to go get the puck back from people when they go
in the crowd like they're the bad guys they're like hey give me that puck back kid like that's got one of our
chips in it man you just don't get pucks pucks go in the crowd they got these like dark soldiers
from the nhl going and getting them back i never even considered that that part of it that's yeah
there's no fucking way they're putting a chip in the puck. If people are talking about it like, oh, they put a chip in the puck.
Give me a signed Garrett Beckett card, but give us that puck back.
Mmm, chips.
But, Biz, to answer your question, I think, though, when there's so much invested, so much money, so much, like, you know, owners are paying these guys all kinds of money, there's going to be a situation, and it's going to happen in a big cup game like a game six or a game seven where they're not going to know.
And they're like, okay, we should have spent 2 million dollars a year whatever the fuck it is to have this so we
can guarantee to get it right it's like that's what the nfl is trying to do they're obviously
butchering it but i mean i think there's so much involved and so much invested in if you
with the technology with the hd tvs everybody's going to know if you fuck it up so just fucking
spend the money to make sure you get it right yeah i mean i mean we've already
seen it in that calgary uh tampa bay lightning game six right yep martin gelina martin gelina
right so and and and now saying that too it it also creates that conversation online so it's
just like more controversy more talk about your league more infuriated people
hey it all comes down to money you get the eyes you get the money right boys uh and i guess that
can segue us into uh san jose vegas which uh wits dialed into right now he's he's got the over on
this game wit how's how's she going i mean how's she going do Do you have to ask? I actually wonder what percentage of the listeners of our podcast are on Twitter.
I mean, I don't even think we could get the question answered.
But the only reason I ask is because if you are on Twitter and happen to follow me,
I mean, you've seen a streak.
All right, you're a gambler.
You know, all these people chirping me for this cold streak. It's as cold as humanly possible,
but this happens to everyone at some point. So if you're a gambler out there and I'm looking
into the camera and you're chirping me, it's like pimples. If you chirp pimples,
you get a fucking big zapper. So I'm cold, but you beware.
I have a question as a non gamblerambler uh one do you do this on some
sort of website um yeah it's like yeah okay well the reason i ask is can does it track your bets
all the way leading back to let's say a month i mean do we have any sort of record number of of
what your streak is over like let's say the last 30 bets have you
won five of them probably five and 25 maybe it's probably four four and 26 five and 25 six and 24
right around there wow all right have you ever been on on a tough stretch like that he has but
oh yeah i had a 030 13 in one week a couple months back i mean anybody who gambles on a tough stretch like that. A hundred percent he has, but. Oh yeah. I had a 013 in one week,
a couple of months back.
I mean,
anybody who gambles on a high level is going to have a shit week,
shit month,
shit year even.
But to piggyback on what Witt said,
you know,
there is gambling common.
Now I'm having fun with Witt's weird buddies and you know,
it's kind of fun,
fun around with the podcast,
but people who like go to him and chirp him,
that's common,
man.
Like if you gamble and you go talk shit about other people's bets, that fucking comes back
to you.
Best believe that.
And with another interesting thing is I'd be curious for any of those Twitter listeners
is how many of them at one point started saying, fuck this guy.
I'm doing everything the opposite.
And I've been on a heater fading me.
If you're fading me, I'm actually, Oh, is'm actually so happy. Oh, is that the fucking cool terminology?
3-2.
Evander Kane, 3-2.
I need one more goal, and I'm hot.
There's going to be an empty netter.
Don't say that.
12 minutes, I need another goal.
All right, listen.
So.
Fading, is that the term?
If you're fading me, I'm actually like, you're so smart.
Because I would be doing the same thing.
If you follow someone on Twitter, and you're into gambling, and you're like, dude, because i would be doing the same thing if you follow
someone twitter and you're into gambling you're like dude this person's ice and he's giving picks
you fade them that's just what you do and sometimes you see people get on heaters and
you ride them that's smart the people who are chirping me like i'm it it will come it will
come and i wish and i hope i wish i could follow all of them but either way some of these beats
dude i had i had told you i mean um i didn't get the Washington bet in, so that's basically a beat.
The Nashville I had in regulation, right, they win in overtime.
The Cavaliers gave up a three at the end of the game.
I had them four and a half.
They won by four.
Oh, wow.
So you're going into different sports.
No, I've reached into basketball because I'm so ice.
I had a switch, dude.
So essentially you're saying shorting the stock is,
is bad against you.
And then,
uh,
I guess my,
I guess my favor to any of our listeners that have been doing that,
if they could send pictures of proof that they've been betting the opposite
of wit,
I'd like to see how much money someone has won off you being a fucking
moron.
Now getting into that, we should probably talk about the series a little bit.
Thank God San Jose beat them to make this a series.
And you're telling me now it's 3-2 in game two.
So this may turn into another late series win or already.
Yeah, game three right now.
But, yeah, 3-2 late in this game.
The first game, guys, who would have saw it?
I mean, 7-0 Vegas.
Actually, maybe everyone did see it.
That's how cold I am.
I mean, that was utter shit kicking.
San Jose, in a way, you'd rather lose a game like that than you'd rather lose the Washington loss game one where you blow the game late.
Because you can just kind of get over it quick.
But Vegas is for real. I tweeted
it out. Turns out they're for real.
San Jose responded in
game two. They didn't have Evander Kane.
That was a suspension we can kind of get into.
They played a great game.
We're going to have to get into
some more controversy there with a no goal
in overtime by Marshall Schoen in game two.
By the way, game two, I had Vegas.
First time I bet them this year, and it was the first playoff game they lost, so that explains a lot also. goal in overtime by Marshall Schoen game two by the way game two I had Vegas they won I first time
I bet him this year and it was first playoff game they lost so that explains a lot also and I just
think the fact that they're this fast um glory's this good it's just a big time series have you
caught the games all right yeah yeah I and what I thought was great for the league um I mentioned
Joey NBC's Saturday night you know that's you know 11 o'clock a lot
of people and you know a lot of older people are the tune in to watch the local news or saturday
night live or whatever and uh you know the hockey game's on they sat there and probably watched it
till 12 30 at night you know i'm saying like people i think it was great that people turned
the tv on hoping to see the local news and end up watching you know vegas and san jose for all hours
of the night yeah i i completely
agree for people who don't know biz is just being ridiculous in the camera and i don't know if you
caught on to that we're just seeing this black cock down um i don't know what's going on i had
to take a piss and i didn't want to abandon you guys so i just took one in a coconut water
bottle a one liter been really hydrated that's just like oh that's when you're just driving
oh my god you just have to end up hosing into a water bottle you're pissing all over yourself
smartest smartest men on earth carry a well at least for me a thick nozzle gatorade bottle
not a big deal uh in the car especially if you're commuting a lot so keep a liter uh gatorade
with the big nozzle.
So you can just put your,
your weans in it and then just dump it out the window.
Keep it,
keep it somewhere.
Anyway,
wait till another fucking 10 years.
You don't even want to hear about it.
Uh,
I have trouble getting it in the thick.
No,
I'm not talking about putting it in.
I'm just saying the fucking frequency.
It sucks.
Basically he's hosing every like eight minutes now when he has a water
but i feel like you're not much of a water guy all right i'm a gay guy i don't like a pep you're
like a pepsi oh you're like a french canadian cigarette and a diet coke
no come on yeah you've seen my house this ain't a trashy house a lot of trashy house this ain't one of them oh all right he's got a great jeez i didn't want i was just joking around
i know buddy i was just i was just doing a base in your parents geez um hey back to the series
back to the series sorry back to the lecture at the end uh okay so game one was a ball whatever
that's when kane got suspended did you guys think that was suspendable?
Crosscheck to the face.
I would say yes under today's rules.
And you know what?
Give him a game.
Give him two.
I don't care.
And I know he did make contact, but I feel like a lot of guys now,
I'm not saying this kid did it, there's like a there's like a an unwritten
rule now of guys like being the victim where if they get touched in an area where they know they
can get benefit from them either on the power play or getting a guy suspended for the other team
especially in playoffs they're doing it their legs are giving out just a little bit easier
they're throwing their head back a little bit on action the little not so
much faking it but just like man i've gotten smoked in the face with punches like like i ain't i ain't
lying on the ground kicking my feet like oh my god i just go you know cross-checked like come on
well it also it hit his arm he went in and he cross-checked him and hit his arm and then the
next one got him in the face.
I think he  I'm assuming  I don't think he meant to cross-check him in the face.
I think he probably wanted to get him to the shoulder again and it raised up.
But the way it looked, it's like you kind of had to after the Morrissey incident.
Yes, and it did look like after he made the second one, he was like, oh, shit.
And he kind of went down to be like, man, I didn't mean to get you in the face.
I don't know
shouldn't have been standing there but they have to set a precedent because they don't want
guys doing that and getting away with it getting a game or two is fine i thought it was the right
penalty yeah i had no issue with it i mean based on precedent i mean when you i mean when you cream
a guy in the head that hard i mean because we saw rick nash do it it's game seven in toronto it was
a retaliate it was a dumb retaliatory, which ironically led to the game winning goal.
But and it was like, dude, if you're going to hit someone on a retaliatory, get your fucking money's worth.
Like he almost it was like a tiny little love tap.
Earn your block.
Earn your block.
Exactly.
Earn your fucking two minutes.
I mean, because if you're going to get a fucking stupid penalty, at least fucking cream the guy.
But I think because, you know, Evander Kane cracked that guy so hard it was like kind of a no-brainer to suspend them uh but what san jose
has done in this series that la you know wasn't able to do they've made uh mark andre flurry look
human i mean he's been playing great but they show he can be beat i mean he looked unbeatable
versus la that may have been more indicative of la's caliber of play or their offense or whatever
but san jose shows for you know they he can be beat for sure and you know we're not going to see
him having a you know a zero uh microscopic GAA like he did in the first round uh the other thing
too is I know you're waiting for some stats here's one for you this is the first time since 1991
where every second round uh series was tied at 1-1. Imagine that. It's been 27 years since all second round series were tied at 1-1.
That's kind of crazy.
Well, I was happy because the first round kind of lacked a little bit of luster.
There was only one that was 1-1 in the first round.
Oh, really?
Only Pittsburgh-Washington.
Wow, that's interesting.
No, no, Pittsburgh-Washington play. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Pittsburgh-Philly. My bad. only pittsburgh washington wow that's that's interesting i didn't or no no uh pittsburgh
washington play i'm sorry i'm sorry pittsburgh uh philly my bad it's late it's late uh okay
but into game two into game two all right great game by the way awesome saturday night game i was
in the hotel uh into that one so it goes to overtime,
and Martial comes from behind
the net and gives
Jones' kind of hit his stick
with his arm. Jones' stick
was outside the crease. Martial was outside
the crease, but his feet were in the crease.
He kind of drops the stick, drops down.
The puck ends up going back to Martial, who scores.
No goal.
Of course it was no goal right
because i had vegas but at the same time i guess by the by the letter of the law it is no goal it
was goaltender interference just sometimes now it's like he was just skating back to the front
of the net like is there any onus on the goalie to kind of not get hit and know where guys are
around them or did you agree with that call i've seen uh it called both ways this year basically very
similar similar situations where it happened to us and it wasn't called he blatantly touched him
before when the net moved his stick and ended up going in this way uh sorry blocker side and then
and then another situation so it's why are you laughing at me you fucker go this way oh sorry
blocker side like this way Nobody's looking at you.
Well, yeah, I know.
That's why I fucking corrected myself.
No, that's why I laughed.
Back to fucking me doing my thing and you not interrupting me.
But, yeah, that one's a tough one.
And let's be real.
This is probably the first bit of adversity that Vegas has probably seen in a long time.
And I was interested to see how they were going to respond.
Obviously, the overtime kept going.
But it seems as though so far tonight they've responded well.
And another excellent coaching matchup.
I think that Pete DeBoer kind of flies under the radar being in San Jose.
He's done a very good job there.
He's an excellent coach.
Of course, Gallant is an excellent coach. And I done a very good job there. He's an excellent coach. Of course, Gallant
is an excellent coach. And I can
even tell you guys this. I
got the ability to vote on
coach of the year as a radio guy
this year. That just shows
the award means jack shit now if
you're voting on it.
Well, okay. So I'll tell you
guys my three picks. Each guy gets three
and you pick first, second, third.
I picked Gallant to win it, of course.
I think that's a no-brainer.
I picked the head coach in Colorado.
I forget.
I'm drawing a line.
Jared Bednar.
Yeah, Bednar.
Awesome guy, first of all.
He's on Twitter, too.
He's a little active.
Good guy.
Is he?
Yeah, I gave him a follow.
Great guy.
He coached the Lake Erie Monsters to a Calder Cup.
They ended up beating us out in the conference finals 4-0.
Fuck him.
And this one might be a weird one, and I'm going to get shunned for it.
And if I could go back and change my pick, I would have picked Bruce Cassidy.
Wow, it's not him.
Who is it?
I picked
Harry M in the quebec senior league i picked up burt uh bergman
the gm of montreal no no but i picked uh philadelphia's coach and the and people might
be like what i think people forget philadelphia went on a 10 fucking game losing streak at the
beginning of the season and that's by his fault right but he fucking got
them to recover from that and make fucking playoffs man come on and and yeah they don't
have a ton of weapons they're pretty top heavy they did a good job of managing those first two
lines and they don't have a crazy good back end they got that prokhorov and gas to spare but
other than that speaking of speaking of coaches it's kind of funny this Vegas San Jose series
is two coaches that the Panthers fired in DeBoer and Gallant.
They're both looking amazing right now.
Oh, God.
That Florida firing when they sent Gallant packing,
he had to get his own taxi.
Like, that's fucking  that was made for Twitter.
That was just perfect.
The guy was probably like, holy shit.
I think we talked about this.
They ordered him a car and he opted to get the fuck out of it.
He didn't want nothing to do with it.
I don't want your pity party, you fuckheads.
I'm going to go to the Vegas Golden Knights and bend you over.
Just to circle back to the disallowed goal.
I think those are very simple for me.
You just ask yourself, did what happened?
Did that guy interfere with the goalie's ability to make the save? And that's really all you have
to say. And I think it was pretty clear. Macho, he grabbed this, inadvertently ran into a stick,
pulled him with him. I know his stick was outside the crease, but if the goalie's feet are in the
crease, the goalie's in the crease and his equipment's an extension of him. So, you know,
I mean, he clearly interfered with him. He couldn't make the save. I mean, he knocked him out of the way, and then he grabbed the puck and scored.
I thought that was an easy decision.
The fact that it happened during overtime, it sucks.
But, you know, I had no issue with it.
And as of right now, we're going to move on from the series,
but it's 3-2 Vegas over San Jose late in the third period.
Yeah, exactly.
And I need another goal.
I mean, I need to start this week with a win.
I need this game to have another goal in it.
Yes, you do.
So if I scream in the middle of it.
Also, boys, do you guys know how guys are always going on about Corsi,
even when the numbers don't make sense?
You'll have this guy who we all know is an absolute pigeon,
and Corsi says he's a stud, so the internet all raves about him.
Which guy?
Sometimes I feel the same way about loans.
Sometimes a FICO score is just stupid because it ignores how much money you
make and how stable your job is.
Good news is there's a better way.
Our sponsor, Upstart, is like that friend you have that still watches hockey games and actually knows what is what. Upstart has revolutionized how we borrow money
by going beyond the traditional FICO score to offer personal loans, taking into account factors
like job experience and education when determining your interest rate. Upstart offers personal loans,
but they're not like the ones your bank or credit union provides. That's because Upstart goes beyond the traditional FICO score when assessing your credit worthiness.
Yup, they actually reward you based on your education and your job history in the form of a smarter interest rate.
The best part, once your loan is approved, the funds will be transferred to you the very next business day.
The next day.
Don't get caught out of the net when it comes to your finances.
Hurry to upstart.com
slash chicklets to find out how long your upstart rate is. Checking your rate only takes two minutes
and won't affect your credit. That's upstart.com slash chicklets. Disclaimer, loans are offered by
Cross River Bank, a Jersey State chartered commercial bank. Restrictions apply. For
details, visit upstart.com slash chicklets. was good one more series to talk about tonight boys and ra you want to lead into which one it is
well before ra gets going i want to say a lot of people have been complaining even covering
boston too much and this is not a boston boston heavy podcast for any other reason the fact that
they're fucking eight teams left they're still playing and
the fact that they had the most controversial exciting series in round one so don't think
we're front loading you with the fucking boston thing when they're providing all the content so
don't hold us against and you know what we almost let you fucks win because we said oh let's cover
it last so we don't cover it too much. But we did cover it last.
No, I said we did because we didn't want to front load it and everyone's going to be like,
oh, fucking Boston again.
So let's get to it.
And I kind of went on a fucking rant there.
Go ahead, Ari.
Yeah, the other series tonight, guys, the Bruins, they play like shit.
They still had a really good opportunity to win down at Tampa tonight. But they did lose.
They're going home with a split.
I can't really complain as a fan of the team.
I mean,
they spanked them in the first game and they,
they really did.
They,
I thought they could have won the game easily tonight.
They only had 20 shots on that.
They didn't get their first shot on that until 15 minutes into the game.
And they still had a great opportunity to win it.
I don't know what Tuko was doing on that third goal.
I don't know.
I'm sorry. What was the second goal Tuco was doing on that third goal. I don't know if it was a knuckle puck.
I'm sorry. It was the second goal by Johnson. Okay,
that's right. Palat was the third one. Were you watching the
fucking game already?
Who were you doing? Watching Taxi Driver?
Working on your fucking costume?
I had to stream it. If I can watch
it with my DVR, then I can take a lot better notes
and shit. But bottom line is,
Bruins did play like shit.
I'll let someone else bring up the other topic that Roenick talked about tonight.
But they didn't play good enough to win, and they still could have. But I'm confident that they're going to dominate Tampa, basically,
because, I mean, Vasilevsky hasn't looked good.
What do you got, Wits?
Well, there's a lot to be said.
One, if you're a Bruins fan, I wouldn't worry at all.
I think they're a better team.
I think they match up great against them.
Game one was an utter shit pumping, as we like to call it in this business.
Game two, listen, like the refs, we'll get into it after.
The refs are bad.
The refs have been bad.
There's no doubt about it. Right now, something's going on in this league. I we'll get into it after. The refs are bad. The refs have been bad. There's no doubt about it.
Right now, something's going on in this league.
I don't know what it is, but it's not good.
But the Bruins didn't play good tonight.
So, at the same time, they got screwed on a couple calls, I thought.
But they didn't really deserve to win to begin with.
The Johnson goal, you can't tell on TV if it hit McAvoy's stick.
If it didn't, I don't really know.
I don't know what happened to Tuca there.
That was a wild-looking goal.
That's why it looked so weird that I would like to think it was deflected,
but it hit the middle of the net, so who knows.
Tampa came to play tonight a lot better.
Listen, that line they chose to put up against Bergeron,
Braden Point, Tyler Johnson, Andre Pallott.
The first game, the Bergeron-Marchand-Pashtunak line dominated per usual,
setting up everything, nonstop action, nonstop offense.
And that line was horrific.
Point was minus five.
This is an all-star this year.
So I thought they might switch it up.
I thought they might make a checking line, or I thought they might decide to go Stamkos, Kucherov,
lying against that top line for Boston.
But they didn't.
They stuck with him, and they played great.
Point was a beast.
He had a goal and three assists.
His first career four-point game in the playoffs.
So he dominated.
He had a couple great assists.
The Palak goal, nothing Tuka could do.
That went right by his ear.
It was the perfect shot.
And, you know, like you said, Ari, the Bruins didn't play good.
They still had a chance to win.
So them in this series, I think when they get home,
I wouldn't be surprised if they win both in Boston.
But I don't know when you want to go into the league issue
that really kind of showed in this game as well,
and that's the old Zebras.
Ari, you want to touch on something quick?
Yeah, just real quick.
Just to piggyback again on what was said earlier,
Tampa was in the same situation as Nashville, man.
They were desperate tonight.
They couldn't go down 2-0 and go back to win.
Well, boys, three of the four teams lost the
well, three of the four series, the away team won the first game so
yeah so that's what you're fucking getting to i was gonna say that oh sorry my fucking nugget
i'll keep i'll keep stealing that and here's the thing you know that they were desperate tonight
and you barely noticed stamp coast or kucherov stamp coast or kucherov kucherov had a late shot
the tuka made a save one but those, they're getting shut down out there.
And if that was the desperate punch, and they still didn't get much out of those two men,
just to piggyback again, I think Boston's sitting pretty here.
Go ahead, Biz. Sorry.
Casey, that's where I'm disagreeing with maybe both of you.
One fortunate thing Boston has going on is we knew Bergeron was a little banged up coming in.
He sat out, what, one or two games in the first round?
One game.
One game.
Yeah, he missed one game.
Okay, so he missed the game.
You know he's a little banged up.
Tampa had the rest coming in.
I mean, I have to assume Stamkos is still injured.
Something's going on with him because he's normally very dominant.
He's been not the same whole him and he's centering that line with cooch right yeah i saw
dude he had black tape on his stick in game one right hey oh i've never seen that before from him
okay so thank you for bringing that up to me if you have a guy that's been using a certain color
tape so long and and he's a skill guy if you
see him change his tape color to me that shows a big mental midget kind of sign like oh geez like
this guy's trying everything so crosby would never switch his tape like i would change it around
because i wouldn't even fucking care what you said oh yeah i said i wouldn't i wouldn't care
what color tape i use i just use the closest one because
it wasn't like it fucking mattered you'd be taping you stick with clear dude you're like okay okay
all right well fuck now that you say that i got a quick story so uh we had an optional skate in
columbus uh one uh when i was in the nhl of course fucking yans is on the team and uh it's it's an
optional skate the next day in columbus we just played the the
the night before and there's like maybe eight of us skating so i noticed that all of a sudden all
the the vet guys start wheeling out to the practice rink in columbus which is attached to the rink
but it's just like you know they'd be playing soccer or they already left the rink and they're
all just sitting there watching i could tell they start fucking giggling and mind you i'm fucking buzzing i'm having one of the
best practices my life every fucking pass on the tape i'm fucking going bar down on the on our
backup goalie whoever's in net at the time i think it was la barbara is the goalie coach dressed for
that practice no no no no he was like we were doing like fucking half ice drill so it's all skill work so a lot of
puck so finally yance comes over he goes dude we're fucking losing it over there we taped over
your your tape with clear and you haven't missed the fucking pass and you've been snapping it around
and they're they were fucking losing it and i was like fuck man maybe i'll start using you didn't notice you didn't notice i didn't even fucking notice man the the boys were absolutely
like i said i i never even taped my stick the same way there would be games where yans would
come grab my stick that the next day at practice and and grab it goes was this your game stick and
there wouldn't be one
fucking black mark on it and i hadn't re-taped my stick like i was a fucking joke so i just
thought i'd step in and tell that hey when i when i was playing uh at the national program in ann
arbor this kid mike eves was the head coach his son uh patrick eves plays played in the hl while
ben eves was a great player so So Mike Eves is the coach.
And he comes in, this kid Joe Pomeranski that was on the team.
He's like, look at your fucking jersey, Pomeranski.
You don't have any marks on it.
It's just perfect white, red, white, and blue.
No dirtiness to your jersey.
So he leaves.
And the next intermission, I see Pomeranski.
He's over near the bathroom.
He's got a puck.
He's going down near the pants,
going down on the elbow,
just marking his jersey.
He's putting dog shit on it.
That's a good way.
That's how to get involved. It was fucking awesome.
He makes the goalie wear it for a game.
There's your six, Wits.
Oh, I bent the header?
There's your six right there.
Yep.
We got a tie ball game.
Oh, tie game?
Oh, yeah.
Big fucking podcast.
San Jose just tied it.
Yeah, this is the first live recording during the game.
It's pretty exciting.
Fucking talk about turtle, you check bastard.
Getting the wit dog and over win.
Plus one, five, two.
Woo!
Ah, right.
Yeah.
Okay, so my last point that I was going to make
before we went off the grid there was I was
expected maybe Tampa was going to be a little
flat with such a long layover, and Boston was
obviously battle-tested, like, right into another round, let's fucking go.
And I love the way Boston's built, but I think as far as rest is concerned,
second game, you could definitely see Tampa ramp it up. They're like, okay,
now we're back in game shape. We're back in game mode here.
I fear for Boston moving forward. I still think it's going to be a long series,
but I don't know, boys. I'm not liking Boston chances.
I'm taking, I'm taking Tampa and seven stuff.
All right.
And we alluded to it earlier.
Now I'll bring it up.
Whatever.
I don't give a fuck.
I know I don't blame games on refs and I'm not doing that tonight.
I've been writing about the Bruins for 11 years on Boston.
And I think maybe one game, not a big deal.
Yeah.
And I think one game I made a point to really blame the refs
because it was really bad.
It was a regular season game, but I don't make a habit of blaming them.
But it's very noteworthy.
Tonight's game, during the game, Pierre Maguire called them marginal calls.
And for him, this call called marginal.
That tells you how fucking bad it is.
He's on the national broadcast.
They made note of it
during the game and then after the game did you guys get ronick's fucking rant maybe grits
well i can play it for the show then you have a cross check by gerardi how can none of these be
called at the most crucial part of a hockey game in the playoffs it's unacceptable it's got to be
better it's too inconsistent and if they don't there's going to be a lot of complaining not only
on the ice but all over the hockey world he went off on the fucking refs, man.
And like, that's, I mean, it's not common for that to happen for a guy like of his stature
on TV to shit so bad on the refs, but I think they deserved it tonight. Again, I'm not saying
that's why the Bruins lost. Others may, I'm not, but it was fucking atrocious. The, the,
the love tap that crew gave a guy was a slasher in the game.
Then at the mash on game on a stick, he gets slashed in the hands.
They don't not even a penalty shot.
Can I chime in on one of the calls?
Please.
Couple, you know, there's this new wave of every time there's anything remotely physical happening.
People are just rushing to Twitter to be like, I'll give him 10 fucking games.
And people were complaining about that again about that kevin miller hit
one of the tampa players got a breakout pass at the time he got the pass i think he was outside
the dots and then he puts his back to miller to protect the puck i think it was 21 i don't know
who which guys were which numbers on tampa point maybe it was point it might not even been him who
gives a fuck.
And Miller ends up following through on his head,
hits them in the numbers,
but it's an open ice.
And he was about six feet from the boards,
but his momentum took him into the boards.
His arm ended up touching it.
So fuck,
he was getting a penalty for finishing his head.
And I'm thinking people are asking,
Oh,
dangerous head,
his fault. I'm like,
what the fuck,
man?
Where's the onus on some of the guys who have the puck nowadays?
He protects it.
He was in the middle of the ice when he got it.
He knew exactly what he was doing.
If Miller lets up, he's in fucking no man's land.
If that guy spins off him, everyone's like, oh, what a shitty D.
Fucking everyone in Boston probably kidnaps his family.
And this guy's fucking toast.
Like, let the fucking guys play.
And one of the other big issues has been face-offs.
Face-offs.
Well, I want you to get into that in a second.
But my opinions on the refs, there's some good refs.
There is.
And there's games that they do a good job.
But for some reason, this playoff, I don't really know what's going on
because they're missing stuff that's like the most obvious
they missed the Morrissey crosscheck
on Stahl there's two guys it was in the middle
of the arena on a power play
they missed the Marchand slash tonight
there's just stuff that
is kind of confusing to everyone
like what's going on with the officials
and to have them kind of affecting
games is unfortunate
and I think for it to get brought up on the national broadcast,
NBC sports,
I mean,
they're almost told they're not,
they're never told not to,
but they could be,
you know,
they could be persuaded to be like,
Hey,
let's not bring it up.
And it's still being brought up.
So it's an issue that I just hope gets itself figured out because you just
want to see consistency.
That's all it is.
And that was the Krug issue.
Exactly. It was that. And well, and you just hit, you just. That's all it is. And that was the Krug issue. Exactly.
It was that.
And you just mentioned business.
Kevin Millahill.
We saw, I mean, as far as positionally, David Bostanak had creamed late in the game.
And the Bruins should have had a power play coming based on some of the other calls.
There was no call there.
Are you talking about Straumann along the wall late when the goalie was called?
Yeah, right behind the goal.
Girardi.
I think it was Girardi.
Oh, was it?
I know it was Pasternak who got buckled,
but the other thing is that Victor Hedman,
when he got his own fucking stick and the Bruins get a four-minute penalty,
now that's something that they should be able to look at.
If someone in Toronto says,
oh man, that wasn't even a stick,
there should be a button to hit the refs to say no,
because you can't give any team, any four minute fucking power play because he get hit by
his own stick that's craziness i mean shit is gonna happen and you know calls are gonna get
missed but for that to happen to any team where a guy hits himself with his own stick they should
be that should be like a reviewable type thing like nah man like this that's just that just
shouldn't happen i know and people are gonna say man enough with the fucking reviews because people are just sick of like sitting
around like wondering what the fuck's going on i'm not opposed to that in that case it's even
if they change it when playoffs hit and it's like hey puck over the glasses could be reviewed
and see because if that ends up costing someone a stanley cup a puck over the glass i'm gonna
fucking lose it now let's talk about the face-offs.
Is that cool?
You have an inside source for us, correct?
Correct.
So when we were talking about face-offs, and Bergeron's been getting kicked out a lot.
And I thought of one person when I was like, I need him on the podcast, and it's Boyd Gordon.
And people who follow me on Instagram know I call him Gordo.
He's the funniest guy, but he hates anything social media.
This guy is like Jason fucking Bourne.
He doesn't want anybody knowing anything going on in his personal life.
And he said no to the podcast, but I was able to call him and pick his brain about the face-off thoughts.
And I asked about Bergeron specifically, and he said that he's one of the biggest gentlemen in the league as far as
like respecting the face-off rules and like,
not like manipulating little things in order to win.
And he's also one of the most consistent and good,
good face-off guys.
And he was,
it's like an underground fucking world,
the centerman and especially the good ones.
He was a repair man.
He signed that 9 million a year,
a year, a year,
or sorry,
9 million contract for 3 million years over three.
Uh,
and,
uh,
that's what he,
he did.
Uh,
so he was talking about how that eight shots,
dude,
he ate shots for breakfast,
lunch,
and dinner.
So he,
he was telling me about some of the guys who are like the leg kickers who
sweep in.
And,
and,
and,
uh,
he said that Drew Stassastny broussard
duchesne are guys with the foot shield they come in that's like their their little gimmick
he said why are guys getting kicked out did he say that well he just said that that it a lot of it
has to do with whether the linesman likes you or doesn't there's like another underground society
of like these guys fuck you in linesman for kicking them out and then holding grudges.
So certain guys, if they're polite to refs, they could probably get away with more.
He said Joe Thornton used to get away with a lot.
Like a little bit of cheating here, a little bit of cheating there.
He said the biggest thing for him was he used to go wide with his legs,
and he hated guys who didn't respect the code of face-offs.
Oh, Jesus.
Where he would  so in the defensive zone, obviously the defensive player has to line up first.
So he would come out in the tripod position and he would stay still.
But because of the radius of the blades of the skate, it would have you lean forward a little bit, obviously.
So to stay completely still for, let's say, five seconds on the ice is a little bit tiring,
and it kind of throws you off a little bit because you have to exert some energy.
You have to tighten some muscles up to stay dead static.
So some of these offensive guys, what they do is they delay, delay, delay.
Then they come in the circle, and they wait slowly to put the stick down,
so it throws off the defender's guy's timing and he fucking hates it like gordo like he would
kidnap those people's families if he could wait dude it's it's it's the away team has to put their
stick down first no but in any person in the defensive zone regardless you you have to put
your stick down first no are you sure yeah home team always gets to put
their stick down second oh i thought no matter what on so did i until like two months ago and
somebody told me oh god yeah well fuck now i sound like a real fucking idiot i don't feel so dumb the
rules you dumb fuck i don't feel so dumb butchering a rule the other day he said him and goss dad were
one of those guys who got really wide with their skates to get that leverage where refs started making them tighten it up because
they would be like headbutting each other and like pushing forward like rate like like fucking rams
so do you think the because bergeron's getting thrown out so much you think that's just indicative
of how much he's been getting away with for these years that the refs the linesman holding
him with such a standard that he's getting tossed so much as oh yeah unless he's been getting away with for these years that the refs, the linesmen hold them as such a standard that he's getting tossed so much
as.
Oh yeah.
Unless he's crushing the guy's old lady.
I don't fucking know.
I don't.
Yeah.
I mean like what the fuck did he do?
Yeah.
He's and,
and for,
and for Gordo to come out of his way and say,
he's a gentleman.
He's like the guy who doesn't delay.
He had nothing but good things to say about them.
And,
and he said Vermette's one of those sneaky guys who waits up and yeah.
So this is an underground society. I wish I could go to want to talk about it more and uh he said vermet's one of those sneaky guys who waits up and yeah so this is an underground society i wish i could go to one to talk about it more but he uh he said uh
fuck your podcast i got a good buddy i got a good buddy of mine and he uh the kid thought it was a
good idea when we were like 13 to hide a porno mag under the main uh sink in the like the bathroom
off the living room so finally his
mom just like found it when she went to put towels in one day and she wrote him a letter
that said there's deep deep and dark secret societies for people like you from his own mother
oh about having a spank magazine dad he left it in Yeah, he left it in the bathroom off the living room.
Hey, this is fucking embarrassing, but
I might have the world record for
the amount of times my mom's walked in on me
fucking spanking it when I was younger.
You must have been really bad at it.
But, honest to God,
I think my mom walked on me four times
when I was under the age of 16.
Or around that time.
Why didn't she just knock him? There was one time she didn't talk to me for a week.
Oh,
this might,
I can't really go into details.
Cause it's just like,
it's too late for that.
It's horrific.
That wraps up the series.
Guys,
before we leave,
we're done with that.
I have still great to tell you that happened to me a couple of days ago.
And I thought that you guys would appreciate it yeah let's hear it so there's
this taste festival in scottsdale it's like all these restaurants come here and and they you know
it's like an outdoor uh thing it's it's cool tons of tons of people go and uh uh one of my partners
in my medical marijuana company he got us vip tickets i was like oh shit yeah okay oh vip no big deal
um so we show up to this thing and who do i run into sean o'connor the guy who came all right the
guy told the story about when he was playing in the ahl when babcock oh yeah yeah yeah told him
to embrace this game in the nhl arena because he'll never play another game and that's like
that's a story for another uh episode because we're going to bring him back because we have to solve the case
with commodore but so he's like i see him there and he's like hey my buddy's one of the guys who
threw it on he's like in the super vip he goes he goes come on up so i meet the guy and i'm like
we're not even in the top vip of this taste test but i'm a peasant like i don't i don't like flex
my muscles like that anyway so he brings me
up there and he introduced me the guy who threw the whole charity event on so i was like oh he's
making small talk with him and yeah he loves the podcast cool and i'm just making small talk i'm
like wow like i really like the band and he goes fuck they better be good it was a cover band and
i'm like oh like why do you say that goes, oh, you should have seen the request list.
So I'm like, okay, show me.
And he's like, ah, like I, he goes, I don't know. He's like, don't show anyone.
I go and I go, listen, I won't say anything about what charity event or what the band was, but fucking send me this, this request list.
So this cover band who, I think they, I think they made 20.
What's that?
Like the rider, like in the contract
like what they should have in their locker room is that what you mean like by requests yes correct
that's like anyone like bruno mars shit like like like your base right i think they were getting
paid like 2500 bucks that's what he should get a couple bottles of water and fucking unsalted
almonds that's oh yeah Is that what you think?
I'm going to read this fucking list off for you.
Oh, okay.
So it is called The Rider.
So it's at the top here.
It goes, please have entire riders shopped and available before load-in.
That's a request at the top.
Clean drinking ice two hours before set time.
I think they might have meant water there.
Eight clean black hand towels for stage.
No bar regs.
One liter bottle Jameson whiskey.
Irish whiskey, it says.
Twelve bottles of local preferred IPA beer.
No Sierra Nevada or fat tire, please.
Two bottles of red wine. montepulciano italian
don't even know what the fuck that means rija rija spanish i'm not drinking any fucking merlot
nothing under 13 it says right there. Oh, big spender.
Two cases bottled spring water, at least one case unopened and at room temperature.
24 cans of La Croix or polar grapefruit sparkling water, lime, grapefruit, lemon, unflavored in order of preference.
Six, Stumpton Nitro or other non-dairy, non-sugar no milk please cold brew coffee four 16 ounce dr peppers ginger ale as mixer one not from concentrate orange juice tropicana
grove stand orange juice is acceptable one lemon two large bags gluten-free dairy free dairy free blue corn chips hummus glass jar of
hot salsa one jar of organic peanut butter creamy fuck these guys this fucking list keeps on going
if you would have fucking showed me this fucking list i would have thought the rolling stones were
going to play with with beyonce jumping out of a fucking birthday cake halfway through the show with jay-z popping out
of her fucking bra uh six trojan condoms um can we get some lube and uh some younger boys
this is a band this list is worth more than what they're fucking making.
Add it all up.
Were they good?
I mean, fuck, dude.
They were an okay cover band.
If you can get it, fuck.
Did I lose you guys?
Oh, shit.
Anyway, that's all I got.
I actually got one last note about for my final closing uh just
want to give a shout out to a local guy who played division three hockey uh up in norwich
and he ended up with about a 17 or 18 season pro professional career the nhl he had 145 games
keith the coin do you know him wits oh yeah Oh, yeah. I was going to bring him up. Great job.
So he officially retired.
I mean, this guy, look at his
hockey database all over the continent, and then
he just played his last three years in
Munich in Germany.
A lot of people let us know he's 39
years old. Like I said, he went to D3
Norwich, man, and he carved out a fucking
17 or 18 season
professional career.
Just a really long stick.
So we just want to get, if you guys can chip into it, but just a shout out to Keith for a great professional career and being a good guy.
We have heard nothing but good things about him.
Go ahead, Witz.
No, Chelmsford, Massachusetts.
I actually think he's like Jack Eichel's idol.
That's where Jack Eichel's from.
And Keith DeCoyne, dude, great guy.
This guy was the best, I swear to God, because he skated every summer around Boston.
He's the best I've ever seen at going through the D-man under his triangle on two-on-ones.
No matter what I did, he would saucer over my stick, go through my triangle.
It didn't matter.
Or he'd just shoot and score. He was a a superstar one of the best ahl players ever no joke he had 108 points one year and 65 games in albany 96 points in 70 games in hershey 106.72 games in hershey he just ended
his career with three straight titles in the del for for the Munich Red Bull team, also my boys.
Oh, they won it.
They won it.
Three years in a row.
Three years in a row.
Oh, shit.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
No, I mean, he lit up Switzerland.
He basically, no matter where he's ever been, produced points.
Everywhere.
So I'm happy for him.
The guy's just a diehard Red Sox fan, too.
Go ahead. all right.
Also, he was a black ace on the 2006 Carolina Hurricanes Stanley Cup winner.
Okay.
I don't think he got his name on the cup because of the games played minimum,
but he was a black ace during that.
So, yeah, he sounds like a good luck charm.
And, fuck, I thought we were going to end up finishing this, the podcast.
Thank you guys for saying that, and congrats to Keith.
And also, wait, I almost fucking forgot tom costopolis retired yes yes holy i cannot believe he's still playing but what a
career i played against him in playoffs a couple years ago when we won the caller cup i thought
okay this is probably his last year he played two more years just finished lost our first round to charlotte and playoffs he played 630 nhl regular
season games and 722 ahl regular season games holy fuck that's insane i think i played like
maybe 500 pro games including ahl and nhl like that guy did it more in two different leagues
but i also fucking healthy scratches than games played also by the way tk like the driest funniest sense of humor biz you remember him when i got to the
team and i just left college i like dude you've you know my legs and my body biz just my my leg
my out of bounds posts they're just so disgusting i made fun of your cabs at pence camp you almost
got me kicked off the team hey tk goes to me it was like me him and another guy in the locker room i didn't know
anyone he's like dude and he has that like voice he's like man those calves are huge he's like
did you do a bunch of like like calf raises and i was and he was so dead and i was just like
uh like yeah i do kind of a lot.
He's like, oh, that's sick, man.
They're fucking monsters.
And then he looked over, laughed at somebody else.
I was like, oh, my god.
You don't know what he's kidding?
I went home.
I was like, oh, Jesus.
I got to actually figure out these things.
That's when you went minus six, minus five.
I was beating you up. All right, boys. I was a long pod. We. I got to actually figure out these things. That's when you went minus six, minus five. That would beat you up.
All right, boys.
That was a long pod.
We're sorry about how long it was.
Hopefully, everyone had a good time.
I wonder if we have a  let us know what the ideal time slot you want us to be.
Yes.
I bet you people want like an hour an episode.
Tough, though.
We just get going.
I don't know.
Yeah, I think
We have a lot of good stories towards the end of the episode, some people might even get here overtime start right now but i already won
so i don't give up go ahead all right sorry i interrupted you there no i think um yeah an hour
an hour 10 sometimes an hour 20 but anything over that you start getting a little fucking
well again he just added voice all right peace out so i can talk more. All right. Peace. I want to be the one you love most of all. I'm a boogeyman, I'm a boogeyman Turn me on
I'm a boogeyman, I'm a boogeyman
