Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This podcast is presented by MyBookie.ag.
You think you know who's going to win the Bruins game tonight? The Sox game?
Put some dough down, man. That's what MyBookie's for.
Get into the action with the safest online sportsbook in the world,
and it's the only one we recommend to our listeners.
MyBookie.ag offers all kinds of different wages on Major League Baseball.
Right now, we're in the thick of the NBA playoffs, NHL playoffs. It's a wild time.
The best thing about MyBookie for degenerates like myself, you can create your own
player prop wages using the prop machine. You heard that right. You can create your
own matchups and wages between any players that action that day.
You kind of combine a fantasy with legit gambling.
You can't beat it.
Go check them out now.
Use the promo code spit for a 50 deposit when you, I'm sorry, a 50 bonus when you
deposit.
You know, we only recommend this website to listeners because we love our listeners.
It's been good to us.
It's good to you.
You get that Vegas experience.
My bookie.
A G is the only place to go.
They also got every league in the world. You can bet on the video games, legal legends, all that Vegas experience. My bookie. Dot. A G is the only place to go. They also got every league in the world.
You can bet on the video games,
legal legends,
all that crazy stuff.
If you like it.
Plus they got the casino games,
blackjack roulette,
crap slots.
My bookie.
Dot.
A G has it all.
Not to mention,
you can play all the games on your cell phone,
iPad or tablet,
your laptop,
whatever entirely up to you.
You can play from literal,
literal,
literally anywhere.
Talk much.
You play, you win, you get paid. So if you want to get into the action
this summer, go to mybookie.ag now and sign up with them using promo code
SPIT to ensure that you're eligible for all of our future promotions and bonuses.
Visit Las Vegas from your couch and try them out today. Once again,
that's mybookie.ag. Mybookie.ag with the promo
code SPIT. Money, money, money, money. Money, money, money, money.
Money.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode Phil the Thrill Kessel of Spittin' Chicklets,
brought to you by Barstool Sports.
By the way, Phil, open invite.
You can come on and bash Simmons anytime you want.
What's up, Mikey Grinelli, producer?
What's up, boys?
Biz, biz, nasty out in the desert. Not a big deal. time you want. What's up, Mikey Grinelli, producer? What's up, boys? Biz Biz Nasty
out in the desert.
Not a big name.
And our boy Ryan Whitney
on the NHL Network.
Good new
what up?
Earlier tonight, Pittsburgh tied up the series
with a 3-1 win. We had a, well, not really
controversial goal, but one of those goals
that I'll look at again. Currently, Nashville
is up 2-0 going into the third. Another
live tweet, live
podcast and a game here. P.K.
Subban have a hell of a series.
Biz, what did you think of the game earlier?
Pittsburgh, Washington.
Should we start off with Gensel?
Wow, what a heater.
He's on the opposite of what he's gambling lately.
No, I'm going to say this.
I'm heating up, boys.
I resent him, Gensel.
He's that guy who's, I bet you he drives at 300 yards down the straight of the fairway,
can coil like a motherfucker.
We know it, right?
You know he's winning like, I don't know, 40 of all sewer ball games before the game.
He's just naturally good at soccer.
And then like during playoffs, he's like, okay, I'll start trying a little bit.
And then boom, 21 points, 10 games.
Sidney Crosby probably doesn't hurt him, but this guy's just a natural.
He doesn't hurt him, but this guy's just a natural.
Hey, I would be shocked if Jake Gensel isn't packing seven inches in there.
He's just one of those.
He's one of those guys, like you said, probably good at golf,
grabs a tennis racket, good at tennis, has an absolute wrench in his pocket.
Some people just have it all.
And this guy, we've talked about it, he just steps up in the biggest moments.
I said before, I said he's probably the kid who is 13 years old in the biggest games.
He was always the best player.
You're born with this shit.
And I like how you said Crosby.
Gentil right now, hey, I got a little stat for us tonight, boys.
I got a couple nuggets.
Played golf today.
Came home.
Nice little buzz going.
I looked up some stats, RA style.
Uh-oh. RA facts.
Gensel, eight-game point streak.
First player to do that in the playoffs since 2014 when Andrzej Kopitar did it.
That's not a big deal.
That's not a big deal at all.
I've heard of him.
He's in a row with a point.
I bet you he might never get
an eight-game point streak in the regular
season if he plays 20 years. But he'll
do it in the playoffs. That's just the type of
guy he is. And he's not scoring
garbage goals either. He's making plays.
He's making solid plays. He's scoring impressive
goals. I mean, he's not just getting dumb luck
playing with a superstar. He's making
things happen. He's setting up Crosby as well.
It's been impressive as hell. Oh, the pass, the dangle in the past he had in game three,
that was filth. It was absolute filth. He kind of lost it a little bit still right between the
guy's triangle over to Sid who a hundred percent is burying that every time, by the way, guys,
how about this? How about this for your stat boy, wit dog? Crosby, going into today, nine goals, 16 assists for 25 points in 19 postseason games following a Penguins loss.
Tonight, two assists.
Now has nine goals, 18 assists for 27 points in 20 games following a loss in the playoffs.
And you're talking about showing up after the team loses a tough one?
That's so sick that I know I blow Sid.
He's gotten me everything I got.
He's given me everything I have, but God damn it, is that good.
Well, I mean, back to Gensel, Dirk Diggler of playoffs,
roller girl right in her hoop every time.
He's a ledge.
Are we going to fuck? Crosby. playoffs roller girl right in her hoop every time he's he's a ledge are we gonna fuck
crosby i i said this uh on radio i said if he wins another cup and if it's this year
i'm dethroning gretzky as the greatest of all time and i'm putting sid there with you we're
gonna and we're gonna get smoked for it yeah we're gonna get smoked for i don't care yeah he's the
best of all time if they win again and. Especially because he's like the LeBron
of hockey, right?
Social media is important
now. It's relevant. Everybody has their
say. He's crybaby.
He puts up with more abuse than
anyone.
He's the greatest.
Don't ever say
he's the LeBron of hockey.
That was the biggest. You think he's the fucking lebron
james of hockey lebron james talks about blacking out his uh social media and then he's posting
after every game sid doesn't even have a facebook account what i mean by that is is yes i i agree
lebron's a little corny and a little uh he's calculated. But I mean, as how much hate he gets and how people say he's overrated,
he's probably, I would say he's equivalent to Michael Jordan at this point.
He'll probably surpass him, but doesn't get that respect he deserves.
Playing wise, yeah, because he's a nose pick, but that's, I was,
you don't know what the fuck I meant, which, shut up.
Give me fucking Magic Johnson over
LeBron any fucking day of the week I'll say that all day yeah but part of that's you being like 63
years old like I feel like you're like dude like no I think it's recency bias and nobody has recency
bias worse than this current generation everything's the greatest the best ever every fucking headline
every tweet the best is the greatest that it, motherfucker, you weren't even alive when that happened.
You're not an authority.
You can't say that was the best ever.
I seen Magic play.
I seen LeBron play.
I'll take fucking Magic.
And the whole LeBron's the best passer ever.
He's lucky if he's in the top five passing ever.
Again, Magic and Bird, and I know I'm sounding low,
way better passer than fucking LeBron.
Is this part of my take all of a sudden?
What the fuck, yeah.
I can deal
with your basketball analysis
there, but as far as hockey
concerned, back then,
goalies were wearing black ice goalie
pads, street hockey pads. It was a
joke. They were standing up for every
shot. Defensemen
were bagging groceries in the summer.
They were terrible.
Now, I'm not saying every team's got depth on the back end,
but at least they can, like, cross over.
I mean, right?
Right?
I'm stuck on assist men in the NBA.
Give me John Stockton in those wedgie shorts all day long.
Isn't it a miracle when those guys play with those shorts
how, like, dicks and balls just didn't fall out at all?
Like, it never happened, dude.
Like, it's crazy.
They were packing some serious heat in them.
They were probably chucking two-inch inseam, for Christ's sake.
And they had worse legs and wit back then.
Anyway, moving on.
So, all right, back to Washington, Pittsburgh.
Barry Trotz, a.k.a. Bob Hoskins from Roger Rabbit.
Ask a millennial.
You got that one earlier.
He does look like Bob Hoskins.
What was up with him challenging the fucking  after they already reviewed it,
it was clearly a goal.
That was the worst challenge ever.
There was not even any indication of goaltender interference.
And the best thing was he  okay, so the goal happens, and he decides to
and they review it. He decides to challenge it. And then right when the ref's like he decides to and they review it he decides to
challenge it and then right when the ref's like the ref you could tell he's like dude uh it's a
goal we just looked at it and then he said goal again and trots is like okay okay like what are
you doing bro they just looked at it for 10 minutes what are you trying to review right now
and you know what you know it was great we got the overhead look of that goal that was like the exact factor we needed you could see that right when it went in it was funny
the hornquist goal i was like watching it live i'm like oh that's in the way he celebrated it
ends up being no goal that one from live viewing it looked like no way it looked like what a save
even from one of the replay views i was like oh my god hope he got it and sure sure enough
malcolm still buried it so he made his
no he announced his presence with authority do you guys want me to chime in on that or what well
actually no before before before you chime in on that the pens were a lock tonight boys oh i know
i've been cold things have been good but i got a lot of money back on the pen tonight. That was just guaranteed hockey win.
And we got 2-2 in every series right now,
except for, well, if Nashville holds on to this game,
and if they do, I'm starting to heat up.
Except for Boston-Tampa.
We'll get into that.
But we got some exciting games and exciting series.
We got some hockey going, boys.
Well, there's two things we haven't visited.
We haven't visited the Wilson hit.
Oh, geez. Yeah things we haven't visited. We haven't visited the Wilson hit.
Yeah, I don't know.
I didn't even get a chance to really dissect it.
There's a civil war going on on Twitter right now about it.
He got three games.
My only comment would be if he did come up a little bit.
First of all, off the ice, I love Tom Wilson.
He's a really good person really good guy uh if i played against him now of course i would be the guy trying to fight him and stuff he's he's been a
big factor in this series uh two controversial hits of course going back to the last one in game
three yep no game two game two i'm sorry the one on shultz and uh yeah that was dumb uh and and
of course in game three now i feel like tom's one of those borderline guys who's been given a lot of
benefit of doubt in in past whereas finally it caught up to him and they had to give him three games a lot of public backlash
whatever i'm okay with it okay i got a lot to say
uh how do i word this right scumbag player having said that i'll take him on my team any day of the
year the guy can skate he's a prick prick. He's dirty. I called into
Barstool Radio earlier this week.
Got my Muppet song sing right in my face
per usual.
Dude, this guy. Hockey was
built on dirty players. Mark
Messier. Think of these people, dude.
There's players who forever
have been dirty pricks
and that's how the game of hockey
has been played. It's always Bobby Clark. I mean, that's, you, you hate to play against them. You love them on your team.
Tom Wilson makes dirty hits. He goes after guys. He's hit people in the head. He's hit people in
the knees, but he's effective. And that hit the, the, the issue I had with that hit was,
um, he didn't, he was going to the bench to change.
So then he saw the guy and he's like, all right, I'm going to lay him out, which is completely fine.
My issue with the hit, and I think it was deserving of a suspension, I thought three games was heavy.
But Ashton Reese, he looked at him, knew he was coming.
And instead of getting out of the way, he's like, all right, I'll try to go toe-to-toe with this guy.
I'll try to take this hit.
I'll try to take it right in my chest, right in my chin. And, of course, it ended up getting him in the way. He's like, alright, I'll try to go toe-to-toe with this guy. I'll try to take this hit. I'll try to take it right in my chest,
right in my chin, and of
course, it ended up getting him in the chin. The one
angle we saw, and everyone sent
the one picture of him with his shoulder
looking like it was hitting right into his
shoulder. He had his feet on the ice,
and it looked like a clean hit.
The issue was, I saw on the Department
of Player Safety video from the other end,
it caught him right in the chin, dude.
Broken jaw.
Jaw was a complete cash register.
It was on the other side of his body.
And in that aspect, dude, that's a suspension.
But in saying all that, fuck, man, he's an effective player out there.
Before he got suspended, he was running around killing people the whole series.
And, R.A., you mentioned that I bet you the Penguins wish they had reeves back i don't agree with that i think oleskiak's tried
to fight him and he wouldn't fight him he certainly wouldn't fight reeves and what's going to change
i think just his presence out there man a guy like wilson probably isn't going to run around
as much i mean if he has to answer to somebody like reeves and reeves is ironically isn't even
skating for getting dressed for other vegas right now but i mean i don't is ironically isn't even skating for getting dressing for the Vegas right now. But I mean,
I don't know that.
Isn't that why we,
what we all want like a forces for us.
So guys like Tom Wilson,
don't run around and do this shit.
I mean,
uh,
I,
I know I try to stir the Twitter by saying that,
but no,
in,
in,
in playoff time,
just avoid it.
He's been a pest and talk about his relevance,
uh,
on that model, uh, that Mata turnover in game three
when Washington ended up scoring that goal with just over a minute left.
He ran him over.
Well, yeah, Mata turned it over, and he was going to head back.
It probably would have been a two-on-two,
and he finished his hit on Mata, rolled him over,
and that's why they went down two-on-one.
And Backstrom obviously made the beautiful play over to him
and a nice follow-up by Ovechkin.
Wilson has been a factor.
And as dumb as this sounds to maybe some people who are critical of the slugs
and the old-school guys.
He's not a slug.
Right.
But you know how all these mainstream people online label guys like that.
Let's be realistic about it, right?
But he's extremely relevant, and hockey embraces guys like that.
So when the hit happened, I saw the replay, and I know Brooks Orpik well.
And right when Aston Reese got hit and was skating to the bench,
I don't know if you saw, he threw his glove at the Capitals bench.
It was because Orpik was like, I don't know what he said.
I couldn't read his lips, but he said something to him,
probably like, suck on that one, buddy.
And that just shows, dude, that he's used to playing with Wilson,
and this guy running people over, and the whole team loves it.
If you watch the replay, Orpik's leaning over the bench,
and he's like and he probably said,
how does that one taste, bud?
And Asher, he threw his glove at the thing.
I don't think he probably knew his jaw was in seven places,
but I guarantee you
the Capitals love having Tom
Wilson on their team.
I called into Boston, surely, before you
to dummy that midget Nate
because he was talking trash.
That's just what I said he's definitely a
very effective player he's very good at what he does um and he's been had a huge role in the
series if if he had gotten probably suspended I think if he was going to be suspended for a hit
it would have been for the first one not the second one uh the second one was just kind of
a physics thing it was a bigger guy hitting a little guy the guy the little guy saw the hit
come and try to brace it was just one one of those hockey players with an unfortunate result.
I think the injury made it way different in terms of what the suspension was going to be.
Grinelli, what did you think about that?
We haven't got you involved.
In that last episode, we didn't hear from you.
I'd like to hear you.
You better give a good take here, by the way.
I want to know what you thought.
I thought it was dirty.
Okay.
But again, it's such a fast game nowadays,
and it's like you really can't like  it was so close from his jaw to his chin.
I just think it's so tough to really dictate like, you know,
the intent of what he was trying to do.
But, I mean, I don't really think  I mean, three games is definitely enough for him.
I thought the Kadri hit was dirtier than his hit, and Kadri got three games.
I thought Kadri's hit was way dirtier.
I would agree with that, and I think that after somebody posted a Tom Wilson
quote-unquote highlight reel of all the dirty hit package,
that one was  the one from last night was, or two nights ago, I should say was probably the least dirty,
but it just resulted in,
in a broken jaw.
And like I said,
I'm okay with him getting three games based on the fact that he's probably
gotten away with a lot in the past.
I just don't,
I just don't want to argue about these fucking hits anymore.
I'm at the point where I'm like,
Hey,
let's,
let's just take out fucking hitting so i
don't have to read online about the fact that everyone's arguing whether something was dirty
or not every single game it's actually crazy now and how annoying it is with these hits and it gets
ratcheted up in the playoffs because every you know possible player that could be suspended
matters so much more than in the 82 game regular season season. But it's so painful now. And it's so painful because every hit, there's just question marks.
And each side comes in.
And it's like, I don't know.
These hits.
Tom Wilson throws that hit 10 years ago, dude.
He's getting a pat on the back.
And the media is after talking about hit of the playoffs.
Scott Stevens made a Hall of Fame career out of those.
I can tell you.
They were legal. they were what people loved
the same reason we put Gordie Howe
on a pedestal, famous for his elbows
it's just
no doubt the game's changed
and it's going a different direction
it's amazing how
I was alive when Scott Stevens was
throwing those body checks
and he was being praised for it where now he'd be what?
He'd be the Tom Wilson.
Oh, dude, he'd be way worse.
I mean, he was hitting guys directly in the face with the most amazing hits.
I remember watching him being like, this guy's incredible.
But for everyone that's out there calling Tom Wilson a scumbag, you know what?
If you were rooting against the Capitals, if you're a Penguins fan,
I'm on board.
Yeah, dude, you're right.
He's a scumbag.
You hate how your team's playing against him, and he's injuring people.
But if you're a Caps fan, if you're a Caps player,
you want the guy all day, every day, twice on Sunday,
bringing home the hay.
I can't keep the rhyme going.
He just, I mean, this is a guy that plays hockey playoff style,
and he's going to get suspended here and there.
You've seen it happen right now.
But when he comes back, he won't change a thing,
and he's going to still have people guessing,
where is this guy on the ice right now?
Yeah.
Oh, go ahead, R.A., sorry.
Scumbag tendencies have long been a part of the game.
They always will be.
And, you know, there's a price to pay, whether it's financial, penalty, suspension, getting your head punched in.
But it's part of the game.
These guys all know what they signed up for.
Hey, Biz, is Wilson as good looking as I think he is?
He's a handsome fella.
Holy shit.
Some of his pictures, I'm like, Jesus Christ.
Look at this guy.
I go to those bio steel camps in the summer.
Not a big deal.
McDavid, not a big deal.
But he's jacked, tall, rich.
Honestly, it's a joke.
I'm tall.
He's like the new Taylor Pyatt.
Oh, yeah, Pisey.
What a set of eyes on that guy.
That's the one thing that he's missing is the eyes.
He doesn't have the eyes.
Paisley's the five-star recruit coming out of college.
He can run fast.
He can catch.
He can play physical.
He's like Rob Gronkowski times a million.
Well, before we move on from the Pittsburgh-Washington series, I will say the Penguins are now 17-4 after a loss in the playoffs with Mike Sullivan as the head coach.
So, you know, the coaches coach, the players play.
But that's pretty impressive when you've got a guy like Crosby and a coach like Sullivan that after a loss really kind of get guys going.
And you don't lose two in a row in the playoffs.
You're going to end up winning and competing for cups.
Well, R.A., I'm going to throw this over to you,
but what do you make of how the coaches are kind of going at each other now?
This series has really picked up, and we don't see that a lot in hockey.
Sullivan was very animated with his comments about the hit that Wilson gave
in the first game where he had the controversial hit.
And after the second game, he was basically,
fuck you in the league to step in and do something
and then trots fired back right away oh it's great theater i mean you know you love to see it it's
just like you say it ramps everything up coach is going back and forth i love when i love when
coaches scream from the bench and trots is pretty mellow guy he's a laid-back guy the media loves
him um you know he well he's trying to get out
of the second round for the first time um but yeah man i i love it any anytime you could add
that kind of drama like like i'm watching right here by the way nashville two nothing still
12 32 left lavio let man he's a guy who likes to mix it up with some other coaches too
anytime you have that shit going on it's it's great drama it makes for great audio and great
video and i'll say this regardless of your opinion of how you felt about the hit,
I respect both coaches for defending their guys.
And it doesn't matter what side you're on.
I respect Trotz for backing up Wilson because he's been with him for many years now.
And he's went to bat for Trotz playing hard and putting his body on the line.
And the same thing goes for Sullivan and his guys.
So regardless of where you lie, I respect both those coaches for doing what they did.
Ditto.
I find it so funny, though.
A coach could despise a player on his own team.
Like, I fucking hate this guy.
He's such a little piece of shit.
But playoff time, if that guy makes a sketchy hit, he gonna be in front of the cameras like he's our man it's just like
everything gets thrown out the window you can have people on teams coaches and players dislike
each other but when you're all going towards that same goal it's boys we're a one-man unit here
we're we're going at this together so yeah it's pretty cool that the coaches stick up for each
other it's not surprising but i understand where they're both coming from how much in the locker room does that does that
really get the boys going when you hear the coach like kind of guys like that you want me to chime
in i've i've won one championship in pro hockey and it was in the fucking thl no it was in the a not bad i forgot and mike sellers with our coach and but no i would run
through a fucking wall for that guy he's he's my second father and and this might sit well with
with maybe the old school guys but i had him in junior too and i was almost afraid of him
because when you would play bad he would come in and he would
lay into you but but it wasn't it taught me accountability it taught me to structure it
taught me everything and nowadays he he's he's ramped it back because he's had to he's adapted
well but he he made me who I am today you could come in the room and and yell in my face and i
wouldn't be fazed by it but i would say you know what okay you're right i could be better
we're now like guys are going to call their agents in the locker room call their parents and
no those i fucking love those kind of coaches i'll go to bat for those kind of guys any day of the
week they're like hold on hold on they're calling the agent they're like, hold on. Hold on. They're calling the Rage. They're like, hold on. I'm just finishing up making this green
protein smoothie. I'll call you back
in two seconds.
Oh, wait. Oh, oh. I'm getting
DM'd on Instagram, but I'm not going to
respond because I'm focused for the next game.
Yeah. Fucking nerds.
Have a fucking Michael Tarion blowing fucking cigarette
smoke in your face.
Michael Tarion smoking
butts on the AHL bus rides. Thanks, dude. I'm awake sniffing in your face michael terry michael tiger terry and spots on the ahl bus rides thanks dude
i'm awake sniffing in your marlboro hey and there's another guy i know he's taking a lot
of heat lately for his comments toward briere and those became public uh i had him he was another
coach that struck a bit of fear in me but i mean the, the way it worked out, I, you know, he, he, he taught me
that too. He taught me to show up every night or you're going to get, you're going to get called
out in front of all your teammates. And as far as the smoke on the bus, yeah, he would tap the
bus driver on the shoulder, have him open that little ass window and he would smoke and literally blow smoke in the bus driver's face
so it could get out of the window and for some odd reason man i'd run for a through a wall for
that guy too he single-handedly killed half of the ahl bus drivers decades ago with his fucking
secondhand smoke we should get him on the pod yeah imagine if we actually get him on the pod. Yeah, imagine if we actually got him on the pod. I mean, I
always bust his balls and everything, but he
actually, he did like, kind
of, he was perfect for the AHL.
He was perfect, because you'll do anything you can
to get in the NHL, and he'd strike the fear of God
in you that you'll never be there. Not only will you not
be there, you'll be down in the cheese toast league,
and if you didn't listen to him,
he was like, he's the perfect AHL coach,
but you can't treat guys like dirt and blow smoke in their face in the show.
It ain't going to work when guys are making eight sheets.
Hey, guys, just got the Nashville game on.
One of my favorite things of the playoffs, I mean, I've seen it before,
but there's been a lot of attention paid to it,
is Avidsson's jump screen on the Nashville point shots.
I mean, he's not the only guy to do it,
but he's definitely one of the best screen guys in the
league. He seems to time that jump
perfectly a lot. It's like Sousa
Salah's shit. I don't mind Segway
and I don't mind that Segway being into the Nashville
series. Are we going to wait until the end because it's going
on right now? We'll wait until the end. Actually,
we'll stay in the West, though.
San Jose showed up last night.
I think it was 3-0 in the final. I kind of
blacked out at the bar. 4-0. There you go. I said I night, tied. I think it was 3-0 in the final. I kind of blacked out at the bar.
4-0.
4-0.
There you go.
Well, I said I blacked out.
I'm sorry.
Had them, boys.
I had them.
It's all knotted up.
Like we said before, Marc-Andre Fleury, he's looked human in the series.
He's still doing a great job, but he's come down to earth a little bit.
2-2, going back to Vegas. How do you see that playing out, guy?
Biz, I'm talking to you.
I was going to let Witt go out of respect.
I appreciate that, dude.
That's just respecting your elders.
I mean, San Jose is a good club, dude.
Yeah, they are.
They're a good club.
That Marcus Sorensen, holy shit.
That goal the other night was big time.
A little head fake after coming out of the corner, beating Alex Tuck.
BC guys suck on that.
I hate BC.
I mean, San Jose at home is, first of all, I think,
I always forget when we're doing these,
we've kind of missed a game in each recording.
So I'll go back quickly to game three.
Wild fucking Bill Carlson.
Are you kidding me with that overtime winner?
It's a nice one.
And his Apple during regulation.
He like one-touched it.
Oh, my God.
That was insane.
This guy, he's  okay, so I didn't know much about him at all.
By the way, shout out to an NHL network analyst I was working with.
I'm not going to name his name that goes, who's 71 on Vegas?
I was like, that's William Wild Bill Carlson, bro.
He had 44 ducks this year.
What do you mean he's number 71?
He's like, where's my 1,500?
That's my taste.
Oh, wait.
Oh, wait.
Actually, I got to go home.
I got to drive home from Jersey now and not watch the game.
But this guy, I didn't know much about him.
He is a blast to watch play hockey.
He's a typical Swede.
He's so, so smart out there.
He's hard on the puck.
He's quick.
He's got great vision.
He does it all well.
But that overtime winner, dude, while moving, moving crossbody snipe barn and jones came
out took out the angle after a beautiful drop pass from james neal who had hit the crossbar
about 30 seconds earlier that was just uh i don't know if you guys watched that watch that game but
it was it was a don't all those games have been sick and they're so late i feel like the east
coast people get kind of screwed over not watching and not being able to stay up being pigeons going
to sleep too early some big time hockey being played and it's like i think that's going seven i think
they all might go seven yeah while bill's on a heater he's losing confidence just everything
he touches is money now and uh yeah big reason for this magical year how do you feel about r.a
it's i i think somebody at columbus has to lose their job for
for like trading i mean i know i know that i compared david clarkson's contract situation
of leprosy on twitter the other day and people go you don't even know what's going on i'm like
yeah it was a joke like i called it fucking leprosy because like no gm wanted to touch them
but the fact that they they gave carlson uh uh clson, and two picks to not take anyone from their roster is fucking insane when you think about it.
Because they protected other guys.
How did you not see the talent that this kid had?
I mean, I know he did have great numbers in his previous Columbus career.
But it's like that's like something somebody should lose a job for.
Sorry, no disrespect to the Columbus front office.
But that's a pretty, pretty blatant.
I mean, the guy's, I mean, he's supremely talented out there.
He's 40 fucking goals.
That pass Whitney just talked about, incredibly.
Like the touch pass that slid over to,
I think it was Riley Smith who scored.
It's just an amazing play.
And the fact that none of they let him go,
but they gave that much, like two first and a second
just to not touch their roster.
That's a fuck-up.
Go ahead, Wits.
Say goodbye to any chance you ever had of getting a press pass at a Columbus game.
We'll see what happens.
We talked about how good coaches are.
Pete DeBoer, probably most underrated coach.
Because he looks like a drip dude he's just like sitting
there he's like he doesn't like he doesn't like he looks so like yeah it's because he's just
prepare so hard they're watching like 20 hours of video in a 48 hour span and they're running on no
sleep so they just really they're like they're on strings on the bench. They're like a fucking puppet.
But how about the organization in general?
They've been relevant.
They're like the new Detroit Red Wings.
They've been relevant for a bunch of titles, though.
Right.
Yeah.
They're like the Washington Capitals.
Yeah.
I'm going to get smoked for that.
Can we edit that out?
no, Biz, I got a question for you how long have they been relevant
where they've been making
somewhat cup runs, I know they get bounced
usually around the second round on average
but fuck, I mean, they're selling
ticks, good crowd
relevant, go ahead
Biz, we always hear about the
Winnipeg crowd, obviously the Nashville crowd has gotten very popular lately.
What's it like going into the shock tank?
We see it on TV.
Sometimes the noise isn't always indicative.
Metallica.
Metallica.
Would you sit up there with five bonds in the league or what?
Tell us, because you're a West guy.
You played there.
Do you work there now?
Tell us, how loud is it?
How hard is it to concentrate as an opponent?
During my time with the Coyotes, probably the most underrated as far as intimidating buildings to go in.
And I'll never forget the one game where it was after All-Star break.
And I went on a four-day heater in Vegas.
Hey, dude, dude, dude.
Not to interrupt you.
You actually had the sickest snipe of your pro career in that building.
I was watching it live.
But I was fucking Danny Heatley, okay?
So wait up.
So we're up 2-0, and we're midway through the second.
And I don't know.
I had like an out-of-body experience as Oliver Ekman-Larsen was rolling down the wall.
And I was in front of the net just
like i don't know shoot it let's get an offensive zone draw so i can fucking change because i can't
be out there longer than 15 seconds because as i mentioned i was on a four-day heater in vegas man
i was cramping up like lebron and i'd played like 30 seconds in this game
i for whatever reason my brain's like push off defender. So I push off my defender and I'm in the slot all by myself and all of
Reckman Larson, sick, sick defenseman. He's gross.
He's not even looking at me. Probably gives me a no look pass.
And I just, I dropped to one knee like Crosby does.
And I just like threw my stick at the puck and it went top corner in and out
faster than anything. know i was like oh
yeah and i went nuts we went up three nothing and that was the biggest lead i ever had in my
entire career playing for the coyotes in san jose wit calm down and i went by the knuckle pile i was
in shock and i went to the bed and they ended up scoring right before the end of the second
they scored five unanswered and we lost.
The building was all over us.
I was like, fuck, I should have known.
Game winner, you fucks.
I was so mad in the locker room, but I was like, I have my goal.
Dude, I'm not kidding you.
I was watching it live.
The puck was at the red line from hitting the net.
It bounced in and out and went to the red line before you could even
celebrate it was a snipe and a half and i was like dude he must have clear tape over his stick right
now hey the whole bench was like in in the where the water's at laughing and then and then we got
routed hey um quickly i forgot to mention in the series, because in that series, game three, I'm thinking before, the save Fleury made in overtime on Couture.
Oh, my God, dude.
By the way, Couture is like, is it Couture or Couture?
I'm thinking Juicy Couture.
Remember those?
Code Couture.
Remember those?
They used to wear those like in the sweats with the juicy on the booty.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, until like 10-year-old girls.
So Couture, Logan Couture.
I mean, that guy buries that 1,000 out of 1,000 times,
and Fleury just chucks the leather up there, and he's laughing after.
And then they go on to get the W by Wild Bill.
It's just like the most classic Vegas win with Fleury.
Who's playing?
I mean, you know, it's 2-2 now but Fleury's playing
the best hockey of his career so I mean shout out to me being wrong on Vegas but I still got my
chances up with San Jose winning this series I'm alive on all my picks boys I'm not dead yet like
the first round all right I'm a little choked I jumped off the San Jose bandwagon because I had
them in the first round dummy in the ducks and I was right vegas the way they beat la just swayed me but man i i think san jose is going to take this one
and it's impressive to do it without joe thornton i mean yeah he's one of the oldest guys in the
league but he still produces he's one of those you know kind of was a monster but soft hands
like an adam oats type though that like adam oats played till he was like 42. So doing it without him makes it even more impressive.
Martin Jones, who was a Bruin for about two days,
he proved he was a cup-capable goalie a couple of years ago when he got them to the cup.
But, I mean, I picked Vegas in seven.
I'm going to stick with that.
I don't know if there's a team like them that just keeps running four lines at you nonstop like that.
It's impressive to watch.
Boys, we talked about it in the first round.
Can I jump ship on my pick?
No.
No.
It only matters if you've got a pick.
All right, all right, all right, all right.
Dude, you can't, like, switch your pick.
Like, that would give our podcast, like, no credibility.
And when you have somebody like me, you have somebody like me,
an NHL analyst who's been picking out of his tits.
Like, we have to keep the credibility in our cast, dude.
Okay, well, now saying that, speaking of credibility,
let's move on to Boston and Tampa.
And Stamko shoved it right up my hoop with a change tape.
He ends up getting a second of the playoffs and
Grinnelli this one's on you you guys posted the clip of of what seemed me like really insulting
him by the way I love Stamkos and me essentially calling him a mental midget for changing tape
did you text there was nothing essential about it you said it but I have a confession to make
I kept checking his Twitter and Instagram to see if he unfollowed me because I made that comment Did you text him? There was nothing essential about it. You said it. But I have a confession to make.
I kept checking his Twitter and Instagram to see if he unfollowed me because I made that comment.
And Grinnelli  no, because Grinnelli made it seem like I was all over him
and I was a little scared of that.
Grinnelli did you dirty, dude.
Grinnelli, defend yourself.
Listen, I love you.
I would wash your car if you wanted me to.
And I'm happy you scored that goal
congratulations
hey no joke
Bugsy Malone texted me the other day
he's like hey we got 7 guys
going on a golf trip to Vancouver
like end of June
and Stammer was one of them
he's like hey man we think you'd be the perfect 8
but just make sure you don't bring biz
Stammer hates his guts
no joke perfect eight, but just make sure you don't bring biz. Stammer hates his guts. No joke.
No.
But I'm bummed.
The guy's a player, though. Okay, back
to that series.
If you're a Boston Bruins
fan right now,
you can't be happy.
We'll go to you next.
What?
Did he really say that?
Oh, dude, it was out of nowhere.
I'm going to text him if he said that.
I'll get the tweet.
I'll send you the text.
It's not good.
He's like, I know you and Biz might travel together for the pod,
but Stammer says no biz, no biz it is.
Ouch.
I'd be less devastated if my girlfriend
broke up with me right now
hey I'm serious
no I'm just kidding bro
I'm just fucking with you Stammer loves you still
I mean Tony was a mental midget
my heartbeat was at 180
guys by the way he got a
he got a he got a empty netter
it's not like you know he didn't shove it up
your hoop that bad.
Kind of.
Anyway.
Either way, either way, Tampa right now is dominating.
I mean, they've looked way better than the Bruins.
They're shutting out any chance they get.
The Bruins are trying to do too much again, I think.
I thought the Bruins would run away with game three and game four.
Shows what I know.
That's been made clear all playoffs.
But right now, R.A., you can't be too happy.
You cannot be happy.
No, I thought last night they played like a team that come out,
like knowing that they can come back because that's what they do,
and they've done it all year.
But that's not the approach you have in the playoffs.
You've got to come out from the hop.
They didn't.
Tampa took it to them.
Tuca, I them. Tuca was
fine. Grizzie, who's been
almost perfect for a rookie,
had a tough turnover, ends up in the back of the net.
Boom, another one. Before you
know it, it's 3-0. Of course, that's why
you always say the best time to be down 3-0.
No, it's 2-1.
I'm sorry.
I was drinking margaritas last night.
When the Bruins made it 2-1, Tampa scored quickly to make it 3-1. I'm sorry. I was drinking margaritas last night. No, but when the Bruins made it 2-1,
Tampa scored quickly to make it 3-1.
Okay, alright. I misremembered
Roger Clemens' style. Bottom line is, Dave,
Bruins didn't come out to play. Tampa did
and the
cold start or the dead start, whatever you want to call it,
it killed them. They had to play catch-up all game.
Vassie made some saves
and they were just discombobulated.
They can't come out and think, oh, we can come back whenever we want
because it's the playoffs, and that's not the approach to have.
And yeah, the cliche pivotal game four, well, I don't think we've seen
the Bruins' best game yet.
I mean, they were good in game one, but Tampa was more bad than anything.
I think we'll see their best punch tomorrow night because they have to throw it.
Otherwise, they're going down 3-1, and that's a recipe for disaster.
It was an unacceptable start for the Bruins, and it was extremely unacceptable.
If you're going to look back and see Pedro Martinez in a goddamn Bruins jersey
waving the flag with Bobby Orr.
I mean, Dronelli, I was actually on board.
You're like, Pedro's waving the flag.
This is a bet of the year. Of course I bet him. They lost. I mean, I was actually on board. You're like, Pedro's waving the flag. This is a bet of the year.
Of course I bet him.
They lost.
I mean, what was that?
You'd think that old Petey would have got him more fired up.
Bobby, too.
No Bobby.
I mean, you got to win for Bobby.
I think overall it was just too much.
It was Pedro, Bobby, Rene.
Four fucking fist pumps.
Are you kidding?
Listen, wait. I don't want to go there yet.
Let's tone it down.
I don't want to be too negative towards you guys, your Boston guys.
If I could have picked a lock in the second round,
I would have said Tampa over Boston for the simple fact that I thought
they were going to run out of gas.
I wasn't so concerned about the first game, boston ran away with tampa hadn't played
in what two weeks because they rolled through new jersey but i i just felt that they were gonna
gonna steamroll boston and and boys i hope i hope they shove it up my ass but i think you guys are
hooped if palat keeps playing like playing like this, that guy looks unbelievable.
That whole line is just dominating.
My buddy
had a crazy bet on Palat's
opening scoring
the other night. I want to say
he bet 5 and won
5,500.
Was he the same guy who tweeted at me?
He said
10 Canadian and he won 1,000.
So it had to have been 100 to win that Palatinate.
So it went from 5 to 5,500 to 10 to 1,000.
Wait up, wait up, wait up.
And I retweeted it, and then the kid deleted it.
And I was like, hey, look, don't tweet.
Don't put a fucking winning ticket on Twitter if you don't want it on Twitter.
I mean, I'm like, I wasn't trying to blow the kid's spot up.
I thought he wanted people to see it, and he deleted it, which is fine.
But it's like, man.
Did he show the ticket? No, I saw his. to blow the kid's spot up. I thought he wanted people to see it, and he deleted it, which is fine. But it's like, man. Did he show the ticket?
No, I saw his.
He took a screenshot.
I saw it.
So I'm reading the text.
I bet Palotta scored the first goal in tonight's game.
For some reason, the odds were way too good.
101 to 1 odds.
That had to be first two goals.
There's no way he would have been 101 for the first goal.
He scored two goals in the first two minutes. He won 5,500. It had to be. It had to be first two goals. There's no way he would have been 100-1 for the first goal. He scored two goals in the first two minutes.
He won 5,500.
It had to be.
It had to be.
It had to have been either two goals or the first two goals because no player would ever be.
You wouldn't even be 100-1 to score the first goal.
He's the buddy I did a documentary with.
He's not a liabetic.
He'll send me the stub.
No, I don't doubt you.
I'm just saying.
I'm just saying. I think you're not a gambler,
so I think you might be missing getting the lingo wrong.
But, yeah, if you get the receipt, show them.
So, anyways, yeah, the Bruins look like shit.
They need to step it up.
Again, Rask wasn't the problem.
I think the, what do you call it, the matchup problems.
Cooper's kind of probably outcoaching Bruce a little bit right now.
And the thing is, yeah, Boston's, well, Stammer got an empty net.
They're shutting down Cooch and Stammer, but their depth is so fucking good
they're getting toasted elsewhere.
Riley Nash, he was great all year.
The Bruins try to say he caught an air laceration.
He was clearly concussed at the end of the year,
and I think we're starting to see the effects of that a little
because he was a spark plug for them all year, and he's struggling a little bit.
I think that concussion slash air laceration, wink, wink, might be catching up with him a little bit.
But, yeah, not all the marbles, but, you know, biggest game of the year tomorrow night.
Yeah, and Rene Rencourt's already doing his four pumps.
Dude, take a hike.
I know I'm going to talk about this.
He's got to be the scapegoat of game three.
That wax face fuck.
Oh, boy.
I wouldn't go that far.
He was excited.
I felt like he got caught up in the moment,
and I just felt the four fist bumps with Pedro and Orr with the towel waving.
I feel like Rene threw off their feng shui and really fucked this one up.
They couldn't recover.
Two goals right off the hop, and he's accountable.
And that's what I like about Rene.
He better bring his shit in game four.
They're toast.
They are toast.
They got to get it going.
We need four game seven.
So if that one goes down 3-1, it's probably not good.
Speaking of tied series, Nashville is about 20 seconds away
from tying this one up. By the way, Pecorine has been absolutely outstanding tonight.
An unbelievable show he's put on. He hasn't given up a goal to this Jets roster. I think it was
the first time they didn't score a goal.
The first two periods they didn't score a goal. Obviously, they're going to get shut out.
This one's pretty much in the bag. 2- two um i'll tell you who's been an entertaining player in this series
i know i mentioned avidson's jump screen but he's been kind of held the skeleton a little bit pk man
he's either like he's always doing something out there i mean he just took a late kind of penalty
you know two two nothing it could have been a bad penalty they did kill most of it but he's got two
three two points two goals three assists five. I know he's like a dash five
or whatever, but he's been a difference
for them, I think.
Oh my God, dude. Winnipeg just scored.
Oh, just ha!
And you just said, if they fucking tie this up
already and I miss this bet, I'm going to
drive to South Boston and
fucking swivel you.
The dangers of life.
Look at that beard on line.
So, all right, it's 2-1 Nashville, 49.6 left.
It ain't over yet.
You brought up Shuban.
It's still a good series.
Why?
Like, okay, so I watched game three.
And before I get into Shuban, how about this stat?
Teams that faced a three-goal deficit were 0-28 in the 2018
playoffs until Winnipeg won after
being down 3-0 in Game 3.
They ended up winning 7-4.
So if Nashville holds on here, they could make
a right with themselves in the locker room that they should
have won both on the road in Winnipeg.
But with Subban, I'm watching
Game 3, right? When he touches the puck, the whole place
starts booing him. I'm not kidding you.
I was sitting on the couch with my buddy. I go,
he's going to score. Guaranteed he's going to
score. If you get booed like that on the
road, it's like, that's the best feeling
in the world as a player. You get booed at home
like I did, it sucks. That
was miserable. When people make signs,
trade Whitney at your own barn,
that blows. If you go on the road
and you get booed, it means you're a baller.
Like, why are they booing him?
I don't know.
I'm assuming it was because of the slash that he gave Line A or the cross check.
But still, I mean, it's like when the Penguins fans used to boo Yara Marriaga when he was on the Rangers.
We played him in the playoffs.
The guy would just, he'd get going.
He'd be better when they started booing him.
Like, stop booing him.
Be quiet when he touches the puck.
We'll be better off.
He's one of the few players in sports
who can draw that much attention to himself
and put him in those situations where, for instance,
he goes on the road and gets booed,
and his talent elevates.
To me, that's a special gift.
The gamer, dude.
Say what you want about him.
You might hate him.
You might hate how he draws all that
attention to himself and
how he carries himself.
To be
a showman like that and be able to
show up when you know everyone hates you
in the building, that takes
a special type of jam.
That's the kind of jam you want in your team.
That's borderline cocky confidence that he's
flirting with that line but he brings it hey when the bruins won the cup uh they beat the canadians
in overtime at game seven he tied it up with like a minute to go with a rocket one timer and just
and just gave a a shush to the whole crowd and that was like seven years ago wasn't it when the
bruins when was that 2011 so i mean that was early in years ago, wasn't it, when the Bruins? When was that, 2011?
So, I mean, that was early in his days in the NHL.
Rocket one time with a minute to go in game seven and shushes the crowd.
I was like, all right, this dude has what it takes to just be a complete gamer.
And I'm shocked that last year in playoffs, I felt like the Predators kind of shut him up because he was kind of trolling Crosby and those guys in the finals about the Listerine and bringing it to the rink and stuff.
As soon as they toned him down, it seemed like the series was done where they should have kept letting him go.
He was in Pittsburgh's kitchen.
And he's one of those guys that can do that type of stuff where it's not like hockey hates it, but he thrives off it.
And to me, that's what sells the tickets.
Whether you like it or not, he's getting those eyeballs.
I feel like he's one of those guys that the more people that he pisses off,
the happier he is.
He's like every old school hockey donkey is going to hate me,
and I love every second of it.
So it's pretty impressive, actually, to watch.
And, you know, we got a tie series here.
It's.3, one second left.
So if they end up tying this, it's going to be a legendary mush on myself.
But that should be another 2-2 series.
So if the Bruins can win, we'll have four 2-2 series.
In Winnipeg's case, Mark Scheifele, I know he's my man crush lately.
Going into this game, he had a five-game point streak of multi-points.
He had two or more points five games in a row.
So this is a guy who's on the cusp of becoming  oh, my God, line A.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
They actually got a chance.
Tie series, though, and Witt's 2-0 tonight.
Suck on that, haters.
How are you?
Hey, what's your run right now?
Are you 3-0 in the last three bats?
No, because I had the Bruins.
I had the Bruins in game three.
I was really confident, but I also had the Washington Nationals today.
Nice little 3-1 win.
A little afternoon baseball action for the boys.
You're turning to Portnoy.
You're desperate.
You're turning to Portnoy on us.
Hey, guys, I got to bring up something.
Let's hear it.
Do you know that sexual performance issues
are more common than you think?
I do, Ryan.
Over 25 of new ED cases are guys under 40, boys.
40 of men by age 40 struggle from not being able
to get and maintain an erection.
Stats guy.
That's a boner. Even the world's
greatest actors can't fake it.
And why do guys turn to weird solutions
or do nothing when they could turn instead
to medicine and science? You know what the
solution is, fellas? 4hims.com.
A one-stop shop
for hair loss, skin care, sectional
wellness, and all that good
stuff for men. Thanks to science, sectional wellness, and all that good stuff for men.
Thanks to science, ED can be optional.
HIMSS connects you with real doctors and medical-grade solutions to treat ED.
Well-known generic equivalents to name-brand prescriptions to help you combat ED. No snake oil, pills, or gas station counter supplements from China.
Prescription solutions backed by science.
No waiting room, no awkward doctor visits. Hey,
doc, I can't get this wrench going. Can you help
me out? No line. Save hours by
going to 4hims.com. It's so easy.
Being your best means
performing your best. I'll tell you that
for free. No in-person doctor
visits. I promise you, not anymore.
It's erectile without the dysfunction.
Try HIMS for a
month today for just 5.
We'll get you started for just 5 while supplies last.
See website for full details.
This will cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or pharmacy, maybe even thousands.
Go to 4hims.com slash hockey.
That's 4hims.com slash hockey.
F-O-R-H-I-M-S.com slash hockey.
Boom.
How was that, guys?
What a read.
Hey, is it good for 4hims that I just got hard while reading that?
It's no better endorsement.
Spank it in your spirit.
All right, guys.
We're approaching.
We talked to our listeners about what they were looking for in the link to podcast.
We appreciate the feedback.
I mean, you know, sometimes when we're just going, it'll go an hour and a half.
We're going to try to keep it between an hour and hour, 10 minutes.
I think we'd always want to kind of keep you guys wanting more as opposed to getting the content and our whole action a little stale.
But, Biz, there's one thing I need to bring up since we're post-series.
You and Daniel Carcillo on the Twitter machine.
Yeah.
What the hell is he talking about?
Okay, so I guess I'll start from the beginning.
I played with Carcillo in the American Hockey League in Wilkes-Barre.
He was drafted by Pittsburgh.
Go ahead.
Why don't you retell the story that I made you tell the first time you came on,
how I walked into my first training camp and saw you guys at center ice yeah we scrapped man we
were listen you know i i like to mix it up i was competitive and so did he he was a pest and junior
you know for many people who know daniel carcillo and his time in junior and professional hockey, you know, he was one of those edgy players.
You know, there's a lot of controversial hits, a lot of dirty plays.
And that's the way he played.
That's the way he made a living.
Now, God, I don't even know where to fucking go with this.
Why don't you explain the exchange on Twitter?
Okay, but I have to back it up.
So two weeks ago, I was in Australia.
And if everyone's been following Dan Carcillo on social media,
he's been very aggressive about the CTE, the brain injuries,
and the trauma, and what they can cause in the future.
Like I said, when he played, he was a very dirty player.
He's grown up a lot.
He met his wife now.
He's had a kid.
After he retired, or maybe in his last season,
a really unfortunate incident happened when Steve Monador,
who suffered from concussions and dealt with a lot of depression,
he committed suicide. He was one of Dan's best friends. And that I'm assuming with what he's,
Dan has done afterward that hit him really hard. And I commend Dan on spending the last two and a
half years of his life researching learning about cte and and brain
injuries and what it can cause and trying to educate educate people on that so he's he's been
going on twitter and doing that type of thing and and keep in mind i'm 100 in belief that brain
trauma and the heads to the head will cause cte. I'm not denying that. And I am totally down for everyone being educated on it.
So fast forward, or I guess rewind in today's case,
to two weeks ago I was in Australia.
And on Twitter, Dan wrote to me and he said,
hey, Biz, why don't you chime in?
You know a lot about brain injury
considering you played in that role
and you probably delivered it, or something of that context and i replied to him i was like i was
like hey carsey i'm like i really don't know much about it i haven't researched it i couldn't even
tell you what the letters cte stand for you couldn't even spell it but i'm but i'm aware of
what's going on right now after i replied that he direct messaged me and he says, Hey,
do you feel handcuffed because you work for an NHL team that you can't talk
about this whole CTE thing?
And then the fact that the league is denying it's even correlated.
Listen,
the league's denying it for obvious reasons that I don't have to say.
If you can't figure out why the league is denying cte and its correlation then you should
have probably stopped listening this podcast before it began so he mentioned i said hey listen i i
don't know much about it come on the podcast talk about it i'd love to chat with you and educate
people on this topic and he wrote back awesome i can't wait i want to educate people on this topic. And he wrote back, awesome. I can't wait. I want to
educate people. People need to hear. I've been studying this for two and a half years. So I get
back from Australia. I've had a ton of stuff going on with trying to release the documentary,
get this thing going with you guys and other personal stuff. So the other night when that
hit happened with Wilson, when Trotz and Sullivan
were going back and forth I was saving quotes and I saved one of them by a writer out east
and Carsey came at me and called me a phony because it one of the tweets was related to
the Wilson hit and assumed that I probably was okay with the hit because Trotz said that
but I wanted to see the quote to say on the podcast.
So you liked a tweet that said Trott's quote didn't take the hit was bad.
Correct.
And now I like things to save them so I can go back and read on them.
It's a poor name.
And sometimes I like things because I like them.
But there's no correlation.
It doesn't mean I endorse it because I like it.
It means because I want to save it and maybe go back
to it or you said something nice.
Exactly. I do the same too. It's like a bookmark,
Paul, even though Twitter now has a bookmark
to further confuse the issue.
Right. Thank you, R.A.
People have been saying, hey, why don't you just bookmark it?
Well, guess what? I don't want to take
another step just to make you
feel comfortable so you don't have to jump
to conclusions and rag on me because you think I agree or endorse what that person said.
Fuck off.
The world's too sensitive.
Fuck you if you think that.
I'm going to keep liking them and that's the way I'm going to do it.
So when he attacked me, I was in shock.
I was like, man, I literally talked to you two fucking weeks ago about coming on the podcast because I wanted to give you a platform to talk about what you've been
passionate about.
Why you call me a phony bro.
He called me a phony when,
when a lot of people had been denying him and blocking him and are sick of
the way he's been handling it.
And I can sympathize with the way he's handling it because I'm sure a lot of
people who are affiliated with the league can't step in because it's their jobs.
They're working for the league and they're basically in a legal confrontation whether CTE is correlated.
For the same reason that now I can't come on and interview him.
But I'm going to take the high road here and say I appreciate and respect what he's done.
I want him to keep educating people on it
if someone doesn't think a hit's dirty or not it doesn't mean they don't think that ct is correlated
with it stop attacking people online and i've talked to you guys and i'm willing to give him
a platform and he can come on on the end of next podcast and talk for as long as you want about the
subject he studied for two and a half years which which I agree is correlated in how it all makes sense,
and I appreciate the fact that he's done it.
But don't call me a fucking phony.
I'm a guy's guy.
I'm the one guy who gave him the outlet.
Why are you laughing, Grinelli?
Guy's guy is such a great word.
It's a great term to describe you time to describe you you are you are
a guy's guy and and I and I feel bad for him but I just feel like he's going about the wrong way
he attacked he went after Roanoke tonight he went after uh Rivers he went after Prost listen if the
players think the hit's clean it's it's a different subject. Stop attacking guys. Come on the podcast. Educate people about it.
I don't want to get in a battle with the
NHL. I can't afford
lawyers. I didn't
give Sidney Crosby outlet
passes and collect paychecks.
Whit?
I actually
can't afford lawyers.
Chip off the glasses that he would pick up.
Wasn't even necessarily tape to tape.
Yeah, exactly.
Clear tape to clear tape.
And I shouldn't have overreacted on Twitter.
I was, I was so shocked.
And then his rebuttal to me was that was two weeks ago.
I assume people would move faster when dealing with human issues.
I have not devoted the last two and a half years of my life to this.
I,
I want them on the podcast and I totally forgot we'd even had that
conversation.
If you would have saw my tweet and message me via text and said,
Hey,
when am I coming on the podcast?
I would have said,
Oh yeah,
shit.
Carsey.
Yeah.
Come on next week.
So yeah,
I don't know what else to say other than i appreciate
what he's done i just feel like he's going about it the wrong way he's turning a lot of people off
and and then and then these idiots started coming after me like i fucking was commenting on the
wilson head i was like you fucking morons i didn't say a word about it and they're and then all the
responses were like oh yes i i hadn't read into it
i i apologize it's just like well then fucking read into it all you need to do is hit the buttons
and go back and read it's not that hard reading comprehension yeah he's and he's well well-meaning
biz like you know he's been through a lot and you know he may be faring he may be excuse me may have
it himself given his career and you know he took a lot of punches to the head and yeah he's just his method isn't isn't the best right now for trying to
get people to rally to his cause um one uh i just i just think man there's gonna be dirty hits like
i don't know what i i don't know if cars wants hitting to go away or i don't really know what
his end goal is besides to educate people but dude when we're gone and the NHL's around in 50 years or fuck I'd love to live another 50 but
it's it's gonna be the same arguments man like it's a fast physical game that's only getting
faster people are gonna get hit in the head people know what's going on now it's a little
different people now know especially in the NFL and the
NHL, I got a chance of having big time brain issues in my future. And guys are still going
to agree to play. They love hockey. They'll do whatever it takes to be in the NHL. So I respect
what he's doing, like you said, but you got to understand that a lot of people don't really care
that that's that's a kind of a blunt way to say it. But a lot of people don't really care and that that that's that's a kind of a blunt way to say it but a lot
of people don't where i i deal with things daily based on what happened to me while i was planning
and that's fine i i assume that risk and i i understand that there's a correlation to me doing
that and problems down the road but i made a lot of money doing that and not that much
enough where where i think listen i was given that opportunity i don't want to comment on the
lead side of things but carsey made a lot of money to run around and cause a lot of ruckus
and if he wants to fight that fight, I congratulate him.
I support him on doing that.
I don't want to join it.
Yeah, that's fair.
That's fair.
Don't ridicule me for not wanting to join your fight.
You've dedicated your life to that now
because of things that have happened in your life.
I respect that.
But don't drag me in and call me a phony about it.
That's fucking insane.
Kind of like a frat party. You don't want to join join you just want to go drink the beer yeah exactly um all right and
as we wrap this up guys as we wrap this up um so listen we got we got a lot i i got i got a bunch
of phone call not not phone calls i got texts from my friends who listen and i got some tweets that the our my audio was a joke last week i was it sounded like i was in a wind tunnel blah blah
blah listen we're new to we're new to us for recording um each time via the internet i do
have a microphone people like what's he on his eye is a fucking nokia with snake on it no i'm on a
microphone dude i'm learning how to'm on a microphone, dude.
I'm learning how to talk into a microphone.
That hasn't been great.
But for all listeners out there,
we do apologize that it's not as crystal clear because I'm right on board.
When I listen to a podcast or a radio show
and the audio sucks, it is annoying.
But we're going to get it figured out
as we get a little better, we get a new program.
I learn how to use a mic.
I move into a new house. I'm going to set up my office and get a little better we get a new program i learn how to use a mic i move into
our a new house i'm going to set up my office and get a nice mic hanging from the ceiling
it'll be fucking beautiful so we're working on it so when it is bad audio we apologize
but listen just help us out a little bit don't be chirping me via twitter i get chirped enough
in my everyday daily life so i don't need you coming to me telling me I sound like I'm in a wind tunnel.
I got big ears.
I was told I have a good mic.
So everyone says sounds great.
So I hope this episode's better,
but we'll be working on it.
And I guarantee you by at least the summer when everything,
you know,
when we can kind of take some time,
actually,
maybe when we go to the offices and we figure everything out,
we can kind of get a little more settled in.
But for now,
when the audio is bad, just listen and fucking enjoy it.
Say audio one more time.
I love you guys.
I love you guys.
I got to go to sleep.
Thank you for letting me talk about the Carcillo incident.
Once again, I respect what he's doing.
And you guys have agreed.
We're going to give him our platform to educate everyone on what he's been studying for two and a half years.
I meant no ill will by liking that tweet.
I was fucking rattled when he called me a phony because I'm the opposite.
Even though he's been attacking everyone, I still reached out to him and said, hey, come on the podcast and talk about what you've learned.
And I was fucking on that note.
I'm going to I'm going to end it with a quick story about Dustin Bufflin.
This is a secondhand story.
I don't know whether it's true.
I'm going to hope we get confirmation at some point.
So when he first started out in Chicago,
he was having weight issues and I don't think that's any surprise to anyone.
Everybody knows about the past.
He's a legend.
He's a legend. and so apparently one summer
they they wanted him away from home to come train in chicago and the i don't know who the gm at the
time was and he called him in and said hey i want you on a diet i want you eating well
sure sure sure so he was while he was in chicago training he ended up going to a cubs game and like
getting into some beers and stuff.
And sure enough, he went outside and ended up getting, like, this big street meat, Schwarges board, and just starts scarfing it down.
Yeah, so he's, like, dialed into it, just eating, eating, eating,
like, face in it.
And all of a sudden, he hears his name called, and he turns around,
and it was the GM.
name called and he turns around and it was the gm he saw he saw him scarfing down the smorgasbord street meet two less than two weeks after he called in there to basically lose weight hey
hey when when am i rookie here in the nhl i started in the ahl and after the season ended
i got sent back to the ahl for playoffs but i was like dude i just had 38 points in the nhl i started in the ahl and after the season ended i got sent back to the ahl for
playoffs but i was like dude i just had 38 points in the show i'm going back to the minor league
playoffs hope we lose first round i can go to coachella dude so i was getting mcdonald's
pancakes you know they're like called hot cakes i was getting them and bringing them to the rink
and just pouring syrup all over them and eating them. I don't know what I was thinking.
Who the fuck am I to bring in McDonald's
to pregame skate and Terry
and he came down. He wasn't even
the coach, dude, because he was already the pit
coach. Are you fucking kidding me?
Eating fucking McDonald's?
Fucking eating McDonald's with syrup?
You're fucking pouring the syrup all over the fucking
pancakes? You fucking slob.
Look at your body.
By the way, that's my Mexican-French accent. I gotta go to sleep.
I love you guys.
I like that one.
I wouldn't go so far as to call him a fag.
Piece of shit. Coward.
Have a great weekend, everyone. Let me run with you tonight
I'll take you on a moonlight ride
