Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Black Buffalo.
Guys, you know I'm not a huge tobacco guy out there, but that's why Black Buffalo is great.
It's the only tobacco-free dip that delivers the same experience as traditional smokeless products,
just without the tobacco leaf or stem, so you don't have to worry about all those problems that come with it the taste the texture the rich dark color and yeah
the nicotine you can keep the ritual but ditch the tobacco great stuff black buffalo makes tobacco
free long cut and pouches at the factory down south and the flavors of wintergreen mint and
straight i'm a big wintergreen guy myself try the mint not a big straight guy but i like a little
flavor the pouches are out of stock but you can buy and pre-order them now the peach long cut is coming
back soon as well black buffalo sells exclusively on their website with free shipping head to
blackbuffalo.com and use the code chicklets that's c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s for 20 of your first order
follow them on all social media at blackBuffaloInc for updates, discounts, and
badass content. Born in the Midwest,
raised in the South, charge ahead with
Black Buffalo. Hello everybody. Welcome to episode 82 of Spitting Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Say hello to super-producer Mikey Grinelli.
Hello, gentlemen.
Wild Ryan Whitney.
How are ya?
Let's show what his blood alcohol content is tonight, but in our boy out in the desert, Biz Nasty 3.0.
Good evening.
Good evening, Mr. Phelps.
All right, tonight, we'll get to a little later, but Pittsburgh knocked,
I'm sorry, Pittsburgh did not knock anybody out.
They got knocked out.
They're bid for three straight.
You're just trolling me, dude.
I wasn't even.
I'm just a little slow today.
And once again, we're watching the game as we record.
Nashville presently has a 2-0 lead with 18.35 left in the second.
In Winnipeg, trying to force a game seven.
So, Biz, kick it off, brother.
What do you got for us?
Well, we're going to start off with Boston-Tampa.
That series is  see you later.
What are we going to talk about now?
I don't get it.
Oh, God. You're fucking crazy. I don't get it. Oh, God.
You're fucking crazy.
I don't get your fucking grandpa jokes.
Anyway.
Fuck all that one.
Let's get down to business.
We got some business.
Boston to Tampa.
Boston won game one.
I was not phased.
I stayed right on course.
I called this one all the way.
And Tampa just absolutely dummied them.
R.A., what are your overall thoughts and, I guess, this one all the way. And Tampa just absolutely dummied them.
R.A., what are your overall thoughts and, I guess,
emotions towards this end of the season for the Bruins?
You know, I marinate on my thoughts for a day or so.
Let it marinate, guy.
I'm a big marinate guy.
I'm not even going to tell you any of the A's. No, you know what?
The Bruins, they had a great year, man.
A lot of people, so-called experts, like in quotes,
had them not even go into the playoffs.
I personally did.
You know, they looked to me like a team that was a little out of gas,
but Tampa dummied them.
Tampa just was stronger on defense, stronger in goaltending.
Their forward depth was so much better.
The Bruins got no secondary score, and they had to rely on that top line,
and they couldn't do it every night.
I mean, there's no shame in losing to Tampa Bay. I mean, it sucks because you get your hopes up and, you know, the Toronto series definitely took something out of them. I just don't think
we saw the best out of the Bruins very much in that series because they just were going against
a team who didn't have to play as much. And Tampa's better, man. We saw it. And the elephant
in the room, I know we bitched about the referee in all series.
But listen, you don't lose a series 4-1 because of referees.
I mean, and the referees, you can't even say they cost them a victory.
I mean, they missed the penalty on the Kucherov knock on McAvoy down.
But it was still tied for seven minutes.
And fucking Bruce Cassidy still had Gionta and Donato together on the ice together three minutes into overtime, which was like, what are you doing?
This guy hasn't played.
And I hate, you know, I hate disparage.
Like, it's not like I disparage players
because I get all the respect in the world for you guys.
Like, you know, I say that every time.
Well, because I do.
But if you read my shit over the years, I never make personal personal attacks
unless your name's Matt Cook or fucking Rafi Torres.
I mean, I'm always respectful about criticizing guys.
And the guy hadn't played in a month.
He's 39 years old.
I mean, he hadn't really played much the last couple of years.
He played nine minutes a month ago. Now you're
going to put him in the biggest game of the year. It just looked like
an overthinking, overcoaching.
But hats off to Tampa, man. They're a great team.
I'm really happy you said
that when you lose
4-1, it wasn't the refs. I mean, God,
living in Boston,
like, Jesus Christ, with the refs.
The refs weren't great. They haven't been great in any series.
You got dummied.
Biz, did you say dummied?
Dominated.
Whatever you said.
I mean, Tampa is just a way better team.
And once again, I was wrong.
I'm 0 for 3.
I'm going to go 0 for 4.
If Nashville loses, are they winning right now?
Yeah, they're up 2-0.
And Winnipeg actually is on the
power play right now. Plenty of time left.
17 minutes left. Keep me updated on that.
I'm on Nashville, but I had Pittsburgh tonight.
Shocker.
I get away from myself.
The refs are the refs.
The missed call was bad against McAvoy.
That's not the game, though. You're right.
It was tied.
The issue was just five on five.
I mean, I don't think they scored a goal since
did they score a goal in the last four games?
I think they went four games without a five-on-five goal.
A five-on-five goal.
And they had zero pressure in the offensive zone.
They never could get any, like, secondary chances or sustained pressure.
And Tampa just kept coming in waves.
Dude, that Yanni Gord is no joke.
He's a gamer.
He's a pain in the ass to play against.
He's a truck.
So is that Paquette.
Is that Paquette like a tough guy?
Modern day.
I would say he's a modern day tough guy.
Would you have fought him if he was in the minors?
Or was he not fighting guys like you?
I don't know. I don't think I
ever played against him, but he plays that role well.
He's a great role player,
especially on that team.
He has enough skill
where he can help out on
a depth line. Now, I just
wanted to touch on the fact that
Boston did deal with a ton of
adversity through this round.
Of course, with the nagging injuries to some guys,
of course, Backus in the last game,
I mean, probably at that point wasn't a huge loss,
but still nonetheless, we'll get into that later.
Crude going down the game before.
The refereeing definitely didn't go in their favor,
but I think that ultimately you make your own breaks,
and Tampa just controlled the play a ton. and when you have the puck on your stick,
chances are you're going to get the calls.
Fuck, I almost.
You forgot the biggest one, Biz.
Dude.
What do you mean?
The guy who was leaving that they tried to win it for, Rene.
He was leaving.
It was his last season.
I mean, that was.
We're going to get to that.
Fuck, all right.
Can I fucking talk?
Fucking Christ.
I'll tell you, dude.
It looked like you were struggling, dude.
I was trying to throw you a bone, bro.
I was going to say the biggest thing to me was it's amazing how that first-round
matchup ended up kind of screwing over Boston in helping Tampa,
and it all came down to that last game of the season against each other
that they had to make up.
It was against Florida.
Boston lost to Florida that game.
Correct.
But they also had a make-up game right before that, did they not?
I think the make-up game was the last game of the year against the Panthers.
And they had to win that game, and they lost.
And they lost.
And then they ended up getting a tough first-round matchup against the Leafs,
and then Tampa got to walk all over New Jersey.
So, to me, that made a huge difference, and I thought that they blew their load,
especially considering that Boston relies so heavily on their top-end guys,
and Tampa, they're off to the conference finals with only 10 games played.
Yeah, they look really, really  they're so fast.
Braden Point, dude, talk about being a gamer.
The guy minus five in game one.
I think that was since the last podcast.
And then he just ripped it up the rest of the series,
playing against the top line too.
Hedman and Strahlman, even Girardi was good this series.
Yes, he was.
But Hedman and Strahlman, Iardi was good this series. Yes, he was. But Hedman and Strauman. I mean, Strauman's steady
Eddie out there. Steady Eddie
Belfort, even though that's a goalie. I just
was trying to think of someone named Eddie.
But basically, Hedman just
runs the show. 28 minutes a
game. Dude, how does
that guy skate so fast? He's like
6'7". He's flying around like somebody
who's 5'10". So that team's
built to win it all. Callahan
on the fourth line, even though
he got his face
licked from bottom to top
by Martian. We'll get into that.
That fourth line with Kunitz,
they make a huge difference. So
Tampa was a better team. They're a better team.
And the Bruins, they couldn't break out of their
own end. I've never seen so many turnovers in their own end.
It was just turnover.
They couldn't get any rhythm going.
And what?
Oh, my.
Dude, sorry.
Nashville 3-0.
Avidsson between the legs in front of the net, dude.
You've got to see the fucking highlight.
Oh, like a filthy goal?
Yeah, like just embarrassing.
Speaking of filthy, I think we should maybe get into that lick,
which is weird.
We didn't even talk about Marshawn the first round kissing Komarov
because to me it was like, oh, it's classic Marshawn.
It's not even that big of a deal.
But then things have been getting greasier and greasier out there,
and he decides to lick callahan's face
i was so i was literally like oh my god dude if i did that to my wife my bank account would be
cut in half i'd be divorced let alone do it to some guy in an nhl game i can't believe
callahan didn't like go fucking psychotic right when it happened and try to dunk him.
Well, he was in shock.
He was in shock, but, like, dude, that's, like, worse than getting spit in the face, I feel.
Like, a straight-up lick, like, chin to nose, dude.
The picture, forever in time, that picture now sits in Callahan's life
as just a tongue up his snout from Brad Marchand.
All right, what are the people of Boston saying about this?
Idiots in the radio, which I don't even listen to sports radio in this town anymore, really.
They call it up saying they should trade him.
And then you got people saying it was sexual assault.
And then you got people who have actually been sexual assaulted saying,
no, that's offensive to sexual assault victims. well well it's funny it's a work environment
it's definitely like i mean you guys it's it's it's on the ice but it's still your workplace
and for how i mean if you're in an office and someone comes up and licks your face it's
it's it could be sexual harassment that in that arena you know it was definitely weird um i mean
i didn't i wasn't bothered by it but what i don't get is why the fucking refs didn't just blow him for fucking unsportsmanlike.
Because if I hadn't read the rule and it says, like, you know, unsportsmanlike is anything of the following, including but not limited to hair pulling, biting.
I was like, hey, shout out 2011 Vancouver Canucks grabbing the face mask.
And it was like, well, and it said, et cetera.
It's like, well, the football.
Huh?
What do you mean grabbing the grab hold of a face mask? Like, that well and it said etc it's like well the football huh what do you mean grabbing
the grab hold of a face mask like if that's what it said you you can't grab hold of a face mask
that can be on sports like but what i'm getting at was the rule to me was open to interpretation
the ref could say fuck it get in the box for doing that two minutes for unsportsmanlike like
they can't take it back they can't rescind it after the game the league might say oh you can't
penalize them for licking.
But at least the referees would have forced the fucking NHL's hand,
and they could have nipped this in the bud.
Then what happens, it becomes like the end of Slapshot when Ned Braden's.
All right, all right, all right, all right.
Sorry, dude.
I'm fired up.
I'm going high on pressure.
No shit.
Like, don't.
I'm not blaming anybody for the way it was handled.
A guy licked a guy in the face in an NHL game.
Everybody was in fucking shock
it was shocking like like i saw it on twitter and i'm thinking wow like thanks brad marshall
now we get shit to talk about and and that's why i love the move is because it's it's just
pure drama get to get the clicks that the page views the licks and hear me out so I'm on Twitter when this happens
and I was on the main page
and I was reading about how DJ Khaled
said in an interview
that he doesn't eat his wife out
and then all of a sudden I go back to
my page like all the people
I follow and then all of a sudden
it's showing clips of Marsha
licking this guy's face and that's when I sent out that
tweet of like holy shit what are the chances of the day that DJ Khali says he doesn't eat his wife's pussy, that Marshawn licks an NHL guy in the face?
Like the stars aligned.
You had like, what, 15,000 retweets?
Well, I just, yeah, I just, that was my moment, Alisa.
Grinnelli, what do you got?
I don't really give a shit.
I don't really give a shit.
I think Marshawn's the man.
I think he can do whatever the fuck he wants. He's the biggest troll in the NHL. So I don't really give a shit. I don't really give a shit. I think Marshawn's the man. I think he can do whatever the fuck he wants.
He's the biggest troll in the NHL.
So I don't care.
I think Marshawn's awesome for the NHL.
I think he's great for it.
He gets people talking about it.
And at the end of the day, that's really all that matters.
So that's the one factor where like apparently Biz, when they showed the replay on the, I
don't know, was anyone at the game?
Were any of you guys at the game?
No.
So, but I read that
when they showed the replay
on the big screen,
like the guard went nuts
when they like went in close,
saw out of the lick.
So I could see people like,
and in Martian's defense,
not that there is defense.
I was at the game.
I just completely forgot I was there.
Did that happen?
Did the place go nuts?
Yeah,
but I was really fucked up.
So I don't remember.
You don't remember.
You don't remember the rally.
I saw you that night.
I was in pain.
Raleigh was beaten off to it hey but like i i just so when the crowd goes nuts you got to think like all right marshall he's just all he wants to do is rattle people and he's like i found
i'm just thinking of another way he just found like another way just to piss people off and
basically he had the league make a rule. You can't do it anymore.
I think Colin Campbell  and Colin Campbell is like a  he gives guys shit in direct manner.
You know what I'm saying, Biz?
He's a no-bullshitter.
I bet he was like, what the fuck are you doing?
Cut the shit.
Like, why are you licking people?
We're the biggest story in sports right now
because we have players licking each other in the face.
And that's why I'm not mad at it, putting hockey on the map.
You know ESPN is probably going to show that, and they don't fucking show any hockey.
Now, I guess  thank God Callahan was in shock like that because I don't know.
It depended on what situation I was in.
I might have quickly uppercutted him, and he would have been missing his tongue.
Now  I was going to say, how did nobody try to  yeah, if you're Callahan,
even next game, dude, I feel like I would be like,
I want to end this guy's career.
He'd lick me in the face.
It seemed like the refs were letting him because, like,
the refs seemed like their hands were tied.
Like, they were afraid to call it on sportsman.
I'm sure they were like, okay, well,
we'll just let Callahan punch him in the face a few times.
Maybe he'd just lick him right back. Yeah, it's just, like, okay, we'll just let Callahan punch him in the face a few times. Maybe he just licked him right back.
Yeah, it's just like I said, I think the NHL could have nipped it in the bud earlier
just by having just how the reps call for unsportsmanlike.
But it's just funny how everyone's like, this is ruining hockey.
Like, oh, this is disgusting.
It has no place in the game.
And meanwhile, like guys are getting fucking conniptions because their brains
is fucking synapsing on them.
But let's jump to the one major thing we haven't discussed and it's uh renee rancourt he's now uh officially
i know how wet feels about it uh uh wedding singer heaven it was uh it was guys not literally
it was a little bittersweet i thought when he gave it four fist pumps in game three, it was too much.
I was like, oh wow, I was actually shocked
and I didn't feel good
about the B's after that and then
of course in game four when he doubles
down and does five, it just seemed
a little desperate to me and
he just, you know,
he got a little older and
couldn't finish strong.
I mean, dude, he got a little older and just, you know, couldn't finish strong. I mean, dude, he did five because he's, like, never done five, I bet.
And it's his last game.
So he's like, look at me.
It's no surprise.
He could probably try to say it was because it was game five.
I mean, dude, every dog has their day.
Every single person reaches a date when they're no longer relevant or needed
in every business except for, like, like you own Facebook or some shit.
You realize he retired on his own, right?
He didn't just get like kicked out.
You don't think there was some like inside maybe like, dude, it's time.
Time's up.
Yeah, right.
He would went public with that.
And there would have been no one.
Why would he ever retire?
Nobody would be there.
What do you need rest from?
His retirement's been a
long time coming. They've been talking
about it behind the scenes for years. That's why they've been auditioning
so many other singers the last couple years, trying
to find a new one. Hey, I have a
question. Is it true that he doesn't stick around
for the games? He just goes home
after? I would bet no chance.
I don't know, but I would bet no way.
He's got a gig in Revere at like the Squire or something like that.
I heard, or I think I might have read it on Twitter, that he shows up.
He does his mental preparation.
He goes to his oxygen room.
He gets a little rubbed down from the trainers.
I actually heard, too, that Chara couldn't get massaged before game three
because he had a little groin issue bugging him because him because you know he tiptoes off on that carpet he pulled something
earlier in round one but uh and then obviously he he does his meditation out in the hallway that's
when the remember i told you in worcester when the kid came and talked to him and he went banana
lance uh and then he finally belts it out and then a couple fist bumps. By then he's probably
exhausted and he doesn't want to stick around for the
game because he's already performed his
show. Speaking of, you know Yanni Good, we were
just talking about singers. You know he's named
after the singer Yanni or the
flutist Yanni. Remember the dude with the mustache years
ago? Is that a fact or are you just
making that up? Doc Emmerich dropped it on
air the other day. It's not an R.A. fact.
It's a doc fact.
Doc facts are legit, dude.
Legit.
Really?
That is the worst fucking thing I've ever heard, dude.
Like saying that you're not eating pussy makes you masculine.
That's like the fucking stupidest thing I've ever heard.
Like, I'm a man.
I don't eat pussy.
It's like, wait, what?
I mean, all right.
I'm pretty sure that he's not like the majority there.
Like, that's not much of a hot take.
I mean, he's a fucking, who ever said that before?
Oh, that's been, that's a big like hood hot guy type thing.
Like, you know, like there's a lot of, well, rap guys, whatever.
Like, man, I don't, I don't eat pussy.
Like, they think there's like something feminine.
The Sopranos actually did a bit on that.
I mean, it was the Sopranos, but talking about going down a girl makes you like fucking because you
eat a pussy you are a pussy basically that's the sopranos was the way to look at it that's such a
macho man's insecurity that's such a joke if you're if you're one of those types of guys that
were no hey there's some guys who don't like getting blowjobs either.
No, I'm serious.
Like, those people exist.
Either way, Boston, smell you later.
And Tampa, Washington is going to be  I'm not that excited for that.
Let's not talk about that. Boys, boys, Washington Pitt.
Let's stick to the second round here.
Right?
So, Ove finally beat Sid.
What do you guys think?
You guys called it.
You guys both called it.
I thought that Pittsburgh would at least
4-7, hence my bet tonight.
I had them in regulation
too, so I figured 100
they're going to win in overtime.
You guys said it before. They're going to do it until they don't. regulation too so i figured a hundred percent they're gonna win in overtime i mean you guys
said it before it's i mean they're gonna do it until they don't so it finally you know the time
had come biz you said they were underrated on nobody's talking about them all year another
true fact crosby was on the ice for 12 of the last 13 penguins goals he did all he could do
um washington just has a they have a good team that's rounding into form. Holpe looks
unbelievable. And
LeTang's catching some heat. He
made some funky plays throughout the series.
But just overall,
Pittsburgh played over 300 games
in the last three years. I mean, that's
just so much hockey. And
it's so hard to continue to do it at this
level. Two in a row hadn't been done since the
late 90s. Three in a row since't been done since the late 90s.
Three in a row since the early 80s.
May never again happen.
And what's exciting is we will not have a Bruins.
I'm sorry.
We will not have a Blackhawks, Kings, Penguins title this year.
We're going to get a new team in the mix.
But congrats to the Capitals and their fans.
They deserve it.
I will say tonight, they did it.
They did it.
Oh, the Caps here.
Dude, you're halfway there.
Like, whole, settle down here.
Let's set-see here.
You have eight of the 16 wins.
Like, yeah, you beat Pittsburgh finally, but, I mean,
let's not start screaming that it's like a lock that they're going to win the cup.
All right, what do you feel?
Yeah, just jumping on Ryan's point, I think the Washingtonhington teams like the baseball basketball football and hockey i think they were like a combined 0 and 13
in like games that would take them to the conference finals and each respect the sport
so they finally broke through i think that's probably why they're so elated and it's just
been a jinx it's been what 19 i think they said 19 years since they've even been to a conference
final and it's a long time coming man ovechkin's been there for a 19, I think they said 19 years since they've even been to a conference final. And it's a long time coming, man.
Ovechkin's been there for a while, you know, and they've had to watch Sid win, you know, what, three cups now.
But, you know, you got to tip your hats at Pittsburgh, what they've done.
Like, again, to piggyback what Ryan said, that's a hell of a run.
I mean, that's the best run its team's had in 20 years since the Red Wings.
Actually, yeah, from the back-to-back factor, I mean, three in a row would have been impressive as hell.
I just  you're going against, you know, so much fucking games you've played.
I would say 300 in the last three years.
That's crazy.
Over.
And the fact that Sid is still producing just shows you how good of a player he is.
But, you know, I mean, like I said, Holpe was locked in.
He was the difference in this series.
He was much better than Matt Murray.
I thought a couple games Murray really wasn't that great.
A couple times, I think he got
beaten on the same type of breakaway. He
opened up a real wide five hole. He just wasn't
anywhere close to the level Hope
he was in. Yeah, I'm not surprised.
I think I had Washington in six. It might have
been seven, but yeah, I
had them moving on and they didn't.
I can't wait to see them in Tampa.
It's going to be a pretty great series.
I thought Pitt ran out of gas.
They really had no secondary scoring.
Broussard just really didn't get it done.
Man, Phil Kessel didn't look like Phil Kessel.
You didn't hear his name that much.
No, he just wasn't as dominant as in years past.
Of course, with Malkin coming off that injury.
I just had a gut instinct.
Here's a fun fact for you.
Alexander Ovechkin has no OT winners in playoff history.
Really?
Yeah.
I don't think Lemieux, Messier, or Gretzky did either.
I know there was like a list of great players.
They were just blowing teams out like 8-3 in the playoffs.
Crosby and Goetzel were unbelievable.
I just thought that they were carrying way too much the load.
R.A., you got Holpe's numbers.
And keep in mind, Holpe didn't start the first two games of these playoffs.
Yeah, his playoff numbers.
I wasn't able to get him for just the Pittsburgh series.
But right now he's got, what, 8-3 with a 9-2-6 and a 2-0-4.
You know, pretty solid stuff for the playoffs.
I mean, obviously, Marc-Andre Fleury, the lead, well, we'll get to him later,
but he's at the top.
And, you know, Matt Murray, he was great the last two years,
but this year, 6-6 with a 9-0-8 and a 2-4-3.
I mean, a 9-0-8, say percentage, you're not going to get too far in the playoffs with that.
And I think, again, that was the difference, man.
When your goaltender doesn't match the other end,
and we saw it in the Boston series too,
Russ didn't lose that series for them,
but there were games he could have been a little better
and might have swung a game here or there.
But, you know, I hope he's going to be tough to beat, man.
He's just, like I said, we saw this his first playoffs 2012.
He just, he locks in and he's the last guy at Washington.
We'll probably have to worry about going here from going on in.
Now they just got to hope their forwards and D go.
Whit, I want to get your thoughts on John Carlson.
Doesn't really get talked about a ton and he's been lights out this playoffs.
I thought he's probably been the, I would say the second best defenseman in these playoffs other than Buff.
Buff.
Big Buff.
Carlson.
Carlson's about to get paid.
Touching.
Dude.
Paid.
What do they do?
Aaron Hernandez style?
Probably not the best guy to bring up.
John Carlson, dude, he skates.
He has a rocket from the point.
Skates very well.
Head up all the time.
I mean, yeah, it looks pretty easy being at the top of the umbrella
and dishing over to Obi who's just rifling one-timer's shelf.
But still, it's all about every time giving it to him in the same spot.
Guys like it in the same area in terms of ripping a one-timer.
Obi's no different.
I mean, he can kind of shoot it from everywhere,
but he plays a shitload of minutes.
I'm wondering, like, I feel like he  I mean, I don't know,
but I'm hearing, I've always kind of heard he really likes it there.
He plays a huge role.
So, like, Washington, do they give a big push to try to keep him? They have a lot of money tied up.
Orlov got a huge deal last summer for 30 million.
Orpik makes a good amount of money.
So you're wondering what will happen if they'll be able to re-sign him.
But he's certainly only proven.
He has a legitimate gripe about not being up for the Norris this year,
and he's just kind of carried that play into the postseason.
And to touch more on Washington, this is the one year where they didn't really make a big move.
Last year they brought in Shattenkirk
and probably took some of Carlson's minutes away.
Of course, you know, him being the quarterback of the power play.
So, you know, Walsh has kind of done everything a lot differently this year
and it seems to be working for him.
And you guys mentioned it.
Let's not get too ahead of ourselves they still got halfway to go and they still got a mountain
to climb with uh with tampa bay and then whoever wins the west if they can get by tampa so uh
anything else you guys want to chime in on on that series uh wits maybe go with dolla dolla bill y'all
from kenny powes instead of the murderous wide receiver i never seen kenny he was a he was a
tight end for the patriots oh yeah that's right but he played murderous wide receiver Aaron Hernandez. I've never seen Kenny Powell. He was a tight end for the Patriots.
Oh, yeah, that's right, but he played like a wide receiver.
You never saw  what the fuck was Kenny Powell's show called?
Cornell, you know it.
What was
Eastbound and Down.
Eastbound and Down.
You never watched it?
Did you ever see it?
No, I never even saw that.
Hey, must be nice.
We'll lead in to the next series.
Flower, Penguins out.
He's still playing.
Who would have guessed that?
I mean, boys, come on.
I mean, I was on Vegas all year.
I've been on Vegas all year, so I knew.
I knew.
But Fleury to be playing and Pittsburgh to be done.
Who saw that?
Well, I mean, now saying that, it was the right move.
You take the younger goalie and  No, I mean, I understand that, it was the right move. You take the younger goalie and
No, I mean, I understand the move, but I'm just saying, like,
pretty cool for Fleury to be like, I'm going to go prove I'm still a number one
and I've carried this team to the Western Conference Finals.
Well, not only is his team playing, I think he's got four shutouts
this playoffs already.
And, R.A., do you have his other numbers for us?
Oh, I've got them right here.
Let's see.
Marc-Andre Fleury, who, by the way, we had several near misses with him
to have on the show this year.
We were in communication with his people, and he never turned it down.
Just timing could never line up.
Every day we had to record, he was on the road or practicing or whatever.
So hopefully, maybe, you know, we'll see what happens.
Maybe we can finagle something.
But anyways, he's 8-2 with a nine five one and a one five three with four
eight of those wins four of those are shutouts those are fucking obscene numbers man he's in
that zone right now that we've seen with like a js you get back an old three he's up he's probably
up for mvp right now if they win it he's your hands down cons my favorite in the clubhouse
right now especially and especially if vegas wins because they don't
really have anyone pulling the rope that hard they just do it collectively as a group i think
their highest score right now is march or so and he's at 18 overall uh that's probably show us 18
points or no you're saying 18th in playoff scoring he's 18th in playoff scoring with 11 points
and that probably has a lot to do with the fact
that they haven't played as many games as some of
these other teams, but nonetheless,
just collectively as a group, they get it done
very timely scoring.
Their
biggest catalyst right now has to be
Fleury. In that San Jose
series, you have to go back
to that Couture save.
That's a game saver. It was.
That's such a, that's a TSN turning
point. Couture,
Couture, I can never say his name right.
He was, he was shocked.
He's just, I think the whole place was
just in shock. Like, of all guys
you want on San Jose to get the puck there,
he just has the pill in the perfect
position and Fleury robs him with the
quickest glove save. He looks
so good right now. Biz, I meant to tell you
I interviewed him when we were on NHL Network
and I interviewed him.
I was like, Fleury, do you used to go to Olive Garden
before every pregame meal in Vegas?
Remember he used to just crush that in Wilkes-Barre
and Pittsburgh? He's like, no, no.
He's kind of laughing
and then they're like, hey, tell us something
about Whitney. Tell us something funny about Whitney
from playing with him. He goes, oh, I just
remember his body was so gross.
It's that
bad that people remember it.
He's like, I remember thinking, how are you
a professional athlete with that body?
And I was like, yeah, it's like a bag of milk. He's like, yeah, yeah,
bag of milk. That's it, bag of milk. He does get the best smile in hockey though, that body. And I was like, yeah, it's like a bag of milk. He's like, yeah, yeah, bag of milk. That's it, bag of milk.
He does get the best smile in hockey
though, that guy.
Hey, Biz, just to jump back on
your point, that's a great point
with Vegas Golden Knights.
That's a great point.
Point that is.
Dude, I'm looking at Vegas right now.
Yeah, you know, Macho Show and Riley Smith
both have 11 points.
They got 15 guys who have at least one point, but it's 1, 1, 2, 3, 3.
Like, all these guys get like 6 and 7 points.
Like, two guys get 11.
One guy gets 10.
Wild Bill.
And then it's just like guys with 7, 6, 5 points.
It's insane.
It reminds me like the old, like the New Jersey Devils with Marty Brodeur.
You know, like Brodeur did all the work, and they would just get fucking offense from everybody
because, you know, these guys aren't even sniffing the top of the scoring charts,
and it really don't matter.
And I believe I read this on Twitter today too.
Eight different guys have game winners for them.
So that just goes to show everything.
I might be wrong.
There might be seven, but I read something on Twitter today.
Not a big deal.
I want to switch to Evander Kane because people were a little frustrated with him not producing as much,
but some news came out after they were finished.
Grinnelli, you got the injury update.
Yeah, he had a separated shoulder and a tough MCL injury.
He had a torn motivator cuff and a torn, what is the other one, Viz? Torn heart ledge.
Yeah, I'm not saying he did. I just reuse those anytime I can.
Just an update. Victor Arvidsson just said a second of the night in empty netter.
Still four minutes left for nothing. Nashville looks like we're going to have a game seven,
gentlemen, back in Nashville, I believe Wednesday night.
So congratulations on the victory.
And we still got Nashville alive, buddy.
So if Nashville, just to keep everyone up to date here, if Nashville pulls out, I go four and O in the second round.
Grinnelli, what's Witt at as far as his record so far?
He's 0-3 right now.
But if Nashville pulls it out, I believe he will be 1-3 for the
Oh, nice.
So, I don't
even know what to say, and what really
sucks is, I think since Biz has
joined our podcast, it's gotten
significantly more popular
maybe, or bigger. It feels like
more people are listening. Maybe because it's the playoffs,
Biz. You might actually have nothing to do with it, you
peasant. But, either way,
for a lot of people listening for the first time,
like my dad used to say, like,
you never get a second chance at a first impression.
First impressions last forever.
So, like, I'm just going to eat the rest of my life for people who listen,
like, that I'm a joke, like I'm a loser picker.
I don't even know, like, what to say at this point.
I mean, Pittsburgh pick, I mean, I'm confident loser picker. I don't even know what to say at this point. I mean, Pittsburgh pick,
I mean, I'm confident in going back
in that one. San Jose, I'm just blatantly
picking against Vegas. I'm going to continue
that because I'll finally be right unless they
win the Cup, like I've said.
And then, I mean, Boston,
they look great. I mean,
in Game 1,
so I had that okay
look in there, and what was the last
year? Then Nashville could still keep me alive. So it's pathetic okay look in there. And what was the last years?
And then Nashville could still keep me alive.
So it's pathetic.
It's not a good look for the podcast.
It's not a good look for me personally.
I got strangers.
I'm playing in a golf tournament today and tomorrow.
I got this guy coming up to me.
Hey,
I listened to your podcast.
You can't pick a winner for the life of it.
I said,
thanks buddy.
I'm trying to tee off for fuck's sake.
Jesus.
It's not good.
It's not good.
I think I'm, I'm at 2-1 right now.
If Nashville comes back and wins, I'll go 3-1 this round.
But I had a guy saying, like, oh, dude, I listened to you talking about the Bruins,
and I ended up jumping on them.
And I'm like, motherfucker, I'm a Bruins fan.
Of course I'm going to pick the Bruins.
Like, don't listen to me about the fucking Bruins.
That's why I don't really bet those games, because you're hot in them.
But, yeah, I'm looking at 3-1.
I still haven't really bet those games because you're hot to them. But, yeah, I'm looking at three and one.
I still haven't really done any series bets.
The best part is I had a future on Tampa.
Oh, yeah.
It's always six to one.
Dude, you like  what a phony Bruins fan thing.
You tweeted that out like the minute they lost.
Yeah, and I tweeted  Not even like an upset tweet, just like a woo-hoo, I got Tampa six to one.
It had the Homer Simpson video, like from when he fucking
like he walks out of bar, like he becomes a
bandwagon isotopes fan. He walks in, he
becomes a bandwagon fan overnight.
That was the joke. You had to kind of watch
the video, I guess. Well, I figured,
considering you just gave us the scoring update,
looks like Nashville's going to pull this one off
and head back to Nashville.
I guess
let's start with P.K. Subban.
Very confident words in the locker room.
He's one guy when he says that.
I know these guarantee wins are getting released.
Dude, they're so overrated now.
They're so overrated.
Sure, I'll agree with that.
But P.K. is one of those guys.
He's so confident.
He meant every word he said.
He's the cockiest guy in the world.
But I like that about him.
If I'm ever picking a guy, you want a guy that's so confident in himself
and that team.
And, man, they went in there tonight,
and I think they have all the momentum going back home
because now Winnipeg's got to get on the plane, go, Nashville crowd.
And who are they bringing out for the anthem?
Oh, man.
Hopefully they get the words right.
What about Garth Brooks?
Hey, what if they flew Rene down just to troll the whole league,
just to get him out there?
I'd smash my new TV.
Oh, wait.
Before we move away from PK, just quickly,
did Lady Antebellum mess up the anthem?
Yeah, I just said that.
Yeah, they screwed up the anthem.
Oh, sorry.
You probably tried to interrupt me when I was talking.
I didn't even hear you say that.
No, I didn't either.
Go ahead, all right.
Did she screw it up like you screwed up her name there?
Lady Antebellum?
That's the name of the band.
Yeah, they screwed up the anthem.
One of them started singing. Well, they screwed up the anthem. One of them started singing
a word, and then one started
singing a different verse, and then the
crowd actually kind of got their back, but
it's a bad look, man. It's one
thing if it's not your country, but just get
cue cards. But what was cool about it,
I thought, in this day and age when a lot of people
don't like to take responsibility for things
they fuck up on, they tweeted about it after
like, oops, we goofed, sorry.
Like, they kind of had, like, a sheepish, like, funny tweet.
I was like, all right, you know what, that's fine.
You know, like, you're off the hook.
Not that they were on the hook, but, hey, you know, we fucked up.
We owned it.
And people forget.
Most people should learn from that.
So, the Predators, going into tonight's game six in Winnipeg,
they had split the four games they'd played so far that season.
And the last time they won in game four,
and then they won on February 27th.
Those were the last two home losses Winnipeg had,
and then they had one tonight.
So the last three losses they've had since the end of February
have all three been to Nashville.
We figured this would go seven. This was
the most exciting. This has been the best series.
This has been the most exciting series. The best
hockey. So glad we're getting a special
game seven. And I don't think anyone's surprised.
They're just so evenly matched.
But Pecorine in game
five, I mean, that's a bad effort.
He did not play well. So you've got
to think going home. I don't know if he'll be thinking about that.
He was great tonight.
Did he end up getting the shutout?
You jinxed him.
You jinxed him.
I know.
That was the ultimate whammy last show, man.
I couldn't have did that anywhere else.
But, yeah, it's over.
Peck got the four-nothing shutout.
That's a big shutout.
I mean, that's buzzing into game seven.
Now, already saying that, before this game, he hasn't had a very good playoff.
And I know we talked about last year against Pittsburgh.
I thought he hurt them a lot.
I thought Nashville outplayed Pittsburgh for the most part.
What were his numbers coming into tonight?
What do we got?
They weren't too great.
I know that.
But he's moving on.
He just went to 7-5.
Well, actually, this doesn't have tonight's game,
but 8-9-7 going into tonight with a 3-2-3.
Those aren't numbers you expect to move on to a conference final at all.
But, you know, Winnipeg scored six goals one game.
So that just kind of throws the numbers off so much.
So if you took that game out, it might be in the ninth.
That's his numbers.
But the point I'm getting to is he's going to probably win the Vesna,
and those aren't Vesna-like numbers.
I thought that his team's done a good job of rallying him
and getting him back when he hasn't been great.
And, man, next game is crazy.
One of these teams is going to go home.
I'm not necessarily that upset about the way the alignment's gone
because I believe any of those teams in Vegas are going to put on a show for hockey.
Moving on from that conversation.
Hold on, hold on.
Go ahead.
I wanted to say two quick things.
One, about the guarantee.
Guarantee, Marc Messier is the guarantee man.
That's the guarantee.
Now, especially on elimination games, you just say it and if you lose you go home and it's forgettable.
Guarantees are like,
they're not legit anymore to me.
Torch just had one
and how'd that turn out?
Yeah, that's one thing. Second thing, just quickly about the series
I didn't know if we were moving on from it. Nikolaj
Ehlers doesn't have a goal yet. He had 29
in the regular season. He's a
fast little motherfucker
out there who flies around
and has sick skill.
29 goals in the regular season, doesn't have one
yet. Is that a guy in Game 7 who steps up
like Kyle Conner did, who in Game
5, that was filthy.
I don't know. He had two goals. He had a ridiculous
assist to Scheifele. So this
kid, that's someone who steps it up. Maybe
Ehlers could be that guy in Game 7.
Yeah, he definitely looks to wits.
Actually, what was the line in that game tonight?
I haven't been betting, so I haven't been looking.
But, dude, Peck was a slam dunk tonight.
Anytime a goalie gives up five or six and gets pulled,
the next game, like I said, they're almost automatic.
Do you remember what the line was?
I think it was Nashville was plus 120, I think.
Nashville was plus 140. Win think. Nashville was plus 140.
Winnipeg was minus 160.
I had it 130, actually, on the site.
I was actually going to get into Kyle Connor when you mentioned him.
American born.
I watched him play a couple times earlier in the season
when Arizona traveled there, and I didn't even know who the kid was,
and I was blown away.
Oh, you noticed him that much?
Oh, first time, I'm like, who's this Connor kid?
I don't even remember seeing him in the American League for the Moose.
And then another thing I wanted to mention was Paul Stastny.
I thought that's been a great pickup for them at the deadline,
and he's been playing good.
Adds definitely some depth to their lineup,
and he's been chipping in offensively.
Stast, what a guy.
I mean, you could tell when he got traded from St. Louis.
Braden Shen had the quotes how upset they were.
I mean, he's a really good player.
Solid two-way centerman.
Great guy, too.
That's what I was going to say.
The best locker room guy.
Never heard a bad word ever spoken about him.
Just a fun-loving dude.
Likes to have a good time.
Great teammate. Always a smile
on his face. So just adding not only
his game, how good he is on the power play.
He's such good. Like, deft little
passes, saucer passes. But he's
just a guy that you add not only for the ice,
but to the room. You get a guy like
that in the room, it just loosens it up even more.
And I'm sure Winnipeg had a great thing going.
But all of a sudden, you get a funny dude who's
laid back but still ready to play when the big games are going.
That just helps the team so much in so many different ways.
So, great trade right there.
And Kyle Conner, I mean, this kid played at Michigan.
He had 71 points in his freshman year, one year in college.
Turned pro right away.
I mean, this year, spent a little time in the AHL this year.
Played four games, five points, though.
I don't remember if it was coming off an injury or i think he might have struggled at the beginning
of the year and but if even if it no matter what to go down and dominate and be like all right to
get confidence it's actually a great thing you don't see happen that often so you uh are you
reiterating the fact that last year was was his first, or is this his rookie season? Well, so right after his freshman year, which was 15-16, he didn't do anything.
He didn't play until 16-17.
He didn't leave right after school and play that season.
You know what I mean?
So last year was his first year pro, and he spent most of the time in the AHL.
20 games up he got.
Okay, so yeah.
So then I would have played against him.
And no offense to him, I just didn't notice him.
So this guy kind of accelerated very quickly.
Because you're saying he spent the 16-17 season in Manitoba mostly, correct?
Most of it, and he had 44 points in 52 games.
Which is not bad.
Only 5 points in 20 games in the NHL, and then just explodes this year.
And R.A., I want you to pull up these numbers if you got them.
One guy who they went out and got this year at Nashville was Kyle Turris,
and that was to add a little bit of depth at center ice
and, of course, to add some more offense.
He has struggled quite a bit at putting up some points here in playoffs.
Kyle Taurus, 11 games played, not including tonight.
He had zero goals and three assists so far in the playoffs.
I know Whitney mentioned him earlier on one of the podcasts,
about him needing him to get going for a national move on,
but they've done it in spite of him.
He hasn't done much. I think having Joe Hanson
back, which they lost him late last year, he's
been immense this time around.
Yeah, Kyle Torres, but that's
the thing. Some series guys just don't match up well,
and then the next series, they go off at 6-7-8,
not 8 goals, but whatever.
Are you considering
it's not hedging
at all, but if Nashville
wins, you still have them for the future and you take Winnipeg in game seven?
I don't want to bet again.
I think Nashville at home, they're not going to lose two in a row at home, are they?
They've been bad at home this postseason, though.
Yeah, they have.
The defense has been discombobulated at home.
We're not used to seeing that.
But, you know, having been in that bond, shout out to Grinnelli last year,
that place is going to be in fucking sane.
Game seven in there, I mean, they're going to be so fired up.
I don't think, I think Randy will be fine.
I think he might have, like, kind of locked back in.
The fact he went into hostile territory tonight after getting pulled at home
and shut out that team, I think they're going to be feeling it, man.
I wouldn't be surprised if Nashville does win.
As far as hedging. I wouldn't be surprised if Nashville does win.
As far as hedging, I don't know.
I got a lot of fucking other shit balls in the air, real-life things going on.
So I don't even know if I'm going to try anything.
I still got Tampa Bay on the other side. Okay, we got it.
I'm hoping to put Tampa in Nashville.
Come on.
You know what I'm talking about.
Holy fuck, dude.
It's both of you, man.
Like, Jesus fucking Christ.
Just get your thought out.
Fucking killing me tonight in salt american now
one one thing i know you're you were sick of the guarantees wit uh i don't mean to be a
party pooper here i feel like the whole the offensive line and mariotta drinking out a
catfish before the game i think that's kind of the novelties wore off a little bit they did it
last year i said the same thing it was good it was funny i think it's kind of the novelties wore off a little bit. They did it last year. I said the same thing.
It was good. It was funny. I think it's time to move on.
You got to switch it up. I mean, I'm all for morale,
but it kind of threw them off last game.
And do you think that they're going to go back to it?
Yeah, I think, I think they will.
I think those guys are more just like, Hey,
can we come to the game again and get crushed and pour beer over each other's
heads?
I mean, if they're asking to do it, they're not going to say no.
Especially for game seven.
They're not going to fucking stop now.
I mean, you know, the place is going to be off the wall.
People, like, go to the extremes with that shit.
You know, it is a shtick, though.
It's like a Saturday Night Live character.
Eventually people are going to get sick of it.
But I don't know, man.
If you're at the game and you're a fucking crazy lineman like that I gotta see what the floor looks like it must be like on a killing
floor like in a slaughterhouse like where everything can just slide through and end up on
the ground after because that's a fucking must be an ugly scene for the people have to clean that
after fish guts and fucking beer oh yeah um boys uh that pretty much wraps it up I know that next
podcast we're going to be talking about
the finishing of this nashville winnipeg series and then we're going to get to go on to get uh
all whitney's loser picks for the conference finals and uh he's gonna he's gonna lose you
guys some more money literally do the opposite of what first comes to mind dude you can't do that
when you're gambling because you're my brain then knows that
i'm doing that so i'm i'm going to pick like who i who i like i'm gonna pick who i don't want
knowing that the opposite would be who i do want oh you mean you're gonna overthink it
yeah like dude that's i mean have you talked to me for more than five minutes i'm an overthinker
bro i mean if i'm thinking, I'm overthinking.
So, I mean, yeah, it's just not good.
It's not good at all.
Right, well.
You get a second mortgage from the same mortgage?
Apparently, you're moving into a mansion soon.
Yeah, that's true.
Congratulations.
I wouldn't say it's a mansion, though.
How many bedroom? One,'s a mansion, though. How many bedrooms?
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
No, I'm just kidding.
Four, I think.
No, I'm kidding.
Boys, anything else you guys want to touch on?
I just want to bring up Tom Patterson.
Not sure if you ever heard of him.
Tom Patterson is just a normal guy.
He became so frustrated by the fit and feel of his undergarments, he wanted to do something about it. You know, as you get older, you know, gravity
starts to take its toll. I kind of get what Tom was getting at. He went home, he sketched up some
smarter designs, had a tailor sew a few prototypes and voila, the revolutionary Tommy John underwear
was born. That was 10 years ago already. And the decade since Tommy John has sold over 5 million
pairs of underwear. I got them on myself right now dude they keep everything so snug like i said guys you get a little older gravity
starts taking us tall or whatnot you know you want to keep everything nice and comfy man tommy john
you can't beat it no no pun intended as a customer myself i'll tell you firsthand they're worth every
penny tommy john uses proprietary fabrics and innovative designs to make sure the legs never
ride up the waistband never rolls down and it's impossible to get a wedgie. That's the best part. Plus, Tommy John's
time-saving horizontal quick-draw fly can only be described as life-changing, especially when you're
having a few pups at the bar, got to get to the urinal quick, boom. Tommy John's great for that.
Don't believe me? Try them for yourself, man. Since all Tommy John underwear is backed by the
best pair you'll ever wear or it's free guarantee, you have absolutely nothing to lose.
Join the revolution against uncomfortable undergarments and make this switch to Tommy John.
New adjustment needed.
Hire me to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off your first order.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S for 20 off.
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets.
What did I want to ask you guys?
Dude, some kid pulled the dumbest move in history the other day.
I actually thought about you guys and wrote it down on my podcast, on my phone notes.
I'm in a liquor store.
I'm in the wine aisle with my buddy.
And this kid sitting in the wine aisle, dude buddy and this kid sitting in the wine aisle dude he looked
like the this complete muppet he's just like hey can i help you guys i'm like hey yeah do you have
camus camus wine no i said just camus but we're in the wine aisle the kid goes is it one i go yeah
dude it's red wine like that's what we're looking for it's expensive it's like oh yeah obviously
he's like hold on hold on dude dude the kid walks to the end and he looks he goes uh we have uh
this conundrum and i was like dude did you just say that because that's one with c and he's like
oh is that not what you said man i was like holy shit this kid melted my skull dude
i was like did you just said that because it was a c to start conundrum he's like oh my bad bro
so i i mean i thought of you guys on that one kind of remind me of grip grinnelly worked in
a liquor store you're escaping these picks scot-free as well.
You tweeted on Friday night and Sunday afternoon, Bruins by a million.
Yeah, no, I was in one all weekend, though, so that doesn't really count.
I saw Brunelli Friday night.
He was loaded.
He was dancing on top of tables.
Really?
Oh, yeah. I met him at one of my buddies.
Brunelli goes hard, but it's
Pulling broads? Dude, there was a couple smoke bombs he introduced me to. I met him at one of my buddies. Grinnelli goes hard, biz. Pulling broads?
Dude, there was a couple smoke bombs he introduced me to.
I don't know how he
Actually, I know he didn't get laid that night because I brought a slice.
Is Grinnelli getting residual kills from the podcast?
I was going to say that if this
This podcast is a success when you tell me, Grinnelli, you got laid from it.
That's when I'm like, okay, we made it.
Are you kidding me?
Get a spitting chicklets tuxedo on.
Yeah.
Did you actually see 10 Spittin' Chicklets t-shirts at the game?
Yeah, no, I saw a bunch.
I saw them at the bars before.
We tell people, like, we're releasing that shirt, right?
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, that was a thumbs up.
So we're releasing a shirt.
How do we describe it?
You guys want me to tell you about it?
Yeah, yeah, because I actually don't ah well i've talked i've talked to guys who uh oh okay i get it that was a russian
yes oh you are canadian i'm not slow hey i'm can they think i'm slow hey i'm just canadian
well sometimes it's hard to hear what you actually say because it comes out like in a different
language so i'm trying like like voices of like aliens and simpsons people.
And I never know what the dude is saying either.
If you just said it normal, then I'd be able to understand it.
But I have to like filter through the bullshit.
But, all right, the reason why we're doing a Russian gas t-shirt is because when I first started playing pro, like, you know, social media wasn't really around then.
So you had to talk to someone who had actually played in Russia.
And I don't want to say that.
You'd have to talk to people at dinner too and shit.
Oh, it was the worst.
But, you know, you would talk to these guys.
And I won't say their names because if I do,
their families will be at risk because, of course,
you know, the Russian mob will probably come scoop them up and their lives.
But they would go in the training room, and after games,
they would have legit IVs coming out of brick walls.
So you'd just see the IV part.
You wouldn't see the bag.
And they would just strap into them,
and all these Russian guys would be getting juiced up after games.
Wait, you don't know I did that before games.
Oh, so you did it.
Yeah.
This one wasn't coming out of the wall, though.
This one was just especially like package IV,
and guys would take it right before the game.
I'm like, what are they taking?
The trainer's like, you want one?
After warm-ups, I did it against Moscow Dynamo.
Dude, I was flying out there.
Flying.
I've told this on the podcast.
I was skating around.
I was skating around, rushing it up ice.
First man back, I was like Yanz out there.
I was like Keith Yandel, skating-wise.
And I was like, I could play in the show again.
I had an apple.
I'm like, dude, I'm going to get signed again.
And then after, I was like, oh, my God.
I was on the Russian gas bill.
And I've heard of guys being handed pills, too,
and they take the pills, and they're like,
you ask what it is, they just say, pills, pills.
And once again, I don't want to say the guy's name
because then I'm throwing him right out of the cunkle,
but this Russian gas stuff's no joke.
Maybe I'll make a comeback, too too maybe i'll head over there dude why is coming out of the wall like
that sounds like the combination of like a glory hole in an opium den like you have no idea
all right that was the funniest thing you've said all episode yes it's exactly what it's like
congratulations i'm yeah but you also need like you like, wouldn't mind if it was, like, at night and they had the Russian gas at, like, what do they call those?
Oh, they make people sleep in a, a lot of the KHL teams make people.
Hostile?
This is so embarrassing.
I can't think of this.
A hostile wit?
No, no, dude.
The players go to Baza.
Baza, I think it's called.
Maybe that's wrong, too.
This is so bad. Either way, like, you have to go.
Like, a lot of teams make guys the night before games, even at home, go sleep in these, like, dorms.
Well, I guess my question, Whit, is do you guys have
What if they had one that put you to sleep, too, though?
It would be perfect.
Yeah, liquid Ambien.
But, Whit, would they have drug testing at all?
They have drug testing.
I never got drug tested.
But, yeah, they have drug testing, but got drug tested but yeah they have drug testing but i mean so so it's come out like lately do you think they like looked at it
so were you not worried at all when you stuck this needle in your arm knowing what you were getting
i was just like got all like 10 guys are taking this before games like i'll do it and i was
amazing and there's like six games left in the year and then'll do it and i was amazing and there's like six games
left in the year and then i did it and i was sick in the first round too we lost a drug test in
russia as they hold out a bunch of drugs and you have to tell them what cheats drug is
i like that one so we figured why not release a shirt talk because we talk about the russian gas
a lot and uh you know we make assumptions of certain guys who are on it but ultimately when we're talking about show guys we're just kidding
but but over in Russia we're not yeah yeah JK so I think how many guys in the NHL do steroids I tell
people like I didn't know one I don't think I definitely played with one but I don't like
besides like the guys we always mentioned from like the back in the Iron League days in the AHL,
I can't think of any I know of.
People might smoke me for this comment,
but there was some...
Yeah.
You remember the time when
there was a couple years back-to-back
where during the season, Ovechkin had a tough
start, and he went back
over to Russia. Relative died.
Yeah.
And then he would come back and he'd be taking to Russia. Relative died. Yeah. Like, yes.
And then he would come back and they'd be taking like two and a half
minutes shifts with five hits and have two goals.
And then he,
and then he'd finally go change.
And then he was like 19 shots on goal.
Pissed all over the seat after the game.
And clearly I'm joking,
but I'm also half joking.
Hey,
I mentioned the killing floor a few minutes ago.
Don't let the name throw you, Jimmy.
It's not really a floor.
It's more of a steel grid and it allows material to sluice through
so it can be collected and exported.
That's not a few three.
That's an old...
I thought you were reading a fucking ad.
What was that?
That's the great Phil Hartman from the Simpsons episode.
People who hear it will know what it is.
I know you've seen it.
Don't listen.
I have a question.
How many people tweet you that they get your movie reference, Joe?
Simpsons ones, I bet you he gets three.
Simpsons actually get more because you guys, even just because you guys don't watch it,
the early Simpsons episode, it's up there with all my family.
I won't say it caused me to show anymore, but it's up there as one of the greatest shows ever.
So people get that.
Some of the movie references they do.
But as long as a couple people do, that's all.
I know everyone ain't going to get it, but you don't want everybody to get every joke.
Then it ain't good.
I'll say this.
There was a period of time for about three or four years where The Simpsons was somewhat funny.
I think it's one of the most overrated shows of all time.
I remember watching it in fifth grade.
I liked it in fifth grade
around that time i grew up the first it's i think they're on 27 or 28 now so what it is used to be
you know years ago if you watch the simpsons that book was going to be a good one but now you went
up it's basically a one in three chance i find that a classic simpsons episode on on tv any
days but not man that the early years and then this is obviously me talking i'm a fan but you
can read any tv history books the early simpsons was some of the most influential funniest television
ever made it was so sharp brilliant satire subcontent like subtlety all it's it's so
fucking funny man and people who like grew up on it like obviously i'm still talking about a quote
25 years later that i can remember verbatim so Okay, I got a question for you. Would you put South Park up against it being better?
I think South Park's pretty genius too.
The best of the Simpsons shits all over the best of South Park.
I know South Park has a lot of fans,
but the best of the Simpsons is so much better, I think,
than the best of South Park.
So you'd give consistency to South Park though?
You know what?
I can't say I watched enough of it I
mean I watched it early on um I think I've had people complain about later South Park is but
the Simpsons has gotten wicked watered down it's what it is is it makes so much fucking money for
Fox they refuse to take it off the air it's become basically a kid show okay now I guess we could go
into this how do you feel about all this Apu stuff going on now that people are getting all sensitive about his character?
Oh, sweet Manjula.
I did not know you.
Why is it bad that they're saying that, like, what's Apu?
What's his thing?
Apu Nahasapima Petalon.
What's his religion or what is he?
He's an Indian immigrant.
He lived in Springfield after he went to Springfield Heights. no dude i don't need this like background saying what he is
he's easy and a bunch of indians work at like quickie mart type places what is the problem
well i mean you kind of chimed in there but i i believe that he owns the business in the show
correct yeah he owns the quickie mart the problem is that this show originally came out in 1990, which was a very different time in America.
And Hank Azaria, who's actually on the show, Brock, I've told you about, he's a great voice actor.
And in the time the show started, you know, I think society has become more aware of other people's cultures.
And, you know, the Internet has given people who previously didn't have a voice.
They have a voice now.
And,
you know,
like we had to come to find out candy and kids in America,
you know,
they didn't like a poo because they would get called a poo.
And this,
this comedian,
I forget his name,
Harry Condable.
I believe made the,
the,
the problem with our poo.
And I watched it.
Would it open mind?
Cause you know,
I wanted to see what his,
his argument was. And I watched the
documentary and I wasn't really moved by it.
Like, his own fucking mother calls him Apu.
She's like, oh, I call him Apu too.
I almost couldn't take him serious after that.
But they were pissed because they,
basically, what it is, it's a white guy doing a bad
imitation of an Indian guy, which was funny
to them 20 years ago. And they think that now
it's not as funny.
I can't, this shit makes me like yeah well i guess i guess no no no i know i'm saying like the whole concept
though like there's stereotypes that kind of exist for a reason it's funny shit like
well i mean i mean do they do they uh overdo the accent a little bit but my only thing is is what
part about the character are they really making fun of maybe they're just over emphasizing his accent the guy came to the united states as an
immigrant and now owns a business like that's almost like a compliment is that's hilarious
because i i actually when i watched the documentary i was going to write a blog on it and i never got
around to it shaka but i wrote the same thing like you know what's the problem appu is probably one
of the guys with the most integrity in the show. And they're like, yeah, he gouges his customers.
That's not about being Indian.
That's about being a fucking store 24 type owner.
There's everything.
You go there because you have to be, but everything's expensive.
It was never called like, oh, Indians are going to gouge you.
And people's defense to it also was groundskeeper Willie.
If anything, they're a lot more offensive to him because he's a drunk and a madman.
Ah, there's an animal alive that can help.
Who are you, Scotsman?
I'm fucking with the Simpsons.
I got to go.
I got to go.
I got to go.
But he's about to kill himself.
Yeah.
Fellas, I just want to talk to you one more second and let you know that this podcast is presented by mybookie.ag.
They were huge for me last night.
Pekka Rene knew he was going to be great in Winnipeg.
Had a minus one and a half plus 260.
Boom.
Easy money.
You could do the same thing.
Baseball, NBA playoffs, futures.
All that stuff is going on.
You think you know who's going to win?
Put some money down on the safest online sportsbook in the world.
one put some money down on the safest online sports book in the world and the only one we tell our listeners to go to mybookie.ag if mybookie.ag offers all kinds of wages on major
league baseball every playoff game in the best part you can build your own prop bets that's wild
man almost like fantasy just say give me this give me this give me that a prop wage and they
tell you what it's going to pay out great stuff check them out now go use the promo code spit for
50 bonus when you deposit you know like i said we only tell our listeners to go to this site it's gonna pay out great stuff check them out now go use the promo code spit for a 50 bonus when you deposit you know like i said we only tell our listeners to go to this site it's the best one we
can use you get a las vegas style sports book gambling right in your living room they got every
sport they got all the you can even gamble on the video games man not my cup of tea but i know the
young guys like earlier into that you know super mario is he gonna get the coin boom give me a
nick on that you're done so so in addition to casino games you're also getting blackjack roulette craps my bookies.ag has it all you can do it on iphone
ipad tablet computer so you play you win you get paid so if you want to get into the action this
summer go to my bookie.ag now and sign up with the promo code spit to ensure you're eligible for all
of our future promotions and bonuses visit las vegas from your couch and try them out today. Once again, that's mybookie.ag.
Use the promo code SPIT.
There's no one who likes his jokes
more than you are. I'm going to have a full-blown
nightmare after this talk.
All right, boys. We'll wrap it up.
Hey, everyone. Also,
listeners. We're going
to Big Apple next week.
Oh, shit.
Us four are going to be
at the office Monday,
day after Mother's Day.
Shout out to my wife's first
Mother's Day. What do you get for the
first Mother's Day? It seems like a big one.
You're asking the wrong guy.
Either way.
You're going to get two gifts now?
What? You're going to get one for your mom and for your wife?
I know. I know.
But I get one on Father's Day now.
So either way
though, we're going to be
there Monday. You guys are there a couple days.
I got to work Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday
at NHL Network. But Wednesday night,
let's watch a game
at the studio or at the office or whatever.
Sure. Fucking right.
I'm down for the week. We're going to do a podcast Monday from the studio so at the office or whatever. Sure. Fucking right. I'm down for the week.
We're going to do a podcast Monday from the studio,
so the audio will be fantastic.
Okay, a couple things.
The trailer for the
Yeah, when's that coming out?
It drops on Thursday, and we're going to have the creator of Eagle Energy,
one of the main sponsors of the doc, come on and tell his story.
Yeah, this guy sounds like,
I got questions for this dude.
Yeah, he's a character.
And then we believe that it's going to,
the whole show is going to drop
starting the 14th on Monday,
which is why we're going to NYC.
And it's going to run 14th all week.
One episode a day for five days. And I'm very excited for everyone to see it.
I think it's going to crush it.
All right.
Jesus.
Yeah, we have longer goodbyes than a fucking couple of kids in puppy love,
for Christ's sake.
I know.
I know.
It's off to change a diaper.
Yo, yo, hold up, guys.
One last important note before we let yous go, okay?
You want to go to store.barstoolsports.com with the promo code CHICKLETS for 15 off everything. You go to click on the podcast, find Spittin' Chicklets. We got the Chucky McAvoy Barstool crossover hats, premium line quilted hoodies, bomber jackets. We got the Henleys, perfect for the summer. Saturdays are for the boys. Pool floats, we're out now. Anything you want from the store site is 15 off using the chicklets code.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Again, that's store.barstoolsports.com.
Promo code chicklets for 15 off.
Don't tell El Prez.
Oh, I smell you.
See you, boys.
Peace.
