Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Black Buffalo.
Black Buffalo is the only tobacco-free dip that delivers the same experience as traditional smokeless products,
just without any tobacco leaf or stem.
Black Buffalo makes tobacco-free long-cutting pouches at their factory down south
in the flavors of wintergreen, mint, and straight.
Me, I'm not a big tobacco guy, not a fan of it all, but I love this stuff.
Black Buffalo, it gives you the feel of doing it,
but without all the garbage that comes with it.
The pouches, if they're out of stock, you can buy and pre-order them now.
The peach long-cutter's coming back for the summer.
Everybody loves that.
Black Buffalo sells exclusively on their website with free shipping,
so go to blackbuffalo.com.
Use the code CHICKLETS, that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, for 20 off of your first order.
Follow them on all social media at BlackBuffaloInc for updates, discounts, and badass content.
Born in the Midwest, raised in the South, charge ahead with Black Buffalo.
Charge ahead with Black Buffalo.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 84 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
And we are at Barstool Sports headquarters here in Manhattan. We just finished watching the Winnipeg-Vegas game 2.
Vegas tied the series up.
How's your picks, Whitney?
Well, actually, I picked fucking Washington and Winnipeg to win the series,
so I'm comfortable right now.
The gambling hasn't been great, but, yeah, I mean, tonight I lost.
I'll give you that.
You don't have to bring it up.
I gave the pick to other people, too.
Everyone lost.
It's bad.
It's bad.
It hasn't changed since Biz joined the goddamn show.
He's the mush.
And Mr. Documentary, Paul Bissonnette, what's up, boy?
I had Winnipeg winning tonight, too, so.
Yeah.
But the good news is I don't gamble.
And Mikey Granelli, can you speak?
Hello, gentlemen.
Yes.
Oh, yeah, we forgot Mikey.
Mikey's here.
I am here.
Actually, we want to send a special thank you and shout out to Mikey Fowler here at
headquarters in addition to the rest of the staff who's here working late.
Mikey Podcast, right?
Mikey, well, yeah, we got a couple of Mikey Podcasts, I guess.
But no, the Mikey Fowler, he's been helping us out all night.
It's late and these guys are going to Baffar, so we just want to say thanks to that crew.
That was very thoughtful of you, all right?
Good job, all right?
One of us has to be thoughtful.
Good job, all right?
What a thoughtful guy you are.
So anyways, Winnipeg, Vegas all tied up.
We're going to have hopefully a good series.
What do you guys think of the game tonight?
going to have, you know, hopefully a good series.
What do you guys think of the game tonight?
I thought that Vegas proved tonight for anyone like me who's still somehow found a way to kind of think that they weren't for real.
All right, they got through round one.
They got through round two.
Maybe Winnipeg now puts a beating on them.
Nope.
They came out tonight.
And the biggest part of the game, the biggest moment of the game was early in the third
period.
Winnipeg made it 2-1.
They cut the lead in half on a power play goal.
I said, here we go.
And what happened the next shift?
Marcia Shaw gets the second, I think his second of the game, right?
Yeah, you get the first one.
And he goes down, makes it 3-1.
It was the perfect answer by Vegas.
The perfect kind of definition of their season as a whole.
I mean, they actually go down for one second,
and any time during the regular season when they maybe lost two or three in a row,
they would turn it right back on, going a little winning streak.
So for them to go in and get the split, that's all they wanted.
This is how they started.
First time they started on the road, the first two series there at home,
just getting those pregame ceremony, ridiculous night action going,
and then they dummy teams.
So to go get the split now, all they got to do is go home,
they're thinking, win both of them like they pretty much have been,
and they're for real.
It's the first time, really, they've faced any adversity this playoffs.
I mean, if they lost tonight, they'd be down 2-0.
I mean, yeah, they'd be going back home,
but that's a tough hole against Winnipeg.
So they showed what they're made of tonight.
That was a great bounce-back game.
Really gave them nothing, and you said it.
They gave up that goal.
Right back.
Any type of fragile team, it would be even close, you know,
at least down to the wire.
But, no, they came right back the next shift,
and it seems to be the theme of their year.
I mean, look at who opened scoring, Thomas Tatar.
They pick him up at the deadline.
I would say probably not a great trade. He hasn't played
at all. He hasn't done shit. When he's played,
he didn't do anything. He hasn't done anything, but guess what?
Game two, they insert him in the lineup.
He fucking contributes, gets his first
of the playoffs, gets him started off
nice, and then March or so falls and they get 2-0.
And really after that, they
didn't give a hell of a lot until that goal.
There was no times where Winnipeg
was really buzzing that long.
And what happened in game one was the fact that, you know,
they go out, buff scores, a minute into the game,
and that building, that's already insane.
Shout out to people from Winnipeg right now.
And not only the party inside the arena,
but I think it's 20,000 people are outside the arena.
So we saw Saturdays are for the boys,
Barstool representing in the middle of that.
That's a crazy city right now.
It seems like Edmonton made that cup run to the finals against Carolina that year.
After the lockout, Edmonton went bananas.
We saw the run Vancouver went, and the city almost burnt down.
Shout out to Pasha, the guy who produced the business documentary.
He's from Vancouver.
Suck on that, Pasha. Place almost burnt down after Shout out to Pasha, the guy who produced Business Documentary. He's from Vancouver. Suck on that, Pasha. Plays almost
burnt down after they lost. And then
you just see
basically see Canadian cities
go completely bonkers and it's no different
in Winnipeg. So if they have a
chance to end up closing them out there,
whether it's Game 5, Game 7
or it couldn't be Game 5. Yeah, it could
be if they win both in Vegas. Either way, the atmosphere
in Winnipeg has been incredible.
So that's great to see for not only hockey fans but the league.
I think it's awesome to see them have some success in the playoffs.
And Vegas, like you said, I mean, they're not slowing down.
They don't care.
It doesn't affect them.
And because of that, we've got a series now.
And one scary thing for me as a Winnipeg fan is the fact that
Marc-Andre Fleury had a great bounce-back game.
He let in the bad goal to Connor, and then that was it.
That was it.
30 saves.
He gets his confidence back.
They go back to Vegas.
Before we get into the second series in the Eastern Conference, big buff.
Oh, thank you.
The first game, the goal, the assist on, I think,
Shifley tipped that puck.
I think it was Tuck that game.
Yeah, either way.
Yeah, he ran over Tuck in game one.
And then tonight, Reeves went to hit him.
And you saw the funny back and forth between a reporter and Ryan Reeves,
who's probably the toughest guy in the NHL, I would say, right now.
Yeah, I fought him twice.
Yeah, not a big deal.
How'd those go?
First one was okay.
Just, like, I ended up on top of him, nothing much.
But the second one, he just
He's a complete animal.
So he  I think they talked.
They listened.
What's Buffen like to play against?
He's like, he outweighs me by  did he say 50 pounds?
Did he say he outweighs him by 50 pounds?
I would say 30 a good
He's 275, he was saying, and people didn't believe it.
And Buff, no jokes, probably playing at 270.
I guess I could be way off here, but maybe 250.
I feel bad for his rhythm.
Either way, the reporter then said, so Buff's the strongest man in the league.
And Reeves said, no, I am.
And then tonight you saw Reeves go to hit him, and Buff just gave him that shoulder.
He's almost like the fat hockey player in Nintendo Ice Hockey.
You just bounce right off him.
It's a straight brick wall.
So he's played the best hockey of his career,
including the cup run that Chicago had when he was playing forward at the time
and battled with Chris Pronger in the 2010 finals.
He's on D, and he's just affecting every game because not only is he big
and can hit and hammer guys with a big shot, he skates very well.
He's not just fast for a big guy.
I mean, he flies around the ice, so he's made a huge difference.
And don't forget, too, when he was coming guy. He flies around the ice. He's made a huge difference.
Don't forget, too, when he was coming out for game one on the ice,
and all the players, they jack-bump into each other.
Nick Clay, the Eels, went for a hit,
and he fucking smashed him out of the way like he was a little bitch.
He still hasn't scored.
Yeah, I was hoping that got him off the schneid.
They're like, dude, Buffs, can you stop burying the 30-goal scorer on the walk-out to the ice, dude?
His shoulder's killing him.
I almost shit-drew Buff. I killing him. I almost shit, dude.
Buff, I looked up.
He's 33, dude.
He's only like the same age as Biz.
I mean, I know he's been around for a while.
What did you think, older or younger?
I thought he was younger, dude.
I mean, I know he broke in.
Then he took a couple years to become a regular.
But I thought he was way younger than that for some reason.
Yeah, I mean, I just.
Maybe because he's still playing fucking at such a high level.
Yeah, it's been that long.
I just.
To have him on D playing like this,
along with Trouba and, you know, Tyler Myers and Morris,
he's had a really good playoff.
Winnipeg, I think this is going to be a series that we end up seeing go at least six, if not seven.
But if we go to the East, your pick, both your picks.
And you said three of them?
Tampa's in trouble.
Trouba, Meyer, and Bufflin, all big guys and very mobile.
For big guys?
Yeah.
Like, they're not that slow.
I mean, like you said, Bufflin can move.
Tyler Myers can move.
He made that nice play, I think, on the goal tonight.
He came over, ladder play outside.
Came down the pipe.
The old ladder play.
The old ladder play.
Trouba, to me, I like him a lot.
I feel like he gets running a little bit.
That's my only knock on Trouba.
Because he's so good athletically.
Is that how you say it?
Yeah, he actually is a freak athletically, like skating-wise.
Hey, don't fucking steal my word, bud.
No, athletically is like, I mean, that's not your word, dude.
It's a pretty popular word.
I know, but.
Let's be honest here. He didn't make up athletically. It's not your word, dude. It's a pretty popular word. I know, but. Let's be honest here.
He didn't make up athletically.
It's not Biz Nasty does athletically.
It's Biz Nasty does BC.
Oh, shout out to.
We have Teddy Purcell joining us this episode,
former teammate of Biz's in the minors.
I've just become great friends with him.
So other guys have played with him.
So we have him coming on to talk some Russia, talk his career.
We wanted to kind of preface that.
We do have that showing up.
We're going to talk about his athleticism.
And we have your boy.
Why don't you tell everyone who else we have on?
We've got the guy who had to put up with me for four or five months of his life
while we did this documentary.
And the fact that he's still here is pretty remarkable.
What's his name?
Pasha.
All right, what up, Pasha?
We'll get to you in a little bit.
He's in here sitting with us. Such a weird-ass name. I know. It's like name? Pasha. All right, what up, Pasha? We'll get to you in a little bit. He's in here sitting with us.
Such a weird-ass name.
I know.
It's like, are you from Russia?
Teddy will puke if we tell him you're from Russia.
He wouldn't want to be on the same episode with you.
That's true.
What, you mentioned the Eastern Conference.
Yeah, Tampa Bay looks like they're in a bad spot, lose the first two.
Know what it reminds me of?
The way the Bruins look versus Tampa, that's how Tampa looks versus Washington right now.
They look slow.
Much more inferior.
They look slow.
Yeah, it's like, what the hell happened to this team?
Yeah, it's...
You know what they did?
What?
They lost their feng shui.
Really?
I don't fucking steal my word.
They lost their athleticism.
I think that the amazing thing right now, and it's the obvious thing, is that this is
without Backstrom.
So it shows that Kuznetsov's playing at a different level
with the Birdman celebration.
He's giving that, I can't do that.
My example of that,
do that again. So kind of like my ad read.
Marvel's in your mouth. But Kuznetsov's
on fire. Ovechkin, I mean,
he's lighting it up. He's feeling it.
And that series has been crazy
because in game one,
they had the goal called back by Kuznetsov after the too many
I'm sorry, not Kuznetsov.
It was Kucherov.
Too many men on the ice.
That goal gets called back.
Not only that, but there's a penalty to Tampa Bay,
and Ovechkin scores with two seconds left in the first period.
That kind of changed that game a little bit.
And then the same thing happened in game two with a goal
who was it that got a late goal?
I can't  It's kind of
bouncing away from my mind right now. But another huge flip in terms of a goal for Tampa to take
it back and Washington gets one. And if Tampa is going to play like this, I mean, I think Washington
could win in four or five games because they're going home where they do have success. They have
a good crowd. And Tampa just seems like you said, it's Boston in a way that they look a step behind on every play.
I mean, they went up 2-1 in game two.
And it was on two power play goals that neither one of them should have been penalties.
They had the ref call the goddamn penalty on Tom Wilson after Chris Kunitz hooked him.
It should have been a penalty on Kunitz.
Washington scores on the power play.
And then they got the Oshie for the high stick when he didn't do shit.
The puck hit Hedman in the face, and then the ref decided,
four refs got together and called that it was a high stick.
They didn't see it was a puck.
So that was another goal.
So Tampa gets a 2-1 lead, and then just Washington turns it on.
It was just karma.
How do you really feel?
Disgusting.
I was watching that game, and I was actually thinking,
if I was a Capitals fan, the first penalty, whatever,
they missed the hook on Kunitz.
Wilson gets the goal interference call.
Goal Washington.
The next one, to have Oshie hit the puck like four feet from Hedman's face,
I mean, that was a horrible call.
And they scored on it.
If you're a Washington fan,
you're probably looking for the ref's address on the online.
If you're a Washington fan, you're probably just pretending you're a fan,
and then when the regular season starts next year,
you're like, I don't even watch the Capitals.
He's on the Kunitz again.
Kunitz.
Shout out to all the people who said,
Whitney, you actually forgot to mention in your praise and hate of Kunitz
that he also has an Olympic gold medal.
So one thing that I sort of have in common with him in the Olympics,
I was second, he was first.
So basically that guy can fuck.
He could basically come in here and take a shit right in my face and be like, what are
you going to do about it?
And a couple of people said to me, why don't you have him on the podcast?
This is my podcast.
He'll come on.
He'll cuck me.
Next thing you know, I'll be a co-host with you two and Grinnelli will be back and say
I'll be gone again.
Kunitz cuck job.
So, all right.
Let's, you know, we obviously we're, doing our usual breakdown because we're down here.
We're getting some interviews.
So, you know, we're doing a kind of a quickie with our normal coverage.
Early in the series, too.
Yeah, early in the coverage.
And when we talked about the pre-series, we broke it down pretty good.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
As of right now, I feel like just Tampa.
As of right now, you guys don't look good.
I mean, I guess the West Conference, you're one-on-one, same as me.
But your Tampa picks are not looking good.
Yeah, you think they're done or what? I mean, we're the West Conference, you're one-on-one, same as me, but your Tampa picks are not looking good. Yeah, you think they're done or what?
I mean, we're going to see what they're made of in game three
because you can't go down for real.
This is my assessment of it is Washington has found a way to out-skill them
and out-
Oot?
Oot?
Did I say it like that?
No, you didn't.
He just got you.
That was a chirp out of nowhere.
That was from the clouds, dude.
You didn't say oot, swear to God.
He just gave it to you. What the fuck, R.A.? Are you kidding me, man? Oh, no. clouds, dude. You didn't say oot, swear to God. What the fuck, R.A.?
Are you kidding me, man?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
So rattled.
But I feel, see, I'm all flustered now.
Fuck this shit.
You forgot what you were going to say.
I just can't say it.
I'm spitting it out because R.A.'s fucking with my brain.
But I feel like they found a way to take their rhythm away,
be a little bit physical but also keep
the skill involved and you
have to credit Washington
as well not just say that
oh Tampa's not playing
their game Washington's
fucking playing at a
fucking elite level and I
thought they were gonna
let the the Penguin Series
go to their heads and be
like so did I because
everyone was like they did
it yeah it's over they
actually won the cup they did I mean PFT ate. It's over. They acted like they won the cup.
They did.
I mean, PFT ate shit.
Here's the Barstool office.
He ate horse shit because they won the second round.
And I thought the same thing.
Like, they're going to think they did it, but they haven't.
And you got to give a little, not hate, but you got to bring up that Vasilevsky hasn't been great.
I mean, in game two, he takes a penalty.
He interferes.
I can't remember who it was.
And then not only do they score on the ensuing power play,
but he puts it in his own net on the cross-crease pass.
So he's got to be better.
And when you say they're done, it's tough to think that if a team's going home
up 2-0 conference finals that they're not going to at some point win this series.
But it comes down to just game three.
If Tampa doesn't win that one Tuesday night, then it is over.
Yeah, and again, I mentioned every game, every series,
the Hopi fact that he's been lights out, man.
He's been, you know, like we said, the two games he didn't play.
It's crazy he didn't start the playoffs for this team.
And I don't know if that actually motivated him
or if the motivation was already there, whatever.
Either way, he's kicking ass.
He's a Conn Smythe candidate right now.
And, you know, I don't know if he's the total difference in this series,
but he's definitely all playing Vasilevsky right now.
Biz, I forgot to mention to you as a Canadian,
people talk about, like, you know, Winnipeg.
They're now, you know, Canada's team.
Canada doesn't have a cup since 93.
Does all of Canada, like, now root for Winnipeg?
Like, I just feel like if you're a Leafs fan or, like, an Oilers fan, like, do you just all of a sudden want Winnipeg? Like I just feel like if you're a Leafs fan or like an Oilers fan,
like do you just all of a sudden want Winnipeg to win because they're from Canada?
Say that again.
Put your fucking phone away.
We're doing a show.
Put your phone away.
I was trying to pick something up about the Holpe thing,
and I was trying to go back in one of my likes,
and I couldn't hear what you said.
He's looking at likes like a team.
You're like the Mean Girls play I saw the other day.
You are a Mean Girl right now.
I pulled up something on Holpe because a guy
Does Canada want Winnipeg to win?
Yes, of course.
Why?
If you're a fucking Maple Leafs fan, why do you want Winnipeg to win?
Because they're from Canada?
Yes, but going back to the Holpe thing, because that's where I was, and I heard Holpe come out of his mouth,
so I went back to look for this, is Luke Lipinski, the guy who does the ad reads for the Cpe thing, because that's where I was, and I heard Holpe come out of his mouth, so I went back to look for this,
is Luke Lipinski, the guy who does the ad reads for the Coyotes, tweeted this.
We're bringing that back because he's the guy who helps me with my ad reads,
obviously, if you guys fucking heard my read today.
And he goes, remember last month when the Capitals decided they were a better team without Braden Holpe?
And he said, amusing afterward.
And I said, well, it gave him that chip on his shoulder, though.
Sometimes guys like that need that.
Like, you take it away from them, and they're like,
are you fucking kidding me?
And then all of a sudden he's got to sit there
and be a backup to some fucking pigeon
who came up and stole his job.
Meanwhile, he's making, what, seven sheets a year?
Yeah, that had to be a little slap in the face.
It's a fucking slap in the fucking face.
And the fact that they went back with him game two,
that he was probably fucking...
Yeah, game two was the crazy thing.
He was probably fucking fuming.
Yeah, you just lost.
But you can always go back and say,
man, maybe you throw him back in game two
and it all goes south for them.
Whereas is holding him out again,
maybe it just fucking put him right...
I think he went into game two, right?
He did.
Yeah, the... They pulled Grubauer. Grubauer got pulled. He still lost anyways. I think he went in the game too, right? He did. Yeah, the
They pulled Grubauer.
Grubauer got pulled.
He still lost anyways.
Right, but all of a sudden now the pressure's off.
This guy's fucked up two games.
Now it's my fucking net.
It's my turn.
Let's fucking go on a run.
Stay out of my crease.
You know what I'm saying?
I thought the backup only would have gotten one game leash.
He got a two-game leash, which I was surprised.
I figured if he failed you the first game, he's the backup.
You got to go right back to Hopi. And he got the second style.
We talked about it.
It was a very surprising move.
And the fact that that's the reason why I went and grabbed that tweet is
because I wanted to get back to it.
I'm sorry for ignoring what you said.
Did you like it or did you just bookmark it?
No, I liked it and I commented on it because it's so easy to dismiss it,
but you look back on the psychological part of the game where, I mean,
that's a fragile guy in playoffs typically.
And goalies are like mental midgets to begin with for the most part.
It's almost like he's playing with the house's money now in a sense where they lost the two
fucking games of playoffs.
If they would have got beaten out first round, it was fucking Trotz's ass.
It wasn't his.
He fucking started the backup goalie game one and two.
Yeah, yeah.
So now all of a sudden the boys are like, okay, we got our our fucking goalie back let's go on a bit of a fucking roll here and he's gave them the
confidence they need and fuck man i'm i am i think washington i think it's caps fucking year yeah and
you've been saying it i have no problem if they win and you pick tampa though because i didn't
bet the man i told you i picked tampa what do you mean it's washington's year you pick tampa i'm an
idiot because i i i, quote-unquote,
gambled with my emotions, not my brain.
Remember how I told the whole Crosby turnover narrative,
and I was pissed that Caps fans were using that?
Oh, yeah, you hated Caps fans because of that.
It was just like, shut the fuck up.
Crosby didn't turn that over.
Kuznetsov had a good stick.
They transitioned.
They went down and scored.
It was a nice playback, Kuznetsov.
Tip your cap.
You don't need to throw Crosby on their bus for your fucking narrative.
Yes, I had Crosby in pajamas, so fuck you.
But nonetheless, my decaps here.
In the end, my question that began all of this was,
if you're a fan of another Canadian team and you root for Winnipeg,
you're an idiot.
You should root for a team to beat another Canadian team.
You should want your team to be the first team to win in Canada since 93.
So with that, we'll send
I don't really fucking care either way you're telling me.
It's like I'm the one who fucking wanted them to win.
All I meant was I'll be happy to see Ovechkin finally play for a cup.
That's all.
As a hockey fan, it's a great story.
I think the best story we can get is probably Ovechkin versus Vegas.
That's probably like  I mean, if you're looking at this point,
you get the superstar without a cup chance against the expansion team.
And would you compare Ovechkin winning a cup to kind of like maybe the Red Sox
winning their first World Series?
No, because it's 100 years.
It was 100?
It was 86.
If the defense wins it for Ovechkin, yeah, then it was like Peyton.
Okay, maybe Peyton.
I'm going to get smoked for that comparison.
Yeah, like comparing it against a baseball team.
With that, we're going to send this over to Teddy Purcell.
This is our man TP16, handsome prick and a hell of a hockey player.
Biz brought him in, so come on down, Teddy.
I'm going to pass it off to you because I don't know how to do intros.
I do.
Oh, hey, Ryan.
I steal it only because this is my boy, Teddy Purcell,
coming off a long season, and Russia will get to that.
Hands like silk, skates like the wind, can shoot it, can dish it,
good looking, missing a tooth.
TP-16!
What up, boy?
You're a good hype man.
TP-16!
I'm wet after that intro.
What's up, buddy?
Good shit.
Nothing much, boys.
I'm just living.
Back from Russia, I came back.
I have all my fingers and toes left.
I got paid most of my money.
Life's good.
That's an accomplishment.
You're always still owed a little, though,
coming back from there. They'll get you in August.
No, they'll get you good anyway.
2022.
Now, before we start with Teddy,
I'm going to tell a quick story
about the other night. I get
a text on Wednesday.
Teddy's in Scottsdale,
Arizona, playing at Mike Smith's
member guest tournament
DC Ranch
I don't know if you've heard of it
Pretty good private club
And he texts me
Hey Biz, I'm in Scottsdale, let's get together
And I say hey, I'm pretty busy
But you know what, let's grab dinner on Friday
So I call him at 5.30 on Friday
And him and Mike Smith answer the phone
And they're absolutely in one
At this member guest tournament.
Oh, it was a member guest?
100 then.
They're in the clubhouse
and they're flaunting money on FaceTime
to me and apparently they're playing dice
game and taking money off
80-year-old men who they just taught this new
dice game to. And I'm factoring
in my brain, okay, we're supposed to grab dinner.
They're pretty in one right now.
I'm sure it's not an easy out there.
They got to say bye to all the boys.
Let's do dinner at 730 at the Ocean Club.
Give them two hours.
Two hours.
Give them two hours.
730 at the Ocean Club.
Seafood Towers.
I don't know.
Is that good?
So I show up on time because I called in a favor and got people bounced from their tables
to have dinner with him and Mike Smith.
Guess how long I waited for them.
My guess is nine.
Hour and a half.
Exactly.
Yup.
For everyone here, I did it with a story that was not told.
He's a good hour and a half for sure.
I sat at a table by myself.
I downloaded Bumble.
Yeah, for sure.
I sat at a table by myself.
I downloaded Bumble.
I created a profile in which my buddy helped me spice up. Get some tattoo pictures out there.
Yeah, get some tat pictures in it.
By the way, Bumble's ridiculous.
And we'll get to those accounts later.
But, Teddy, but nonetheless, they showed up.
They were the life of the party.
They were talking to everyone around our tables,
and then they ended up picking up dinner.
So thank you, Teddy, for showing up an hour and a half late.
You're welcome.
No problem, buddy.
The old nine at nine trick.
Hey, boys, yeah, meet us there.
Meet us at the table.
Hey, you're like, see you there at 730,
and then you and Smitty are just like, suck on that one, biz nasty.
You can be on Twitter talking about what he's waiting for us.
Let's ask R.A., would you stick around until 9 o'clock, an hour and a half?
That's how much I like Teddy.
Yeah, it depends on the guy.
If it's like a guy who's done it before, low tolerance for it.
But if it's a good buddy, you can just sit there, grab a beer.
I'd stick around until 9.30 in the morning for him.
I would.
Wait until the morning.
I love you, man.
I would.
Teddy, no word alive, the next night I would have still waited until 9.
If you would have already done it to me the night before, that's how cool I would have been.
I know, I'm not usually late like that. but we were, like you said, me and Smitty
were having fun. Kind of got lost track
of time a little bit. It was an honest mistake. We came in
hot. You had a lot of laughs when you put your bumble
down and looked up from your phone
for a sec, but then
it's the same thing as the first
episode today. You're all jacked up. You got
Morgan Riley
making him pay tabs.
The tab story.
Same thing.
We sit down.
Biz orders a huge seafood tower for four.
There's only three of us there.
So then all of a sudden the bill comes.
Biz is fucking gone.
I was hiding in one of the stalls.
Dude, when Biz sees waitresses go get the bill and he just bombs to the bathroom.
Got a phone call.
Guys, guys.
He comes back 25 minutes later like, oh, you paid?
Thanks, man.
Thanks.
Appreciate that.
My ADD was acting up.
Hey, Teddy, before we get into ripping Biz a little bit more, tell me about this year, buddy.
Tell me about Russia.
We have this in common now.
We've had so much in common.
And then this leads into the future that we can talk about.
I mean, my career ended that way, I'm sure.
I don't know.
Do you plan on playing more?
What's the deal for next year?
Oh, I actually left my hockey gear in Russia.
I just escaped.
I just got out of there.
Wait, did they try making you stay?
Oh, yeah.
Yup, yup.
See you later.
Nope, absolutely not.
It's like the military.
Yeah, it's exactly like the military.
You do two a days.
You're doing two a days after we lost in the playoffs.
I'm like, what the fuck's going on here?
Oh, my God.
I had to stay for three or four days
because it was in your contract,
and then you can kind of leave,
and I didn't tell anyone I was leaving.
Pulled my driver, bring me to the airport,
and gave him a hug, and I was like,
I'm gone. Keep my gear. I don't want it.
So, Teddy, did you experience the Russian gas that we've made so popular on this show?
Yeah, I experienced it all over there.
Hey, did you get the IV before games and then just feel like you could be back starring
in the NHL?
I did it one time. I felt unbelievable.
Dude, I just kept doing it. I was like, this is ruining something in my body.
Was it coming through the wall, through a cement wall, or was it actually in a bag you
can see?
No, it was in a bag you can see.
Hey, Teddy.
But after games, they put this mask on their face, too, and guys go in there for five or
ten minutes.
They come out just stoned and looped, and they don't get tired.
They could play another game.
I'm like, you guys are fucking freaks.
Yeah, dude.
How about how they wear the grossest...
They wear sweatpants and a sweatshirt
that's like 7,000,
but they look like absolute shit.
You know what?
Their haircut costs 8,
and their sweatpants cost 7,000.
That's the same thing.
They live in...
Their house is the size of a bathroom,
but they drive like a Mercedes,
and everything is like Louis Vuitton, Gucci,
and like Abercrombie  Fitch is just
like, it's hard to get an expensive one there.
The guys are wearing the Abercrombie  Fitch. I'm like,
what is that, you asshole?
Hey, when I played over in the EIHL
during the locker, which is the English
Hockey League, it's like Junior B
back home, but yeah. That's like Junior B back home.
But, yeah.
That's when you had like 30 goals in 10 games because you were lighting that league up.
I remember.
Sidney Crosby of Cardiff.
But all the guys on my team were rocking like Hollister and Abercrombie.
And I'm like, what the fuck are you guys doing?
Like Aeropostale?
Give me a fucking break, man.
I'll buy you a fucking... Hey, no word of a lie.
Our backup goalie who worked at like an enterprise rental car service over there.
I don't know if it was called that.
But he had the most embarrassing gym shoes that had duct tape all over them.
I left my Nike runners for him.
This guy was making 50 fucking pounds a week playing hockey.
That's insane.
I used to ask some of the Russians if when you buy those shirts,
do you get the free frosted tips included with it too?
They're like, what's that?
Hey, dude, what was the first time,
what was your face the first time
that you get pasta for pregame meal
and then guys are just squirting ketchup all over it?
And you're like, dude, what are you doing?
I wish there was a camera on my face.
Like, I was, like, so lost.
I looked like the dumbest person ever.
I'm like, what is going on here?
Why am I here?
So nothing changes.
What was the lady situation?
Like, I don't know if you're okay.
I said, before you say, I say you're either a 1 or a 12.
Yeah, you are.
There's no medium looking girl.
There's just disgusting and then there's
absolute rockets.
Exactly. I don't know where they come from because the guys,
some of them are bad looking, but they have these
haircuts and some of them are just so ugly.
How do all these girls come...
Where do they come from?
Teddy, you're either like Olga
or like Valerie.
Exactly. You're either like Olga or like Valli. Yeah. Exactly.
You're either the girl from Dodgeball or Irina Chirac or whatever her name is.
Yeah, you're like Kornikova or you're walking out of Chernobyl with three eyes.
Yeah, they're hot.
I got to say, they're good.
The ones that could speak.
I'll tell you a funny story.
Like, I go over there the first time and I get, this girl writes me on Instagram.
I'm like, fuck, I'm feeling pretty confident about it i'm like she's hot she comes over but the conversation was like pretty
choppy back and forth you know but i was like oh you can deal with that she gets to my house
no english she was google translating swear at my house talking we're like
i had to pass every the phone back and forth the whole like how old are you here's my phone
google translate prove it prove it. Prove it.
Oh, my God.
Make sure you take screenshots.
I know.
No, no, no.
I didn't mean to interrupt.
Go ahead.
Oh.
It was just so hard to communicate with people.
I was in, like, Siberia.
So I'm not in Moscow.
Like, Moscow and St. Petersburg,
these are, like, unbelievable cities.
I was in fucking Siberia.
And no one speaks
English. I basically forgot how to talk
or have a conversation because I would talk to people
like I would talk to my dog. I'm like,
Teddy, Teddy, Teddy hungry.
Yes, Teddy. I got home and I was
speaking like a complete moron to
people. I'm like, we go tonight.
Food? Sushi? They're like, what the
fuck? I'm like, I haven't spoken real
English because I'd be in the locker room.
Skates?
Sharp?
Yeah.
Tape?
Stick?
And then, like, they'd put on, oh, I know exactly what you're saying.
And then, can I get your opinion on when you're in Russia, it doesn't matter if it's three weeks, three months, 13 months, 10 years.
When you get home, were you not the happiest person in the world the first week?
Oh, my God.
I appreciate everything.
I know.
It's been five and a half weeks, and I haven't stopped celebrating.
I keep acting like I was in jail, and I got released.
I got home.
I went Scottsdale, Vegas, LA.
This guy went to Coachella both weeks, and then stagecoach,
and then he came to Scottsdale.
Because you've been thinking about it since December
when you're sitting in Yaroslav
Christmas Eve and you're
puking up your
bread with mayonnaise and fish eggs on it
and you're thinking, I'm going to Coachella.
I'm going golfing in Vegas.
I planned
my first four months home while I was there.
Yeah, I know. It was so
exciting. Honestly, I forgot how
I could get that excited
it was like 11 year old when you get like new street hockey pads at christmas time
those have to be the longest road trips you've ever had in siberia i mean that's like
eight time zones isn't it just going to moscow yeah there's like yeah there's and uh even like
there's team in china we had one flight it was like nine hours and then these guys like hate
days off so you get into like eight in the morning you play the next day but still we go sleep all day at the hotel get up at 7 p.m
go to the prac go practice we play the next day and you eat like your fucking fish eggs at 10
o'clock and go to bed they're like oh good good day teddy good day i'm like no that's the worst
no that's the worst day of my life time for russian gas hey are you uh Hey, are you on a team forced to stay at the baza?
Oh, yeah.
It's like a jail cell.
I would sleep in my sweatpants.
I wouldn't get under the covers.
Hey, they're like checking your computer on the way in.
You're like, oh, my God.
I can't believe you had to do that.
Teddy, Instagram probably didn't help your situation.
I don't know if you deleted it or had it because you're just seeing how much fun everybody else is having and you're miserable.
I know, it was tough.
I know.
So did you delete it sometimes or were you just living with it?
No, I needed it.
Teddy, how many FaceTime hours?
Like 9 million probably.
Yeah, yeah, thanks for FaceTiming me.
You had 9 million, you didn't FaceTime me once.
The time change was tough though too.
Yeah, I know. That's a battle. You had 9 million. You didn't FaceTime me once. The time change was tough, though, too.
Yeah, I know.
That's a battle.
In the morning there, for our team, we would, you know, you had the team warm up every morning,
like, on the bikes and shit, right?
Oh, yeah.
Like the kids, yeah. So we had ours, and they set up, like, this big, like, monitor kind of, and they would
just play, like, the highlights of the NHL games the night before.
Did your team do that?
Yeah, the boys, like, watched every goal, like, ever before.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Exactly, so I guess all the teams do this.
Dude, that was, those were the lowest moments of my life.
I'm seeing my boys in highlights, and then I'm looking, I'm like,
wait, they played in Chicago last night.
They don't play for three nights, they stay in Chicago.
Oh, my God, I'm still on this bike in Russia, like,
watching old NHL clips when you're not there anymore,
you just put a bullet in my head right now.
I know.
I used to play in this league, and I was actually okay, and now I'm here.
I'm like, oh, God, turn this off, guys.
Yeah, they had a big OT, went on the road.
Now they're going to town nightclub for a late dinner,
then right to the club, probably have 10 dimes lined up.
Yeah, and I'm going to drink whiskey and apple juice in Moscow for 10 hours.
And you're putting a mask on just so you can survive the day.
What'd you think of the hockey, though?
I thought it was, like, a lot of skilled players.
Yeah, there are.
Everyone's just on their own page, you know?
There's, like, no structure.
There's no coaching at all.
I get to the first day, coach is, like, power play,
and he, like, hands me a board and walks away.
He probably speaks English.
What the fuck's going on now? Half these guys
don't even speak English either.
So guys just do their own thing and buzz around
everywhere. There's no hitting
or no fighting or anything.
But these guys,
I would go over there, you have so much time with
the puck, and you're like, after a while, you just get
confused. You're like, ah, fuck, I'm going to hold on to it a little bit more.
I'll pass it. I don't want to shoot. I want to pass
it. One of the guys comes
up to me like, I must have given
15 passes that game.
He's like, I gave him another one, or
I didn't give him one. I shot it. He goes, Teddy,
I open. I open. I score. I'm like,
if you're fucking always open, why are you
in the cage show? Why are you fucking
in the NHL with Ovechkin?
Shut your mouth.
They're always all open, dude.
You can snipe one of four guys.
Like, I open if you see next time.
I open next time.
Yeah, I know.
You don't see.
You don't pass.
Oh, my God.
And, Teddy, we're going to back it up a bit.
And I know you probably hated being in Russia.
Now, I guess you can compare it to the American Hockey League
because the year before I was with you,
you kind of got shafted a little bit
in LA. You got sick.
Maybe didn't start
off on the right foot there. And obviously,
Sutter's a pretty
500 or 200 foot game
kind of guy. Maybe not your type of system.
I think you can do it, though,
when you want to. No, but let's call
a spade a spade. I mean, they kind of blackballed you right from the beginning
and just talk about your experience coming down to the American League.
That was a really big piece of humble pie, too, actually.
That's the biggest.
Yeah, it is.
But you know what?
There was a good group of guys on there.
Their coach was awesome.
And Rob Blake, who I played with, he was the GM there at the time.
He's in L.A. now, obviously. But he let me stay up by the beach in Hermosa.
I felt bad for these kids.
They were, like, bussing all the time,
and Blakey was letting me fly out of LAX to meet the boys on the road.
So, like, they sent me down, but he didn't kick me when I was down still,
so it was pretty cool of him to be able to do that.
And the guys down there were all awesome.
We got to listen to Biz every day.
Biz, like, tours ACLs, like, six times in, I mean, down there were all awesome. We got to listen to Biz every day. Biz, like,
tore his ACLs,
like,
six times in,
like,
three weeks
we were down there.
He's just making
his own food
and bringing Tupperware
to the rink.
Hey,
he's like,
wait,
will I get paid all summer
if I tear the other one?
Teddy,
hold on,
like,
rip my ankle in half here.
I know.
The insurance man,
he was just,
like,
trying to separate his shoulder,
like,
stepping on his toes,
trying to break him and shit
Oh that was a tough year for me
So thanks for kicking me
While I'm down
But they were fun
I got to go to the rink every day
With two torn ACLs
And watch Teddy play
We had some good times
I mean fuck
We had a couple good fun trips
We went to Tucson a couple times
Yeah we did
I gotta get closer to my mic.
I'm getting the wave in.
Sorry about that.
You're getting the death look.
Then you have roommates on the road, too.
I forgot about that when you go down to the NHLs,
but I had the pleasure of rooming with Biz on a few trips.
You guys were roomies?
Oh, we would just go to sleep.
You're just throwing NHL games and just chirp every guy.
You're like, look at that pass.
I'm better than that fucking guy.
That was mostly Teddy, and I'd just be like, yeah, I know.
I could beat him up.
Yeah, I know.
I'm so that guy.
I hate guys when they retire and they hate hockey, and they're like, oh, fuck this.
I should be still playing.
It gave us so much, the game.
It's awesome.
Be happy.
I want everyone to be rich.
I love when I see guys sign huge tickets.
You get all these old miserable fucks that are so mad they didn't make money.
Well, all right.
I mean, yeah, you were probably better than I was, but I made more money,
and you shouldn't hate me for it because now I see guys sign huge tickets.
I'm so happy for all of them.
That's the same thing.
I also say now to people, like, you think you could come out and still play hockey?
I'm like, I couldn't even play in the coast.
Biz was an all-star there, so I probably could,
but I still don't think I could play there.
No, man, these games are way too fast.
I could never skate anyways.
I'm like, these guys are freaks.
Where are they coming from?
Have you been keeping up to date with the playoffs, Teddy?
Yeah, I mean, I don't sit down and watch every game,
but yeah, I've been seeing highlights.
I've been watching.
I watched the Tampa game yesterday.
I was rooting for them, obviously, because I played there,
but they got dusted again.
That's exactly what I was going to ask you.
Did you have an affinity for them because you spent such a long time down there?
Yeah, I'm still buddies with a lot of people.
The staff and the trainers and stuff, they're all good people.
I still talk to a couple of those guys a lot, too.
Yeah, I was rooting for them.
Do you think Tampa gets a bad rap among  I mean, there's been a team there for a long time. They've won a cup. They've got a great to him. Yeah, I was rooting for him. Do you think Tampa gets a bad rap among, I mean, there's been a team there
for a long time. They've won a cup. They've got a great fan base.
Do you think they still kind of get a bad rap just because they're
in Florida and it's kind of guilt by association
because they're close to Miami, sort of?
Yeah, maybe, I guess. I mean,
that owner there, that Jeff Bennett, he's awesome.
He's got the whole city. He gives back
so much. He's got a, I mean, every game
is sold out. I mean, it's mostly
people coming from out of town and stuff, but it's an awesome atmosphere to play in that rink, I mean, every game is sold out. I mean, it's mostly people coming from, you know, out of town and stuff,
but it's an awesome atmosphere to play in
that rink, too. They do it right down there.
Yeah, it is a great atmosphere.
Hey, do you think that
Stamkos, like, doesn't get enough credit
for, like, being a leader, being someone
the guys respect and love? Like,
I think people think of him as kind of a sniper
that goes out and it's easy to him, but
his work ethic's on a different level, would you say?
Yeah, he's one of the hardest-working guys.
He learned from Marty and Vinny.
Those guys worked harder than anyone, too.
Yeah, I don't know why people say that about Stammer sometimes,
but he's an unbelievable captain, too.
I mean, the guy who fought a few times this year,
if he's not scoring and playing well, he, like, throws his body around and hits.
Like, he always tries to do what's right for the team.
I think he's a great leader, and he's an unbelievable dude, too.
And even in the offseason.
Good combo.
Oh, offseason with Gary?
Yeah.
Those guys are nuts, man.
They're so dedicated.
Yeah.
If they have a commercial shoot or something at, like, 8 in the morning,
they'll go in at, like at 5 or 6 to work out.
Gary's like 100 years old, still sprinting down the field with that crazy look in his eye.
He's like, oh my God.
I'm afraid of Gary Roberts personally.
Dude, he threatened me.
He's very intense, and we'll get to that.
But yeah, as far as that's concerned, I'll just throw it back to Witt
because I forgot what I was going to say.
No, that's no shocker.
He's got his documentary on his mind.
Gary Roberts got traded to our team in Pittsburgh,
and it might have been the first day.
We were on the road when he came.
If not the first day, the second day he came down.
You know, guys are eating in the hotel before the bus comes over.
Dude, I was crushing Fruit Loops, I was crushing Fruit Loops.
I was crushing Fruit Loops.
Everyone gets egg white omelets.
And I just had this double box.
You know the boxes of Fruit Loops?
Like a double box, poured it in.
What's the opposite of skim milk?
Whole milk.
Whole milk.
And he came over.
I didn't know him.
He's like, don't you ever let me see you eating Froot Loops the day of a game again.
I was like, oh, I'm sorry, sir.
I'm sorry.
He's a petrifying dude.
And I remember what I was going to say now.
It's like I commend guys like, for instance, Sid.
I mean, you know him a bit.
And they're just so dedicated where I'm like, oh, God, how do you do that all the time?
I just want to go out and booze and have beers with the guys.
And they're just so disciplined. I know booze and have beers with the guys.
They're so disciplined.
I know.
They have another level.
There's good players in the NHL, but those top guys,
I guess they want to stay there.
I see the same thing.
I'm like, dude, that's hard all the time.
Take a day off or something.
Enjoy yourself a little bit.
I say, dude, I played golf with this kid the other day.
How good is Crosby?
He's the best.
No, no, no. Go ahead.
It's funny that we're like, oh, man, take a day off.
Three of us are talking about it.
We're all done now.
Exactly.
But I wouldn't change it for a second.
No, and that's what I'm saying is I'm not going to be hypocritical about it.
I'm aware of why I'm still not playing.
I could have not partied, but I had to be myself.
And part of my job in the NHL was to essentially be a jester in the locker room.
Like, literally part of my game plan was, hey, go out the night before,
get a kill, come back to the locker room, tell the boys about it,
get all the merry guys fired up who don't get to do that stuff.
And they were grateful, and they were probably like, yeah, you know,
get busy another year.
Yeah, like, give him one more year. But this kid is like, Crosby's that good? I'm like, yeah, you know, give Biz another year. Yeah, give him one more year.
But this kid is like, Crosby's that good?
I'm like, dude, he's so good.
And he's like, does he work that much harder than everyone?
I'm like, yeah.
I'm like, that's the thing that you don't understand.
People say, oh, they want to be so good.
They want to be one of the best.
You actually have to give up.
The kid said, he's probably given up so much in his life to become that good.
I go, he's given up everything.
He's given up everything.
And Stam goes the same way. These guys, I mean, these guys, and that's. I go, he's given up everything. He's given up everything. And Stamkos is the same way.
These guys, I mean, these guys, and that's what you said, Teddy, is a good point.
Like, they just want to stay there, whereas you're like, dude, you've won three cups,
Sid. You've won every award.
Like, why are you still getting up at 6 in the morning in July to go skate by yourself?
But it's just a different level of person that becomes this elite level, you know, NHL
or any sport talent.
Yeah, they have such good discipline,
and they just want to stay committed like that.
I didn't have that in me, obviously, but you've got to tip your cap to them.
But remember we went to Vail training,
and it was the first time I skated with Shed.
He was coming down, taking backhand slappers and pushing it.
Yelling at guys if they missed passes in practice during the lockout
when the league didn't start for like four months.
I was like, oh my God, this guy's insane.
That's when the trip ended and all of us were together, like Crosby, Tavares, like all these other studs.
And we did a shot and we were just going to get after that night.
And Duchesne wouldn't do the shot.
Remember that?
Remember that, Teddy?
Every guy did the shot.
Duchesne's like, no, no.
We're like, oh, my God, dude.
Come on.
Let's do a shot with the boys.
Oh, speaking of that.
Sid's doing one.
That's when I went to light up Cardiff, and you guys all stayed behind.
Not a big deal.
And you guys went from city to city having these training camps.
Best time ever.
Right, and then you guys went to Dallas,
and I heard a story about how Napoli ended up joining you guys one night.
Oh, that cheap prick, Mike Napoli.
So you remember this, Teddy?
Yeah, at that nightclub?
Yes.
So you tell the story, Teddy.
You give your version of it.
No, you do it.
I don't know all the details.
All right, I'll give my version of it because I remember it perfectly.
We went out in Dallas and there was, what did he say, 15, 20 NHL guys?
Yeah, it was almost like a full team.
We have good practice.
Yeah, and we have good skates.
Then, guys, we go golf, and we go after it.
So we went out, and Napoli, I think he wanted to hang out with us.
He was looking to hang out with us.
That's what I heard.
So he comes out, and then he brings us out to this place, or he has us meet him.
I don't remember exactly how we ended up with him, but, dude, he's at a table.
By the way, he's making, I think, 12 million at the time.
It was a three-year contract for 36
million. So dude,
we all gave him some money.
I'm pretty sure that's how it worked out.
This is Mike Napoli that used to play with the Red Sox.
Yeah, the Major League Baseball player.
For the hockey fan community.
Whatever the night ended up costing,
everyone gave money, or people gave him
money. He comes in the next day, or he sent in
something. He sent in the PR person. He sent in one of his
guys like, hey, Napoli says
you guys owe him another
800. We were like, what the
fuck? No, between
15 guys. And the whole
room's like, where is that pigeon?
He was begging to hang out with us. He made 12 million.
He's looking for 800.
I remember that.
We didn't see him, though, that next night.
Yeah, we were like, all right, well, he's not invited.
And the next night we rip it up in the Big D.
Baseball pussies.
Well, Teddy must have showed up an hour and a half late.
That's probably why I was asking for his name.
No, yeah.
Teddy and I just thought about it.
That was the same skate when on the way to the skate we were getting ready.
We were like, all right, man, you're going to go out there
and you're going to practice like you would be to ready if the season starts.
And then on the way to the rink in the morning, I'd be gassing beers on the way to skate.
Yeah.
Me, me, me, me, or me and you and Bugsy, right?
Bugsy.
We're like, let's have a good skate today, boys.
And like, we're just bears in the backseat of the car.
We're like, uh, right after this one.
Get this last one down.
We stopped drinking
five hours ago. We have to have this other
Bud Light before the skate got loosened up here, boys.
Hey, that was the skate
where Dan Cleary, so we'll get
into Teddy. Teddy is from Newfoundland
and a legend from Newfoundland. Dan Cleary
is from Newfoundland. Cleary was so bad
in this skate that Keith Yandel after
the skate goes, he's like, bear.
He's like, bear. Holy fuck, I got bad news.
I just heard they're actually scratching your name off the Stanley Cup because they saw
how bad you were in that skate.
I think it's Dan Cleary, this story, and Jans was sending me pictures.
I think I was in Cardiff at the time, and you guys were in Scottsdale having this skate,
and at the time-
That was where it happened. Oh, no. It was the Dallas skate where Bear couldn't skate. Right, but then they ended you guys were in Scottsdale having this skate, and at the time... That was where it happened.
It was the Dallas skate where Bear couldn't skate.
Right, but then they ended up having one in Scottsdale.
Yeah, we went there, too.
We only went there for a couple days. I only went there for one
day, because I think the league started
pretty soon after that one, didn't it? Yeah, people started
panicking at the skates. Everyone was like, holy fuck!
Pass me the puck! Let me do some one-timers!
I think this was around the time where they were going to
wrap things up, and guys started being aware of it, and it was close to Christmas. Yeah. do some one-timers. I think this was around the time where they were going to wrap things up and guys started
being aware of it.
And it was close to Christmas.
Yeah.
It was pretty close to Christmas.
So at the W. Scottsdale Hotel.
Oh, dude, I have to video this.
They had artificial ice on top of the pool.
It was kind of like a Christmas theme.
So Dan Cleary was staying at the W. Scottsdale Hotel.
So he went up to his room, got his skates, came down.
Oh, way better.
You're off.
You're off.
Okay, all right, all right.
Dude, you were having drinks there.
None of us were staying there.
We were having drinks.
And next thing you know, Horkoff goes, oh, my God, look, look.
And we were, we look, Bear had the rented plastic skates because you could just, like,
go there and skate.
And Bear's bombing around looking at us with his ankles bent.
And he was like, you're better than you were the whole skates in Scottsdale.
And there was people trying to give him pointers.
He's a legend.
Dan Clear is a legend.
There were civilians.
Yeah, and he's like, what do I do?
They're like, bend your knees a little bit, buddy.
These guys want a Stanley Cup top six pick.
Oh, man.
Teddy, if Tampa Bay struggles, if they don't manage to get past Washington,
do you think John Cooper's job will be in jeopardy or what?
Oh, wow.
Holy fuck.
All right.
Putting you on the spot.
Where did that come from?
I don't know.
I like it.
Come off the top rope seat.
I don't know.
I think Eisenman's so patient, and he takes his time.
And, like, sometimes he makes the crazy moves, and then they end up working out.
So he's smarter than all of us. We all look like idiots.
But I think he'll be patient, like, maybe another year.
I think he just signed him to, like, a three-year extension or something.
But, I mean, that team is built to win now.
So, I mean.
I don't think he's going anywhere.
I don't think he's going anywhere.
I get the sense that he's not going anywhere.
I think he's a good coach.
I think he's got a cockiness to him that a lot of good coaches have.
You almost need to have because you can tell he's confident in every decision he makes.
I'll play devil's advocate, though, Teddy.
He tells you, oh, yeah, he's not afraid to mix it up.
He used to get mad when we wouldn't invite him to team Christmas parties and shit.
I was like, Coop, this is a team. You're the coach like we don't do that you're like you're
like why you didn't understand it okay but let me play devil's advocate here though is
i mean backstrom's not playing for washington i think they have a superior team i think they
got a better back end i think their goaltending's pretty much at par and i think they have better
forwards in the lineup if he doesn't get it done this year, you don't think he's getting the ax?
They're going to give him another year?
I mean, there's no way he gets axed.
Boys, I've seen coaches get fired with longer term.
I know.
That's true.
Well, Julian.
I mean, they're always right there in the regular season,
but they're struggling in the playoffs the last couple years.
He's been there for probably six or seven years now,
and they're built to win now.
They have this point coming up who's a fucking stud.
You're like, where did this guy come from?
But he's still on an entry-level deal, so they're going to have to make some moves.
So their time is now or next year, I feel like.
Yeah, I mean, I agree with that.
It's not coming to a close, but it's where it needs to be right now.
Because like you said, when Point needs to get paid, everything changes.
Same with Kucherov.
His contract's up next year, too, or something.
That guy's going to get paid.
He's so good.
I know.
Hey, so quickly, I want to go back away from current.
I want to go away from current because we've talked about Russia
and we've talked about the AHL,
but I don't think people necessarily realize
how good of a player you were.
Do you have a favorite NHL moment?
Do you have an NHL moment in 30 years when you're hanging with your buddies
that you'll think back of as maybe one of your best games you ever played
or best seasons, things like that?
Yeah, I think the playoffs were the most fun.
Obviously, the stories and dinners with the boys,
but that's never going to change.
Hockey-wise, there's a couple, actually.
I first got to L.A. and we're playing against the Wings,
and they were stacked back then.
They're like 10 All-Famers.
I'm at the red line right before the three-on-two,
and I'm just staring at them.
I thought I was the only person on the ice.
I was just lost in my own world.
All of a sudden, my ankle, like, goes in.
I'm like, fuck, what's that?
I missed, like, two three-on-twos.
Dustin Branko took a slap shot at my foot.
He's like, hey, wake up.
We've got to play these guys in, like, 10 minutes.
Stop staring.
I'm like, sorry, sorry.
And, like, took a couple of high steps and, like, went and shot a puck.
I was, like, so nervous.
That's like when I used to watch Lindstrom.
I used to watch him skate onto the ice
And like what he did
And I was just staring
I'm like I gotta go warm up
Jesus Christ
It's time to play the game
I know
That's exactly how I felt
And probably like my
Best game
I don't know what best
But best moment was probably
We were playing against your B's
Against Tampa
When they beat us 1-0
Or they beat us 1-0 in game 7
But we were playing
In Tampa
I can't remember what game it was, but I scored two, like,
I don't talk about myself in hockey law, but I scored two nice ones in one ship.
I had to get back to the bench, and I had to get a fucking gas mask.
It was, like, 7,000 degrees in Tampa.
I had to get the oxygen mask.
I'm, like, blacking out.
I panicked.
I didn't know what just happened.
Now, Ted, you just mentioned the game seven.
I'm glad you brought it up so I didn't sound like the total homer once again.
But was that one of the, like, best, the best just pure hockey games you ever took part in?
I know you came on the wrong side, but just from a pure hockey perspective,
was that one of the best?
That was.
That was the best game I've ever been a part of.
Not one penalty.
It wasn't a penalty?
Not one penalty in Game 7.
The floor must have been incredible.
I remember watching.
It was insane.
For a 1-0 game, it couldn't have been any better.
Yeah.
I played with Andrew Ferentz in Edmonton.
We talked about it, too.
He's like, dude, remember that game seven?
He's like, that was probably the best game I was ever a part of, too.
Just back and forth, good goalies.
The Bruins were so tough, too.
They were beating the shit out of us.
That fourth line was pretty incredible.
Was that when they had Payet?
That was the Merlot line.
Yeah, Thornton and Campbell, right?
Yeah, Thornton, Campbell, and Paillet.
Going back to last podcast, I forgot to mention
that seventh guy from Welland,
and it was Dan Paillet, and he won a cup with the Bees.
I forgot
to mention him, so I apologize for that.
Now, Teddy, we're not going to
name names of who the guy was,
but the funniest story that you ever told me was when you guys were in Buffalo
and it was late in the game and you had two girls meeting you in NYC.
So I'm going to let you take over that.
We're not going to name names, but we're going to tell a story.
All right.
So we're  yeah, we're  this is what I missed in Russia too.
I was single at the time, playing in Buffalo,
but we're going to New York after.
We had a day off the next day, and it was this girl's birthday.
So they were flying into New York to meet us.
Like, classy move.
Had champagne and, like, strawberries sent to a room.
Like, a good dude.
Me and this other guy on my team were, like, giggling, all excited,
just to get out of Buffalo and go beat him after the game and it was it was one to one with like a minute and a half
left and uh keep in mind you've never played a shift together all season yet exactly so the
coach is like it was like uh coach just throws us out there at the end so me and him look at each
other we're like oh shit the closers are going out together let's get this done because both
these guys are prepared to meet these girls Because both these guys are prepared to meet these girls.
Because both these guys are prepared to meet these two girls
because she was bringing her friend.
And then it was like, I stole the line, but we come down.
He makes an unbelievable pass to me.
I go, fake shot, throw a backdoor to him.
He taps it in.
I'm like, let's fucking get the plane.
We don't go to overtime here.
We don't have time for that.
They're like, the closers.
We're on the bench on the bus.
Tricked bears in the back.
Send the closers out next game.
Which leads me to a very similar hockey story,
and this one's in Phoenix when they had their heyday with Talk It.
Phoenix's heyday.
They won 25 games that year.
Jesus, tough crowd.
It was when J.R., Kachuk, and those guys were there.
And they had a similar situation.
They had a day off the next day.
And they all had the last flight out, a commercial flight,
that night after their game.
And at the time, they were playing downtown.
So sure enough, whoever they were playing tied it up late.
And they're like, oh, fuck.
And they even had a police escort ready to go for them right from the rink to the airport.
Overtime's an extra 20 minutes, though.
An extra 20 minutes because they used to flood before the overtime's in.
So apparently, Kachuk, the other team tied it.
And there was like little time left.
He looked down the bench.
He's like, don't worry worry Because everyone's all rattled
On the bench
He's like don't worry boys
I got this one
He went out there
And scored that shift
Like just took the puck
From in his own end
Went down and scored
And after the game
They're like hey
Like you have media
Because you just scored
The overtime winner
And he's like
Uh uh we gotta go
We gotta plane the catch
Right to the fucking
Police escort right to the plane
And they fucking went
And partied in
vegas that night i love those stories that's what i would have missed about playing the most
and they never the dinner they never get old the dinner i know oh my god and like i miss it so much
i just might start playing men's league but then like the dinners will be at applebee's and shit
just to go back to that khl for a minute, there was a lot of chatter online.
I know there was one Russian columnist who tweeted, like, big tweets to him about possible conspiracy in the KHL.
Now, you played in the league this year.
Did you feel that the league was really rigged toward one team?
Toward Scott.
Scott, right?
Okay.
Yeah, it's so corrupt.
It's hilarious.
It's for sure corrupt.
Like, we played that that team and it was actually
a good game it was like they ended up beating us three to two but the penalties were like
they had like 15 power plays it was almost funny on the bench like there was an icing like all the
guys on our team would stop because their hand was up and the next thing you know scott players
are still skating the guys like we stop at the red line because it's like thought it's going to be
icing the guys are buzzing down getting the puck like scoring
they're waving off
icings last second for them
do you fear for your life
that you're talking about this
and maybe that
like Russian spies
sometimes I do
because like
we're pretty hard on the KHL
you ever think
they're just going to be like
alright fuck it
send the troops over
and then
yeah they killed those people
in England
we must take out
you got to get rid of Whitney
but we talked about
how nice the girls were,
so we're not like totally all of them.
They're Abercrombie shirts.
If I get killed by a guy with an Abercrombie shirt from Russia,
that's like a tough way to go.
With frosted tips, too.
With frosted tips, yeah.
But it's like he like gels his bangs.
He just like gels his bangs straight down his head
so his bangs are like almost touching his nose.
But the team who everyone thought was rigged for ended up losing, though, right?
Yeah, they lost.
That was good because, I mean, it sucks for a guy like you playing,
you know, you're busting your balls trying to win.
And then the team who beat him lost, too.
Yeah, the team, I can't remember what team won.
Kazan. Kazan won, I think.
Kazan won, yeah, yeah.
With Andre Markov, former Montreal Canadian.
They had a few North Americans on that team, that Justin Azevedo.
Yeah, he's sick over there.
I know.
I played with him in the minors.
He was pretty good back then.
This was like 12 years ago, probably.
Over there, we played him one time.
I'm like, who's this guy buzzing around?
I know.
It's crazy.
You can't understand the names on the back of the jersey.
There's so much shrapnel on the jersey.
You're like, where'd they stick the name on this thing?
So when I was over there,
the one guy, Panarin
was still there, and I was like, this guy's
going to be insane. This guy's so sick.
Is there a guy you saw this year that we'll be hearing his name
in a couple years?
There's this one kid on...
No, I don't know any of their names.
I don't even know any of the team names.
No, there is some really skilled guys, but he's like
Oh, go ahead.
I don't know any of the  he shoots left.
He's like 18.
He had like eight goals in the playoffs or something.
People were talking about him.
Was that Nikushin?
Remember that Nikushin or whatever his name was?
Nikita Nikushin or whatever?
That's not his name.
The guy used to play in Dallas.
I feel like there's some borderline cusp guys who are like NHL caliber,
like a guy like Nigel Dawes or a guy like Kevin Dallman,
and they go over there and they just flourish.
They light it up.
And they're making like 3 million, 4 million tax-free.
That's way more than they were ever going to make playing over here,
and their style of game fit in over there.
Exactly, and if people enjoy it over there,
it's a good way to make some good money and take it back.
I don't think, for me personally, it wasn't worth it.
I'm a pretty skinny guy anyways.
I was depressed.
I lost 15 pounds.
I had to get my parents to come over
because they'd talk me off the ledge.
I was like, dude, I'm not doing the same.
I made my parents come at different times
so it wasn't like one trip with both of them. I was like, Mom, you come then. the same. I made my parents come at different times, so it wasn't like one trip with both of them.
I was like, Mom, you come then.
Dad, you come then.
I need help.
I was going to say, after all, none was worth it,
but apparently it wasn't.
No, I mean, I was only there for four months.
Yeah, it was worth it.
Like, listen, it was such a culture shock.
I'm a chatty guy.
Obviously, three of us haven't shut up in an hour but uh like i couldn't even have a conversation with her like
i went one time i sat at the bar like no english get my food like or if i went and i had a steak
and salad and like uh rice so then i'm like trying to order dessert like pointing at shit
after my meal my beer like 15 minutes after my beer they brought me out a baked potato i'm like i was like can you get some icing for that that looks delicious they're like yeah take
some ice cream with it you're like what yeah i don't know like get me out of here but the life
experience is good i mean you can always like learn from that type of shit i suppose right
yeah for sure and i mean i went to china i'd probably never go to china but they have a team
like i we had a break i went to dubai bel I'd probably never go to China, but they have a team.
Like, we had a break.
I went to Dubai.
Belarus is actually a cool country, too.
Like, they have a team in Helsinki.
To sleep in. It was cool to...
Yeah.
But it was kind of cool to see those things.
But, I mean, it would have been cool for, like, a half hour.
Now it's for, like, four months.
Yeah.
Daddy, I mean, I don't...
What else do you guys have to talk about?
We pretty much dragged yourself...
Oh, I asked you to come on. We asked you to come on for 20 minutes.
That's what we always do.
We suck in.
You're the best, buddy.
I think we just got a three-part episode out of this.
Teddy, you know what you have to do is maybe you come to New York City
and we're here.
You come to Boston.
We need a little sit-down.
Do this in person.
That would be perfect.
Yeah, I'd love that.
Maybe play some golf.
I know.
I miss you, buddy.
Thanks so much.
I'm coming out to Boston.
I got a wedding.
Mark Fain's getting married out there.
When?
June 29th.
Yep.
Are you in town?
I'm in town.
We'll be maybe swinging the wrenches and then getting after it.
Tell Fain to give me an invite.
I will.
All right, buddy.
All right, guys.
Well, thanks for having me.
Teddy, you're the best, buddy.
Thank you so much. Thanks. I will. Alright, guys. Well, thanks for having me. Teddy, you're the best, buddy. Thank you so much.
Anyway, we're going to move on to
my producer, or I guess
is that weird to say? Is it conceited?
My producer, Pasha, for the business
he does at BC? Yeah, that's perfect.
Is that great? Yeah.
Alright, let's do it. Here he is.
Guys, I want to introduce you guys to a guest.
I don't know if you guys heard today, but I released a documentary series.
No shit?
Yeah.
No.
I haven't heard.
Yeah?
Well, it's called Biz Nasty Does BC.
You haven't stroked yourself enough yet.
Well, yeah, I got the-
You're the Errol Morris of hockey, I hear.
I got the baby oil.
I got both hands on it, and I'm just stroking away.
Pull back the Forzy. Snuffle off a kiss. I got both hands on it, and I'm just stroking away. Pull back the 4Z.
Snuffle off a kiss.
Ready to go.
You'll cack in a sec.
A little too much info here.
But, you know, I wanted to introduce Pasha.
He's the producer.
Quickly, before we get into that, guys, I just want to let everyone know that this wonderful
podcast we're doing here at the Barstool Headquarters tonight is presented by MyBookie.ag.
You think you know who's going to win the hockey game tonight?
Lay down some money and get it on the action of the safest online sports book in the world.
Yeah, I don't know who's going to win, but I don't mind betting,
and mybookie.ag is the way to go.
It's the only one that we recommend to our listeners, I promise you.
mybookie.ag offers all kinds of different wagers on Major League Baseball, NHL,
as well as any other type of sport and league in the world.
And when you win, you get lightning-fast payouts.
It comes two to three days right in the mailbox.
Not a big deal.
You can even create your own player prop wagers using their prop machine.
You heard that right.
You can create your own matchups and wagers between any ballplayers that are in action that day.
So go check them out now and use the promo code SPIT for a 50 bonus when
you deposit. SPIT like biz to himself
when he's talking about his documentary.
I would only recommend a website to my listeners
that's been good to me. I haven't been winning
but the website when I have one before
it's been good to me so I promise you
they offer pretty much every sport and league
in the world which is great if you want to get some late
night Russian soccer league in the mix
including esports with League of Legends
and Counter-Strike.
Not to mention you can play all of their games on your cell phone,
iPad, or tablet computer.
It's entirely up to you.
You can literally play from anywhere.
And I promise you that in addition to all that,
if you're into casino games like blackjack, roulette, craps, or slots,
mybookie.ag has it all.
And I've gotten into that blackjack late night.
It is not good.
I say recommend.
Stick to the sports bet, and that's been good to me.
You play, you win, you get paid.
So if you want to get in on the action this summer, go to mybookie.ag now and sign up
with them using the promo code SPIT to ensure that you're eligible for all future promotions
and bonuses.
Visit Las Vegas from your couch.
Not a big deal.
And try them out today.
Once again, that's mybookie.ag.
Promo code SPIT.
How about that, fellas?
God damn.
Holy cow, man.
I'm crushing ad reads lately.
But, Pasha, go ahead.
I mean, as I was going to say, before I was so really interrupted by Witt,
I mean, the guy acts like he fucking runs the fucking show or something.
Holy shit, man.
But, yeah, I just wanted to say that, you know, I help Biz produce this show,
and I'm happy to be here.
I have so many questions for you.
Because dealing with this kid on a regular basis,
dealing with him once, twice a week is a disaster.
What was it like to go through this all with him?
I'm guessing it took 500 hours or so of kind of being together
and filming to get it all done.
Yeah, I would say it was at least 500 hours of work
to get this whole thing done.
I would say closer to 1,000.
It was definitely a bit of a feeling out process,
definitely a bit of a feeling out process working together.
It took a while for us to get to know each other and get a feel for how each other work.
The first few days shooting were stressful, to say the least.
Our first day shooting was with Morgan Riley on the boat for episode two,
and just imagine a crew of five guys, never worked together before, trapped on a boat
in the middle of the ocean in the hot sun.
You know, not much room to move.
We had like maybe a five, ten minute window
to shoot with this helicopter.
No spoilers if anyone hasn't seen it,
but you know, very tight window to shoot with that.
And it was extremely hectic.
So, you know, it started out kind of just thrown
into the deep end and we were kind of like,
what the fuck did we get ourselves into?
But I would say as things went along, we kind of all, all you know figured out how to work together and got into a groove and
by the end of it you know we were all kind of rolling and and things were good and and you know
i think it shows i think by the end you can just really tell like things are dialed in and and the
show really flourishes and it's been an amazing experience now you said you did it over 13 days
it took to record now you filmed it with the car gorilla style that's basically it's a people who
want film buffs it's it's a people who want
film buffs.
It's without permits.
You're just kind of doing
a quote-unquote illegally.
Did you have any issues
with anybody?
Did anyone ask for permits?
Did cops ever bust your balls?
Or did you pretty much
get away with everything
pretty easily?
I mean, the amount of times
we were told,
you guys can't film here
without a permit,
was pretty much everywhere.
Really?
And the amount of times
we went ahead with it
was pretty much every time.
Were you waiting
for them to leave?
Knock on wood,
we were fine. But pretty much Knock on wood, we were fine,
but pretty much everywhere we filmed,
we were told,
you can't film here without a permit.
That's kind of the way it goes with guerrilla filmmaking.
In order to go through the proper process and get the permits,
it takes a lot of money and time,
and we didn't really have that kind of money and time.
So we kind of just, you know what?
We said, fuck it.
We went through it.
We just kind of did it how it went,
and it worked out.
We had a lot of luck.
You've got to take advantage of that Canadian politeness when you can.
There you go.
Yeah, and you nailed it.
I think anyone who watches it in its entirety,
I know we only put one and two out so far.
Episode three comes out tomorrow.
But we were given a budget of 35,000 to start this thing,
and we ended up spending 70,000.
But based on production value i
think nobody who anyone who watched it would who knows film industry you'd say at least a quarter
of a million to put on that type of production and uh pasha does a great job at stretching the
budget and i called in a lot of favors and and was fortunate enough to have 17 guys come on the show
and agree to say whatever I wanted them to say.
So that's the thing.
I think that people who are listening to this tomorrow or Tuesday morning, excuse me, they've only seen episode one and two every day at noon until Thursday.
New episodes will be released.
I like episode four the best.
I think that people are going to love that with I Don't Give Anything Away.
But I want to know how you two met each other.
What was the connection?
What was the beginning of this relationship uh so i'm vancouver born and raised and uh biz has spent his about five last
summers in vancouver um so uh we had a mutual friend her name is jackie the alien shout out
jackie the alien jackie the alien i've heard about her from this before shout out to her
um yeah so you know we were both friends with her we met just through vancouver in the summers
hanging out partyingying, whatever.
We became buddies.
And then Biz knew I was a filmmaker, but he reached out to me.
He said, let's do a doc this summer.
And it really didn't start out how it was.
And over the course of the whole thing, it kind of grew and shaped into exactly what it was.
And I think it turned out pretty decent.
Who were your creative influences growing up? Were they movie directors or documentary directors, a little bit of both,
or just kind of found your own way toward it?
You know, honestly, I would say my favorite director is Christopher Nolan.
Great director. Phenomenal.
I love all of his Batman films, Inception, all that stuff.
But I would say I was big into music for this growing up,
and I think you can tell from this series that...
The music's great. The music, I think, can tell from this series that the music's great the music I think makes it
yeah
yeah we were great
music was great
I mean it was a pain
to kind of
fuck you Kigo
Kygo
he's a fucking pigeon
Kygo if you're listening
fuck you
fuck you Kygo
sorry to interrupt you
but I've actually talked
to some friends
who are in the music industry
and they say
him and his people
are scumbags
they're just fucking pigeons
so fuck you Kygo
fuck you Kygo
lick my nuts i don't
give if you're ever fucking djing somewhere i'm gonna pour a bottle of vodka right in your
fucking sound system take a hike kego not that i'm mad or not dirtbag but i would say you know i
you know i love music videos growing up and i would say any project i do my favorite part are
the parts that are musically intense and that that music drives the scene and you can see that
with episode one with sam with the biking scene,
and episode two, the montage with Morgan on the boat.
And I don't want to have any spoilers, but there's a lot more of that to come.
So for me personally, the scenes where it's music intensive,
it's like mini music videos within whatever project it is.
Those are my favorite.
And I think that's a product of growing up,
watching a lot of music videos and getting a feel for that.
Absolutely. I mean, just to break the movie, movie like Jaws the last 15 minutes of Jaws if you take the movie music out it's there's no effect to it the music makes the
last 50 of course it makes the whole movie but the last 15 minutes is incredible with the music
yeah the effect the music has is crazy which I think is such a big reason that Biz and I fought
so hard to maintain you know fought for the music because you know we had
we had a lot of different people tell us let's just swap out the music and you know we were like
no you know the music is the heart and soul of this thing and you can't just swap with the music
you take out the music you're taking out the heart and soul of things so we fought long and hard for
that and i think in the end we won most of the battles and we're very happy with that nice good
to hear yeah royalty the royalty game is crazy oh man years ago, it was no one cared, but it's all about
the dough now. I don't blame them. And it's so
hard to license the music, too.
Yeah, that's what you explained to me, where I
thought you could kind of just chuck
music into anything. Shows, I don't know, jack
shit, which has been proven a million times here.
But I mean, like, so basically
if you were to risk putting their music in and then they
heard it, then they could come after you. So you want to make sure
beforehand. Oh, you have to pay for it first yeah see i'm i'm wondering if
you guys just released it like would it have ended up like well barstow gets sued if you're
just some pigeon on on youtube they just take it down but if you're putting it on a major network
where people on a major documentary about business so not a big deal not a big deal. Not a big deal. So, when the, like, the pictures and the videos of the drones, how did you, were you flying the drone?
Like, how does that work?
I mean, if you're in charge of how you want this to look, you know how to fly those things?
Yeah, so I would say, you know, most of the footage, you see the drone footage, I was flying the drone.
And there were some, you know, for the most part, it was fine.
But, again, a drone is a very sketchy thing, especially nowadays.
You know, five years ago there weren't really regulations.
But now they're cracking down.
It's like you can't fly a drone here, you can't fly a drone there, downtown areas.
So there was, you know, a few sticky situations where, you know,
it's like throw the drone up for 30 seconds.
Like we got four guys looking out for cops,
one of which was we were in Victoria, Episode 4, you'll see.
We're flying the drone in front of the Parliament Building,
and we had a buddy doing spotting. And, you know, he hears a cop go, we got a Victoria, episode four, you'll see. We're flying the drone in front of the parliament building, and we had a buddy doing spotting, and he hears a cop go,
we've got a drone in the sky, we've got a drone in the sky.
So we had to take it down and kind of hop in the van and just get out of there.
So the drone was sketchy, but also we were very fortunate
that Tourism BC and Destination BC gave us some very cool shots.
We were kind of at a point where we were like, okay, we've got a lot of cool stuff,
but we could use a bit more.
I reached out to them, and they gave us access to their database,
and they had a wide range of amazing shots.
So some of the stuff you see in there is stuff that they had shot themselves,
tourism BC, destination BC.
Thank you to them.
And why wouldn't they want it out there?
Exactly, exactly.
It's promotion for them and their province, and yeah, so they helped a lot.
So before you guys started filming, I mean, I talked to Biz.
He said, listen, I'd like for you to just ask him and hear from Pasha himself the story of the night before you guys started all this.
Can I get that from your words?
Because I haven't heard it yet.
He wouldn't tell me.
He said, let Pasha.
I want Pasha to tell this story.
We'll give both POVs.
Okay.
Yeah, this is a bit of a debacle.
So this is the night before everything's starting.
So the next day is the the
day on the boat with morgan riley episode two as you can imagine biz and i are stressed through
our minds like the last couple days have just been like crazy trying to pull everything together
and this is about 10 p.m the night before we start shooting and uh you know i at this time i'm
leaving my parents in west van and biz is coming over to sleep sleep tonight because we're shooting
in north thank you or the next morning i got a call about 10 p.m and it's uh it's busy and he goes boss you're not
gonna believe this uh like you gotta come outside i'm like what do you mean he goes just just please
please come outside right now like i'm not joking around come outside i go okay fine i'll come
outside go outside i go out the driveway and my parents had just recently for whatever reason
we have a driveway that goes a little bit uphill and they had people that would, I guess, make bad turns backwards or forwards and go over the grass. So they put these two
massive concrete balls on either side of the driveway to deter people from, I guess, going
over the grass, which at the time I said is a terrible idea because our main road, it's on a
bit of a slope. So I go outside and business truck is, you know, part to the base of my driveway and
he's kind of like ducking, hiding behind the car. And like what's going on he goes man like i was turning into your driveway
and he's got this big rental truck and in his defense like he's not used to driving this thing
huge ass truck and he goes i clipped this massive concrete ball i just hear this noise and he goes
i look into my rear view and i see this concrete ball rolling down the street and then he goes out
of nowhere like it has a mind of its own it just goes hard right and he goes i concrete ball rolling down the street. And then he goes out of nowhere, like it has a mind of its own.
It just goes hard right.
And he goes, I see it go down your neighbor's driveway
and I just hear bang, a massive crash.
And so he's like hiding in his car.
And then like I come down there and then we hear like the neighbor come up
and we're kind of both like behind the car.
And I hear this noise, like the neighbor talking.
And we're like, oh shit.
And the neighbor comes up and we're like, hey, like what's up?
We kind of talk to him and he's like, you know, is that your concrete ball?
Is that your concrete ball?
And we're like, yeah, yeah, that's ours.
That's ours.
And he's like, yeah, like you want to take it back?
We're okay.
And we're kind of like, is there any damage?
And he's like, no, no, it's fine.
I'm like, sweet.
Cool.
We grabbed the ball.
Get the fuck out.
I grabbed this big cement ball and walk it up this guy's driveway.
I'm carrying it like it's those strongman competitions.
This thing's fucking massive.
It's hard to carry.
It takes almost two guys to carry.
Anyways, we get inside.
Bizzy's like, yo, I need a steam.
I'm stressed.
I'm like, fine.
He goes in the steam.
Steam room in his house.
Yeah, you're like, all right, Jess, come on out here.
Perfect.
I knew it was too good to be true to be over.
So I'm sitting there, and I just hear the phone.
My house phone rang.
This is about 11 p.m., and I'm like, no one calls the house phone at 11 p.m.
And it was the buzzer from the gate.
And I hear my dad answer.
I'm just hearing this phone call.
And I just hear my dad go, like, hello?
And he's like, concrete?
What concrete ball?
And I just hear him coming down the stairs.
I go out the front door.
What the fuck?
I'm in the fucking sauna stroking one off, and he's fucking interrupting me about this concrete fucking ball.
And I'm like, oh, my God.
So anyways, I grab Biz.
I'm like, yo, this situation's not over.
My dad just got called out.
I take Biz out there.
We all have a meeting.
And this ball went down this guy's driveway
and went right through his garage door,
made a massive hole in his garage door.
That's how this fucking thing started out.
That was the night before our shoot.
We have a million things on our minds, so stressed.
And his first time, me and my parents, this is just...
Nothing goes smooth with him.
Nothing goes smooth.
Last thing you needed was a nudity.
A nudity driveway.
Yeah, exactly.
It was a debacle.
And I'm pulling into his...
Because he's got this small-ass, narrow fucking driveway
and a 10 million house.
Fucking kids' parents are loaded.
You're like, pave your driveway, bro.
Yeah, so all of a sudden, I feel something Kind of hit the car
And I'm like oh shit
And I hit the gas
A little more
And then you could
You could just like feel
That something slipped out
And that's when I looked
In my rear view mirror
And I see this thing
Moving down
Downhill
And I'm like
What the fuck
And it was like
What's that movie
Transformers
With Megan
Megan Fox
She finally makes a movie
Reference
And it's the fucking
Transformers.
So this thing's going straight downhill
and all of a sudden it button hooks right
like it was a fucking Transformer
and that's when I kind of like tensed up
and then that's when I was like,
oh shit, it just went down that fucking driveway perfectly.
It could have went anywhere else
but it button hooked right down this fucking guy's driveway
like out of mind of its own
and that's when I waited for it, waited for it
and then bam. And that's when I waited for it, waited for it, and then bam.
And that's when I'm like, fuck.
You're like, if this is any sign of how this goddamn documentary is going to go,
we're in for a complete disaster.
Well, I was more worried about what it was going to cost,
because this cement ball was, like, it was insanely big,
and it's Posh's parents' fault.
Posh, what was the biggest challenge of finishing and making the documentary
like that challenge that you were able to get past
to get through what was the hardest thing
of the whole thing yeah
dealing with business
when he's texting and you're trying to talk to him and you're like
dude and he's like what'd you say
you're like I've been talking to you for four minutes
trying to get on
Raya over here
that's the biggest thing
with just dealing with business on a day to day
just speaking to him when he's on his phone
as I'm sure you guys know
that's the ball
honestly of the whole series I would say the hardest thing
was dealing with the music
because everything else was in the moment
there was many challenges but it was in the moment
in the day and we got over them and we did that
but I would say the thing that is in the back of my mind,
like,
just leaves the most bitter taste,
is like,
the long process of music,
and you know,
being told,
we'll get this song,
and then two months later,
we can't get this song,
and things like that,
but you know,
ultimately I think everything,
worked out the way it should,
you know,
we're very happy that it's,
we're very happy that it's on Barstool now,
and yeah.
No,
I will say that.
Grinnelly was waving at you, but he was trying to clear the.
Grinnelly was waving smoke out of his face.
You thought he was telling you.
Yeah.
No fucking producers over there.
Although he has got his beers, so we got to give him a shout out.
Can we try and be professional here, please?
Yeah, exactly.
Hey, I will say we had lunch today.
And I was kind of asking you about all this.
You made a good point that you put in all this work, you spend all this time, and you're creating content.
So today was a big day for you guys in a sense that, well, fuck, now we wait to see what people think.
And I'm just happy for you guys because when I saw it, I knew it would be a hit.
But I got to imagine it's been stressful thinking, oh, my God, are people going to like this?
We think it's funny, but will other people?
And I think it was great for you today to get the feedback and being that everyone's enjoyed it.
And that not only can they not wait for the next three episodes,
but I mean, I'm now looking at you two guys as like,
what are you guys going to do next?
I think that's what's really exciting for the people who watched
the first two episodes that came out today.
Biz does Boston.
Well, and for me, it was the energy.
He's just shit-faced.
The eagle energy.
Eagle energy started as a great idea.
Take all the benefits of an energy drink.
He doesn't know how to read.
This is 50 Cent doing a read ad.
Shut the fuck up.
Take all the benefits of an energy drink and remove the negatives to create an innovative product that delivers caffeine faster without any calories or sugar.
You in, RA?
You listening?
He's whacking it right now, guy. Wait, there's a sense of beer? What is it, you ask? without any calories or sugar. You in, RA? You listening?
I'm blacking it right now, guy.
Wait, is this said to be a?
What is it, you ask?
Eagle Energy is a caffeine inhaler made of all natural plant-based ingredients
providing the user with a natural energy boost
via inhalation.
The fuck are you laughing at?
I'm just proud of you.
You can read.
What's in it?
Guarana
Guarana
Ginseng
Ginseng and taurine?
Yeah, I'll go with taurine, yeah
The guarana fruit
Packs twice the concentration of caffeine
Than a coffee bean
So fuck you coffee bean
Enhances energy levels
Mood
And reaction time tell me more
eagle energy contains approximately 400 insulations or inhalations it doesn't have an s
it can last a day or a week you're in control the suggested serving size to provide a fast
acting energy boost is 25 consecutive inhalations,
which is nice because you just kind of sit back, relax, and enjoy it.
Oh, I'm supposed to hit it 25 times in a row?
Well, just like nice little ones, just nice little ones.
When you inhale caffeine, it is metabolized rapidly.
Metabolized.
Metabolized.
What an idiot.
I could beat people up.
Shut the fuck up.
Who wants to wait 30 minutes?
Fucking nobody.
Zero sugar and zero nicotine.
Sorry, I got a pop-up there from Bumble.
With zero sugar and zero nicotine, difficult to find a healthier way of getting your energy boots.
This is Eagle Energy, guys.
It's the fucking real deal.
This is what we were smoking the whole documentary.
This is the reason this thing was made. The only reason I'm still awake right now, this shit. Exactly. Eagle Energy, guys. It's the fucking real deal. This is what we were smoking the whole documentary. This is the reason this thing was made.
Only reason I'm still awake right now, this shit.
Exactly. Keep sucking on it.
Eagle Energy is perfect
for someone who is always
on the go. I'm exhausted from this read.
Whether you're studying or on a long trip,
partying on the ski hill,
Eagle Energy is always within
reach. Hey, next time
me and my buddies are looking for a laugh,
I'm just going to be like, hold on, hold on.
I'll call Biz on speakerphone.
I'll have him read us something.
Is potty on a ski trip?
Was that a euphemism?
Guys.
You don't know what a euphemism is.
Should I redo it?
No, that was actually perfect.
That was hilarious, dude.
Metabolized or whatever you said.
That was perfect.
You can't make that shit up.
I said metabolized.
No, but I corrected you, which makes it even funnier.
It is spelt like meta-world peace and then has belized on the end.
Anyway.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no, meta has two Ts.
Well, to get rid of business ad read.
Great job on this, dude.
I was actually really impressed.
I think the funniest thing I heard from a lot of the Barstool guys was that this was the most well done thing I've ever
seen on Barstool because it wasn't done by them.
It was you guys that kind of did this
on your own and the camera work and
the scenery like you're mentioning.
I think it's the first of many great things
to come to you guys. I'm glad we got to hear kind of your
inside story on it.
I appreciate that compliment but you interrupted
my promo code.
So if you go to myeagleenergy.com and you want to buy anything,
you can put in the promo code biz20 and save 20 off.
His career minutes played in the NHL.
Seven goals.
Is that good?
202 NHL games, right?
Grinnell is pretty more than the accounting guy downstairs.
Hey, are we still doing the ad read here?
This is longer than the Godfather 2.
If that ad read's still going on, my mind's going to completely melt.
This has to be over.
Yeah, it just says Eagle Energy, and then it has the CMO's name and his email, so I
don't think I have to read that.
Okay, he's on the CMO list.
But no, Posh, going back to the doc, to echo what Whit said, I mean, the cinematography
is beautiful.
Like I said, come for the hockey mops like this guy.
Stay for the scenery.
It's absolutely gorgeous to look at.
The drone footage is great.
The helicopters.
There's so much shit going on.
We've only seen two of them so far.
It's outstanding.
And I want to congratulate you guys because it's been outstanding to watch.
We still got some pretty big superstars on the way.
Gallagher, Brendan Gallagher.
Seth Jones.
Shea Weber and Shane Doan are in tomorrow's episode.
Josh Georges
makes a quick appearance.
Quick appearance.
Doesn't get the superstar,
though,
but, you know,
he's still an NHL player.
He's fucking,
he played a lot of games.
He played some hard minutes, too.
Yeah, 100.
Better than you did,
Wes.
Yes, Posh.
Yeah, he's actually way better
than me,
but still,
you called him a superstar.
I'm just making sure
we get the superstar
lists out there, right?
Okay.
Yeah, I know.
Tomorrow's going to be a good day.
The Cologne episode. You guys should check out for it. Yeah, so obviously go to
BastlSports.com.
Should be following the app. Follow all our
spit and chiclet feeds, everything. It'll be all over the internet.
So, honey, anything else, boys? Any other
ads you want to try to read biz
before we let Posh go for the night?
Grinnelli fucking posted my ad read
on fucking spit and shit.
Yes.
Welcome to the cruise.
Yes.
You can get his too, motherfucker.
Yes.
You motherfucker.
That's great, dude.
Oh, God, it's getting crazy.
I'm illiterate.
Funny.
All right, bud.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you, Posh.
Great job, boys.
Thanks, boys.
Thanks.
Hey, boys, before we wrap it up,
I'm not sure if you caught my nice, fresh Charlie McAvoy lid
with the old barstool crossover.
You want to buy one of those or any of our many other fine products,
go to store.barstoolsports.com.
Use the promo code CHICKLETS for 15 off everything we have.
Again, this fresh McAvoy hat I got on, go for that one.
We got the Saturdays for the boys, summer floats,
all our Chicklets gear is there.
We got the Russian gas shirts, everything in the store, 15 off.
That's store.barstoolsports.com.
Use the promo code Chicklets for 15 off.
Don't tell El Prez.
Unbelievable podcast.
I had a lot of fun.
I don't know if our listeners are going to enjoy that one.
No, I love hearing the insight from Pasha about the making of the whole thing. Like I said, it's great to look at. There's a lot of fun. I don't know if our listeners are going to enjoy that one. No, I love hearing the insight from Pasha about the making of the
whole thing. Like I said, it's great to look at.
There's a lot of work that goes into it. I think people
are so used to watching videos in the internet, they don't
hear how it happened, so it was great to get
some real insight as to how you made it.
And, R.A., you're the fucking movie
expert, so I appreciate your positive
feedback, and you're
a good critic. Yeah, yeah. I'm going to
introduce you to Robert Altman someday, Paul.
Not going to happen.
I'm going to have to Google that guy.
All right, well, thank you for joining us.
That was podcast number?
84.
Guillaume Latandre, I think of as number 84.
Holy shit.
That's a fucking deep cut.
Yeah, I just thought of a number 84.
Mikhail Gorbovsky.
Can you say Guillaume Latandre?
Guillaume Latandre.
No, but say it in the Terrian voice.
Guillaume La Tendresse.
The French-Mexican?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, thank you for joining us.
Give me a second, right?
He sounds like Tony Clifford.
All right, guys.
Peace out.
Take care.
