Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 85 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by
Barstool Sports. We're coming to you on the second floor of the Bastu Sports headquarters.
Just concluded at Tampa Bay.
Came storming back to tie the series up 2-2.
Ooh, nice little word play there.
2-0, Jordan 2-2.
Dude, Vasilevsky, they needed him again.
He was unbelievable, stood on his head.
They got a key goal late, eight minutes left.
I mean, it was looking like overtime at that stage of the game.
And they come through, man.
Tampa Bay all tied up.
We'll get a three-game series now, basically.
Probably didn't deserve that one.
Got outshot basically 2-1.
And I mentioned it before the series, and I liked the depth on Tampa Bay's
I liked the depth up front they had.
And Colon was one of those guys where he used to have a bigger role
offensively for this Tampa Bay team.
And as they've added more of these skilled players,
he's kind of took a good third-line role.
And I'm telling you, that's what makes him so dangerous
is having guys like that.
And he's a good two-way player.
Yeah, they got kind of top-heavy because they have so much talent.
I mean, when you can put a guy like Colon in your third line,
you're pretty deep.
I mean, he could play in the first line on a shit team
and second line on other playoff teams.
Right.
Now, certain guys of those high-end skill guys
wouldn't be able to drop down to that third line.
For the simple facts, they're not big bodies.
They don't play a good 200-foot game,
but they're probably not as reliable
in somewhat of a checking role in that third line.
But Killorn seems like a pretty good Swiss Army knife to have.
I don't think his cap hits very bad either.
I think he's only making like 4 million.
But he's done a good job this playoff so far.
He got his fifth goal tonight.
It ends up being a very important one
to get Tampa back in that series.
It was the good kind of GW.
That's game when
a few folks going at home. Oh, by the way,
we didn't do our usual intros. Mikey Grinelli
is here, producing as usual.
Our boy Whitney,
I don't know if it was technical difficulties.
He's kind of like an old fuddy-duddy when it comes
to the tech, but I think he had a charge of missing.
Ryan's not with us tonight. As everyone knows, we've been down in New York all week
running through the car washes, KFC calls it,
and Witt couldn't be here for technological reasons or whatever,
but we're acknowledging his presence.
We do have Sam Reinhardt, and we do have Colton Orr coming on,
and Ryan is there for the Sam Reinhardt interview.
Yes.
So he appears.
Well, now with Witt missing, and we're kind of missing his presence,
maybe Grinnelli should step on the mic more.
Yeah, absolutely.
Maybe you should chime in with your two cents.
What did you think of the game?
You know, I thought it was a good game.
Grinnelli, shut the fuck up.
You know where Grinnelli was at when the game was going on?
It was a good game.
He was at a bar with two girls, and there was no television in there. How was the date?
Two on one. A couple rockets.
No back checkers. A couple rockets though. So no,
I mean, I didn't watch much of the game.
So yeah, I was at a bar with two girls.
Alright. You got me there. How many times
did you check the score on your phone?
Twice.
He didn't know Whitney was going to be a healthy
scratch tonight, so he didn't pay
attention as much. You know what that was a perfect example of?
Is the night before, you know you're not going,
and you wake up the next morning.
Sorry, you end up going out and getting fucking in one that night on the road,
go until 3 a.m., and you're like,
oh, I'll just sweat it out in morning skate,
and then I'm going to nap all day.
And then you wake up the next day, you go to the rink,
and the coach is like, hey, you're in.
One of the guys has the flu, and you're like, oh, fuck.
No legs either because you probably have bumble not notches involved so you probably had no legs yeah you know you know Grinnell he's setting up the sex swing in his hotel room
just getting the drill in there I mean I'm not gonna deny this like you guys you guys are spot
on right now pimping up your reputation so oh yeah we should probably talk hockey right yeah
so dude Tampa I mean like I said they made it a series they lost two at home they they got their shit together and they they've done
so quickly and i i'm not really a huge believer in momentum game to game i think every game is
its own kind of entity but i mean if you know you got to be feeling good if you're a player on that
team or a fan of that team right now i mean if i'm if i'm washington now the seed of doubt's
creeping a little bit
especially with the fact that they're going back on the road it sucks because they outplayed that
tampa team vassy was unreal tonight man right but regardless you're 2-2 now and and you know
that's mental edge going back to tampa what do you got i wasinnell? I was going to say, I did say on Healthy Scratches today that Tampa was going to win, handedly.
Well, I mean, okay.
I had 3-2 in OT.
When you say something like that, to me it means you think that they're going to come out and they're going to be buzzing.
Well, they weren't really.
They got outshot and dominated out there.
They just kind of squeezed one out.
I'm buzzing right now.
I think we've been buzzing all week.
By the way, just a shout out to everybody in the
office. I mean, we were down here 14 months ago. It's basically doubled in size. So many people
who work here have been great, outstanding to us, just friendly, cordial, coming to say hello.
And you know, this place gets a bad reputation because of shitheads in the media. It's so easy
to just all boss with it, racist, misogynist, they're comophobe.
There's actually a lot of liberals who work here.
It's social justice
warrior trifecta,
I call it.
And it's great to come down
and see everybody here
just grinding and working hard
for a common goal.
And it's fucking,
it's fun, man.
It energizes us
to come down
and see what everyone else
is doing, man.
So I got some questions
for you guys.
You guys were content machines
this week.
Yeah, we were going nuts.
Pardon my take.
I want to know,
what was your favorite interview to do?
What was your favorite time?
You know, when we went on
with KFC
and Feidelberg, that was
fun. I thought me and Witt
had some great chemistry on part of my take
with Big Cat
and PFT.
I would say PFT adds a different element because he's always thinking from the other side.
And I had a blast.
And to kind of harp on what R.A. was saying is I didn't know what to expect coming in here,
and I had a blast hanging out in these offices.
Everyone was super nice, super friendly friendly uh very casual laid-back atmosphere
and uh i would agree with what you said already they do get a bad rap for being on a little off
side and and on the i guess living on the edge but ultimately they're just trying to make people
laugh and create content and hey sometimes you're going to offend a few people but all in all it
was in good fun right and that's why we're here. For me, and I'm not saying Bastl
is this institution, but
one I always compare it to is
National Lampoon. I know you're
probably not familiar, but it was a magazine that
came out in the 70s. It was a groundbreaking
comedy magazine, and there were no rules. They did
not give a fuck. They would write anything, and these guys
all became the premier comedy and movie
writers throughout the 70s and 80s. Doug Kenny
was one of them.
I find the spirit of that place in here.
Like, I'm not putting us on that level.
National Anthem was fucking lights out all Harvard nerds.
They could write the fuck out of anything.
They were brilliant.
But just that, like, you know, like, no, you're not going to tell me what to say.
We're having fun here.
If you don't like it, go somewhere else, man.
But, you know, you can't determine what's good or bad or fun for us.
You know, go somewhere else, man. It's just i love the spirit of this place like you know freedom
speech whatever pushing the envelope whatever you want to call it it's fucking great and coming down
here and seeing everybody busting their balls you know it's casual and relaxed like you say but
they're killing it down here and it's in shout out to fucking basketball sports yeah it was a fun
week we kind of went off the rails they're not talking about hockey, but, R.A., I'll just kind of piggyback what you said.
It's funny how they have so many different characters in here
and, you know, all these different peoples that I haven't seen on the Internet for so long.
And I'm not even a hardcore stoolie, but I just find all the characters very funny.
We can cut that.
Who's the UFC kid?
Robbie.
Robbie.
He was a good kid.
Yeah, he's a pretty well-cultured
20-year-old, you know, more than most.
Now, alright, any
more? I'm going to switch back to
hockey here. Any more thoughts on
goaltending? I mean, you
talked about Holpe, and you've been very complimentary
of him this whole playoff, especially
after getting sat out the first two games.
Now, obviously
statistically tonight,
I didn't get a chance to see all the goals.
Not a great showing.
Probably not his best game of the playoffs,
but he made some big saves, I thought.
It's tough to blame the game on him.
I mean, it might have been a goal he might have probably wanted back,
but it just goes to show when a guy like Vasilevsky,
he had arguably one of his best games of the playoffs.
I mean, he was ridiculous tonight.
He made pretty much every save he needed to and made some crazy ones.
He was the difference tonight and just goes to show if the edge with one guy is just a little bit higher than the other, it's often the difference in these playoffs.
That's why I beat it to death, but I always emphasize goaltending, goaltending, goaltending, because
to me, it's the most
key position in sports, man.
You can win a Super Bowl with a shitty quarterback.
You can't win a Stanley Cup with a shitty goalie.
Yeah, I mean, I'd like to
go back in history and find out when
the last time a team has won
the Stanley Cup with having very shaky
goaltending. Hop into my machine.
1.21 gigawatts. I mean, would it be the first
time the Blackhawks won when
they had Corey Crawford in it? I mean, Corey Crawford's
a stud now, but the first time they had one
when he played, I mean, he wasn't necessarily
a Vezina winner goalie. I'd say he was
just more of an unknown commodity at that point.
Yeah, but I mean,
I'm talking like, when's the last
time, for instance, like a Marc-Andre
Fleury meltdown in the Philadelphia series goalie type
where he can't be relied upon all playoffs,
but the offense is just continually carrying a goalie.
Now, I can't remember at the top of my head.
I thought maybe you would already.
Well, I mean, 2010 was the Philadelphia Flyers got to the Stanley Cup
with Brian Boucher and Michael Layton. I mean, nobody saw
them coming. That was a team that was just, they were firing
all cylinders. And goalies, I mean, who might
not have been great starters their whole year,
or whole career, or never even a starter,
they can just get hot, man. And they're just feeling
it, and they feel like they're going to stop
every pocket. I think that was the last time we saw
probably, you know, Layton
slash Boucher versus Anthony Niemey for
Chicago. He was great, but he signed big money deals after that.
He had one good year with San Jose, and then he kind of fell off the wagon after that, I thought.
Anthony Niemey, I mean.
Yeah, that's a great point.
That's a lot of, I wouldn't say no-namer goalies,
because after Niemey won that, he became a household name, of course, playing in Chicago.
But, yeah, I mean, you look at it, last time,
I mean, that's probably the last time there was a couple no-namers
going at it in the cup finals.
And that's why there's such a big emphasis on teams finding their goalie
and sticking with their guy.
All right, any other further thoughts on the East
or you want to jump over to the West?
What was your overall thoughts in the game?
Who you thought was strong, who you thought was weak?
I don't know, I beat the same drum. Vas thought was strong, who you thought was weak? I don't know.
I beat the same John Vasilevsky, man.
He was the difference tonight.
I mean, that's it.
Stamkos, I think Stamkos is heating up.
Oh, my God.
He has been shoving it right up my ass.
The power play.
I mean, there's a few storylines I guess we could have brought up.
The power play has been scorching hot.
I mean, Washington has to take even if they're shit penalties,
you can't even put the refs in a position that will allow them to call a call.
They've got to be more disciplined because they're getting absolutely fucking torched on the power play right now.
What are you thinking about the West, man?
The way Winnipeg came out that first game at home, I'm thinking, wow,
these guys might roll over Vegas because they finally met that big boy team who can skate.
And once again, the resiliency.
Is that a word?
It is now.
Resiliency?
No, it's a word.
That's a pretty nice big word for me.
It's 10 points on the board for biz.
10 point word.
That weed pen's really kicking in right now.
But the resiliency that team has is insane.
They come out and they win another one.
Now they're up 2-1 with a
good chance to put a stranglehold
in this series tomorrow night. Yeah, and
again, same goalie drums,
but Marc-Andre Fleury, I mean, those
saves, the back-to-back is on Shifley
last night. We said it on Healthy Scratches
earlier. Those are the type of saves you're going to be
20 years from now in your underwear and bed
and remember exactly where you were
when you saw them because Because however vague a season ends up, those are why we watch the game for stuff like that.
Shit that makes you jump out of your chair and you're not even rooting for either team.
All right.
I don't know if you saw the comments from Gerard Gallant about his team and how he embraces the fact that, hey,
if they're going to make mistakes, it's a game of mistakes. It's such an important thing for coaches, especially at young levels,
to have that mindset to be able to say to these kids,
hey, I know you're going to make mistakes,
but know that I know you're making them,
and I'm going to keep putting you back out there
until you're able to execute those and have the confidence.
If you're just going to beat guys up, especially skill guys
who want to make plays, if they turn it over every once in a while, well, you're just going to beat their confidence. They're not going to want to make plays if they turn ever turn it over every once
in a while well you're just going to beat their confidence they're not going to want to play for
you and this guy seems to be probably one of the best player coaches in the league right now if not
the best and Grinnell you're going to send it to the audio and RA I'd like to get your thoughts
afterwards well they take responsibility but again again it's a game of mistakes you're not going to
be perfect every time you're on the ice.
So when those mistakes happen, you forget about them and you move on.
So everybody's going to make mistakes.
You can go over that game and there's not one player on the ice
that didn't make mistakes last night.
So like I said, they'll own up to the mistakes, but they don't have to.
That's part of our game.
You make mistakes, you move on, you play the next shift,
and you hope you make some good plays.
But those guys are accountable guys, and they work hard.
They don't have to apologize to me. They just go out
and play their game and get better every shift they can do.
Is it honestly a big part of your success?
Is the accountability
a big part of your success?
I guess it is to a point, but again,
I'm not holding my players accountable to making mistakes.
You go out there, and if you're worried about
making mistakes, you're not going to play a good game.
I want you going out there thinking you're going to make the good plays and do the
right things on the ice. So don't worry about your mistakes. Yeah, I mean, that's the guy you
want to play for. I mean, he gives these guys a longer leash than most guys. And he says it,
and I think it's something that people forget fans a lot. Hockey is a game of mistakes. I mean,
it's constant mistake after mistake, and it's other teams capitalizing on it.
I mean, guys are going to turn over a puck
skating on little
razor blades running around the ice. You're only going to make
mistakes, but that he tells them that.
I mean, you play. It's got to be liberating
knowing that, all right, if I screw up here, I'm not
going to get dumped down to the third line. I'm not going to get
scratched. You must
know some guys who play the second line. What do they say about them?
Oh, best guy ever.
I was talking to Tyson Nash, and he was talking to a couple of the players
because he covered the first round in Vegas.
And guys were saying that it's amazing what he can do as a coach
because he just gives them so much confidence.
And one of those types of guys, when guys are going through problems,
when maybe they've gone through a 6-7 game pointless streak and you can tell they've been struggling a bit he's not the
guy to just like get on him and healthy him and not talk to him and alienate him from the team
based on his play he's the type of guy where he calls him in he sits him down he goes hey what's
going on you know you're not feeling well you don't got your legs should we maybe minimize your
ice time a little bit to get you back in it? Do you want more ice time? Tell me
what you need in order for this team to be
successful.
When I heard that, I'm like, okay, this is
why this guy was so popular. Keith Yandel.
I mean, you guys
have had him on the podcast before.
He loves him.
I think it was a bozo move
getting rid of that guy by Florida. Yeah, there were a lot
of unhappy players there, but yeah, there were a lot of unhappy players there.
But, yeah, he's a guy who's kind of got an old-school element to him
because he's from that era, but he knows how to approach these guys.
I mean, I think he's just honest with them.
And, I mean, obviously, look at the results.
You can't argue with them.
I mean, go ahead, make a mistake, you fuck up, try it again.
I mean, anyways, yeah, they tied it last night.
Marc-Andre Fleury, what can you say?
I mean, definitely the Conn Smythe leader, as we say every episode, it seems like.
But, I mean, I think Winnipeg's going to have their hands full tomorrow night, man.
That's a tough bond to win in.
He's tough to beat in there.
And, I mean, it's tough to think Winnipeg's going to score a lot on this guy,
the way he's playing right now.
And, R.A., I was a little nervous for Fleury after that first game in Winnipeg.
He was getting taunted by the crowd. He seemed, after the game and his post-game interview, like he was a little nervous for flurry after that first game in winnipeg he was getting taunted by the crowd seen he seemed after the game in his post-game interview like he was a
little rattled about it but uh he had a great bounce back game there in game two and then he
joked around the meat with the media a little bit about it saying how you know flurry humor how
saying how they probably just really like him and he smiled with his big ass white seriously if i
could have a set of choppers i would love his teeth man i mean sorry no no no no yeah he's i mean he's got some beautiful white
jibs yeah and you know you know like we said you you knew vegas was going home split that was great
for them going back to that bottom you know they gotta they can go up three to one right now so
hey sometimes the best thing that can happen to you ra is getting a little peepee whack on the
road the first game in a series give you a little wake-up call make you make you realize
maybe you're not as good as you thought you were and then they they regrouped nicely and uh and
rattled off two in a row now with a chance to put a stranglehold in that series but well now uh
because wick couldn't make this portion of the show he was fortunate enough to make the next one
with sam reinhardt, who joined me in my
documentary, and we pretty much clowned him
in the first episode when Jack Eichel
didn't show up, and Whitney
and R.A. are going to join me for this interview,
and it was a fun one.
This interview was brought to you by Upstart.
Mike, you know how guys
are always going about Corsi and all the fancy
stats, even when the numbers don't even make sense.
You've got this guy, you know he's an absolute pigeon, but Corsi says he's a stud,
so the internet raves about him.
Dude, it drives me crazy.
Right?
Well, sometimes I feel the same way about loans.
And, man, I've had many loans in my day.
But sometimes the FICO score is just stupid because it ignores how much money you make
and how stable your job is.
Good news is there's a better way.
Our sponsor, Upstart, is like that friend you have
that still watches hockey games and actually knows what is what.
Upstart offers personal loans,
but they're not like the ones your bank or your credit union provides.
That's because Upstart goes beyond the traditional FICO score
when assessing your credit worthiness.
Yes, they actually reward you based on your education
and your job history in the form of a smarter interest rate.
Two minutes is all it takes to go online and find your Upstart rate. If your finances shorthand you, you'll have
to check them out. An Upstart rate check is free and won't affect your credit. The best part, once
your loan is approved, the funds will be transferred to you the very next day. The next day. Very next
business day, that is. Over 100,000 people have used Upstart to pay off credit cards, fund their
wedding, or simply to make a large purchase.
Now it's your turn.
So don't get caught out of the net when it comes to your finances.
Hurry to Upstart.com slash chicklets to find out how low your Upstart rate is.
Checking your rate only takes two minutes and it won't affect your credit.
That's Upstart.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Loans are offered by Cross River Bank and New Jersey State Chartered Commercial Bank.
Restrictions apply.
For details, visit upstart.com slash chicklets.
All right, that's enough hockey talk.
Tonight we have a very special guest on.
You probably have never heard of him before.
He was on my documentary.
But I think he actually played for Team Canada in the World Junior
Championships, but like I said, he became famous when he starred in episode one of Biznasty
Does BC.
We want to welcome to the show Samsonite.
It's right here on the briefcase, Reinhardt.
Thanks for having me.
That's actually the first time I've ever been introduced by my own name, so it's a nice
change over here.
That's true.
Your name's Samsonite?
No, Samson.
Close enough.
He's a luggage commercial.
So Sam,
have you been getting a lot of texts and phone
calls about your first acting debut?
Yeah.
You know, that was probably
there's been a lot of kind of funny
replies. I think the best one kind of funny replies um i think
the best one kind of gave me an awkward laugh like saying he saw my first episode and he's like
he's kind of looking at me funny he's like did you did you know like that's what it was going
to be about i just started laughing yeah i knew i was gonna get ripped apart don't worry about it
he was kind of feeling bad for me i'm like it's all good don't worry about it well me watching
we've never met, I said,
this is why hockey players are the best.
They're very willing to make fun of themselves and shit like that.
So you did a hell of a job.
There's some pathetic acting by some hockey players.
I thought you were actually pretty good, buddy.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
I had a couple of commercials for Enzo Sauce last year.
I'll talk about that in a little bit. I had a couple of commercials for Enzo Sauce last year.
I'll talk about that in a little bit.
If you've ever played or talked to Tyler Ennis,
he did a little charity work, so I got a little practice in last year.
Did you give your boy Jack Eichel a heads up that you and Biz were going to do him dirty there with the red Afro,
or did you just let him find out on his own?
I don't know if I told him about the Afro.
That was your idea, Sam.
Yeah, it was.
I was full on board.
That was a good one.
We should have gave you creative credit in the credits there.
Give him a writing credit.
You know what?
I was looking for it.
I watched extra to see the credits, but nothing.
Yeah, I know, Sam.
You were a champ, buddy.
I know that some people might not be down to be just taking it on the channel,
an episode like that.
But, yeah, you played it off great,
and I think in the end you came out as a good guy.
So why don't you  this is Pasha for everyone who doesn't know.
He's still with us.
He's just clinging on.
He's going to try to join this podcast.
He's another guy made famous.
They can't get rid of me.
So why don't  you guys, were you guys buddies from growing up?
Yeah, yeah.
So Sam and I both grew up in West Van.
Sam's got two older brothers, Griffin and Max.
Max is my age.
So, yeah, just knowing them kind of through growing up and, you know, we're here now.
Yeah, usually when Posh, one of us texts each other, it's at 6 or 7 at night.
You know, just wondering what the other person is doing, and it could lead to about anything.
So when he had texted me last year, this was probably about 11 in the morning,
so I knew something was up when he passed me the address.
So it was a little bit of a change.
He's like, you're starting that early tonight, Posh?
Jesus Christ.
Exactly, exactly.
It was a Tuesday afternoon.
I'm like, Posh, I don't think I'm into that today.
Yeah, we don't even need to say anything these days.
These days we text each other at 6 or 7 o'clock
just saying hi, dot, dot, dot.
We both know what's going on.
Yeah, you guys have a good time in Vancouvercouver and for for people who haven't been to vancouver uh
sam just talk about how fucking awesome it is it's i mean it's got everything um i'm even me
watching the last couple episodes um you know even able to see so much more of it. I mean, I live in West Van, so to, you know,
I've been on that bike ride about probably 10 years ago,
and that was my first time with you guys kind of going around it again.
It's crazy the things you see around there and how nice it really is.
And, you know, coming back in the summer, it's so tough to leave.
It's so hard to kind of plan trips getting over here
because when the weather turns like it is right now,
it's really the best place ever.
Pasha told us that day on the boat was your first day filming.
Riding the bike.
Oh, I thought...
That was with Morgan.
That was Morgan.
That was a different guy.
Oh, my bad.
I'm sorry.
I apologize.
No, it's okay, R.A.
Oh, good.
R.A., our buddy R.A.'s in New York just on a complete bender, so his mind's guy. Oh, my bad. I'm sorry. I apologize. No, it's okay, R.A. Okay.
R.A., our buddy R.A. is in New York just on a complete bender,
so his mind's a little fucked up right now.
Also, I haven't met him, so I apologize.
Oh, don't.
What I want to bring up, actually, I'm the old guy here.
I was old enough to watch your father play years ago,
and if he played right now, he would definitely probably be an 8.59 million puck-moving defenseman.
They didn't call it that then.
He was just an offensive defenseman.
But he was like the prototype of an offensive defenseman.
Check out his numbers.
He's, I mean, a little below a point-per-game guy.
So what kind of things did you learn from him, you know,
growing up as a young hockey player that led you to become a professional yourself?
You know, just first on that, I mean, I always knew kind of from what other people
were saying how really smart he was.
It was just about two weeks ago.
I was just sitting after dinner on our patio just kind of talking to him.
And I had up on my phone his hockey stats.
And it was the first time I kind of really looked at the tail end of his career
and was able to see the numbers he was producing at the end, even when he was kind of hurt.
And I looked at him.
I'm like, you were tired with those numbers?
And he's like, yeah, I mean, it was probably a little early.
So a little unfortunate looking back at it.
But, you know, I think just growing up, you know, first off in Canada,
you're going to naturally play hockey.
You know, but from him, he never pushed any of me
or my two older brothers into the sport.
We kind of just naturally grew towards it.
So, I mean, he was kind of a huge help along the way,
and he still is to this day.
So reading right now, like I actually just picked up his HockeyDB.
That's actually crazy, some of his numbers.
But he says he's from Kitchener, and he finished his career with Vancouver.
Did he like it that much where he stayed out there,
and that's how you've been born and raised there? Yeah, so he's from Kitchener, and he finished his career with Vancouver. Did he like it that much where he stayed out there, and that's how you've been born and raised there?
Yeah, so he's from Kitchener.
He played in Calgary, met my mom there, and then they finished a career here.
Yeah, I mean, I think once they both got here,
it was kind of a tough place to move away from.
I don't think you're staying in Buffalo the rest of your life, though.
I'm just going to guess that.
I mean, we make the most of it there.
I mean, I think.
Yeah, bar closed at 4 a.m.
Of course you do.
Hey, actually.
No, go ahead.
Sorry.
No, I'll go.
Go ahead, Rick.
Talk to me about quickly how many brothers, or what's your situation?
How many brothers do you have that have played NHL games?
Is it just Griffin?
No, Max has played a handful of games.
He was drafted, I want to say 2010, to Calgary.
Does your old man sell sperm?
Hey, true story.
I don't know if he's got that out of him right now.
Hey, true story about your dad.
I had no idea he even played hockey,
so we invited your parents to the premiere
because you were obviously already off to Buffalo.
And, you know, Pasha's like, oh, hey, come meet Sam's parents.
And I'm like, oh, yeah.
I'm like, oh, man, this guy's mom's a rocket.
And then I'm like, oh, hey, nice to meet you, Mr. Reinhardt.
Like, oh, did you ever play?
Because, like, knowing he has three kids that play hockey he's like uh yeah I played in the NHL for
actually like a really long time and I felt like such a fucking he's like dude I was fucking way
better than you you fucking clown yeah 560 points in 648 games that's that's pretty fucking solid
numbers yeah did he yeah yeah yeah yeah but back then They were making like A hundred grand And they had to work
Summer jobs
Yeah exactly
He was valeting cars
In the summer
In Kitchener
Working at the keg
Working on the farm
The keg
So growing up
Like I mean
You and your brothers
I mean are you guys
Out skating on like
The ponds
Are you ever on
Any teams together
I mean it's pretty crazy
Like the fact that
You have three kids
Playing in the NHL,
it's just insane. You guys are like
the stalls, maybe a little step below, but still
it's an incredible story.
Yeah, I mean, no
ponds really to skate on in Vancouver.
It doesn't get near cold
enough, but yeah, where
we grew up playing, we played at
Hollyburn, just kind of a club just
10 minutes from our house.
We'd constantly be on the ice, and if not, we'd be playing, we played at Hollyburn, just kind of a club just 10 minutes from our house. We'd constantly be on the ice and if not, we'd be
playing down at
a tennis court
nearby our house.
It was tough to get a stick out of our hands for sure.
I actually
remember when you were doing the documentary last summer,
you just put a putting green in your backyard
in, is it north or west Vancouver
you built your place?
No, I've been in the same house, but I'm still at my parents' right now.
Oh, so you put a putting green in their backyard?
Yeah, so they got one for us.
They just tried to keep us around for another couple of years, I think.
Yeah, they're like, hey, Sam, you're second overall pick in the NHL.
You have 25 goals this year.
Maybe buy a place?
Well, I mean, it's tough to
leave right now, but
my brother has a place here
sometime in the next
month or so. I'll kind of be in 50-50
back and forth. Probably weekends
at my brother's place,
which is a nice area as well. If you can't find the address
to my place in Yaletown, I say.
Yeah, don't usually remember that one.
Do you do all your summer training out in Vancouver?
Do you head back to Buffalo or back east at all,
or do you just do most of it there and then get back east?
No, it's such a trek back, so you just stick around here.
You have a good group of guys to work with here.
There's a lot of players, so it's easy to get on the ice.
You want to talk about uh when
you played in the world juniors was it the one that was in toronto and montreal yeah the second
the my second year we uh yeah the finals were in toronto which was just crazy oh and and and what
happens after like did they try to keep you guys in? I know Team Canada, the organization
in general, when the teams win
at the minor level, when guys are
U18, they keep them
at the rink until one so they can't go out
and get shit-faced. Did you guys have to do that?
Yeah, so our games
were at eight the whole tournament at night
so we probably finished and
just celebrated at the rink for a while.
I mean, we were obviously able to drink at that point,
but then we got back to the hotel, and they had to keep us out of the airport, unfortunately.
So, Sammy, the theme this week has kind of been Russia and the debauchery that happens there.
Do you want to share the story that you had?
I think it was at some tournament in Russia with your passport at the airport.
Yeah, it was the World Championships two years ago.
We were in St. Petersburg the whole time, which was unbelievable.
And then we finished in Moscow for the last two games of the tournament.
And, I mean, that tournament you're obviously allowed to celebrate
a little bit more afterwards.
And, unfortunately, my passport and wallet didn't make it with me through security into the airport.
So I was stuck there for quite some time.
I don't really know how else to explain it, but there were a lot of people behind the scenes,
you know, especially from Hockey Canada and at the embassy in Moscow.
They were helping me try and get back to Vancouver.
So I owe them a lot of credit for that one.
Man, having to stay there,
can you imagine if you were stuck there like that movie
when what's-his-name Tom Hanks is stuck in the terminal?
It's called The Terminal.
It's called The Terminal, yeah.
They're like, fuck, man, we can't think of a name.
I'll just call it the fucking Terminal.
What was that movie when Tom Hanks wished he was big?
I don't know.
Oh, I get it, I get it, I get it, I get it.
I'm not the movie guy.
Oh, one time I went to, during Olympic break,
I went to Cabo with a bunch of the boys,
but I got so fucked up, and I ended up getting really
sick, and I had to stay an extra day all by myself in Mexico, right?
So I ended up delaying it, getting another hotel room, going all by myself, and I get
to the airport, and I'm about to board my flight, and they give you that white slip,
and you've got to keep it.
No.
I was like, what?
I was like, no.
Why did they announce it on the plane to tell me that?
Why did six people
Tell me that
If it's that important
It's such a stupid system
It's such a stupid system
So they weren't gonna
Let me on the plane
I had like a nervous
Breakdown in front of them
I started like crying and shit
Because I was so sick
And I was such a baby
That's when you just
Gotta fake anything
To like just
I faked it
To the point where
I was creating such a scene
The lady's like
Alright just go on the plane
And it felt like that
What's the movie
With Ben Affleck When it finally takes off Ar, all right, just go on the plane. And it felt like that, what's the movie with Ben Affleck, when it finally takes off?
Argo.
I felt like Argo, like the plane finally took off.
I started crying in celebration because I got out of Mexico.
So when Pasha asked you to come on the documentary, were you kind of like, fuck, I got to do this
guy a favor?
Had to be.
Do Pasha a favor?
Yeah, because he probably told
you it was with me, and you're probably like,
fuck, I don't want to fucking help
this loser out.
I'd seen his
other series he had done
with some of
our other buddies. I don't know
if you watch his swerve that he did.
Oh, shout out to Pasha.
There he goes.
Everyone else watch that.
Pasha, if you want to sell that one later, you can to them.
There you go.
So I figured it would be a fun experience.
And was it?
Sure, yeah.
That was a real blast.
That was a real blast getting ripped on, Biz.
Yeah, I got pitched around by Biz on a bike for six hours.
It's amazing how much work goes into about, I mean, what was I in?
About six minutes of film?
That's crazy.
I know.
I was shocked by that.
I was shocked by that, that he actually told me.
I mean, he said it was over 500 hours, 1,000 hours of filming,
and it's like, yeah, you're in it for four minutes.
It looks like it's so easy.
My question is, what did Biz have, like a sock or something in his bikini bottom?
What were you wearing?
No, you have a three-inch wrench, so there's no way.
I'm a grower.
I'm a grower, not a shower.
Nothing wrong with that, Biz.
No, I don't.
It's good.
It's like, why waste all the energy carrying something big around
when I can just fill it up with blood later on when I need it?
But were you happy with the way you were perceived in it and your sick acting skills?
Yeah, it was good.
I mean, I think if hockey doesn't work out, this is a step in the right direction for me.
I thought episode one, at that point, your acting was actually better than mine, but progressively I got better towards the end of the documentary.
Now, how annoyed were you?
Because the first time he came, we had to ask him to come back to record.
Oh, dude, you're a legend, Sam, because I would have been like, no.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was tough.
I didn't know how to say no.
They didn't have enough.
They didn't have enough.
Well, basically what I said was.
At that point, it would have been tough to leave him dry.
Well, basically what I said was, Sam, if you don't come been tough to leave him dry. Well, basically what I said was,
Sam, if you don't come back,
I'm going to make you look like a fucking idiot on this documentary.
So he came back.
He had to wear the same clothes,
and we had to, like,
basically he was wearing everything the same.
Well, halfway through filming the second day,
I mean, I knew, like,
I had the exact same outfit on,
and I looked up, and I'm like,
Jesus, like, I think I have a beard this time.
So I think if you actually look.
Nobody picked it up, though.
I didn't get one tweet about it.
Exactly.
I don't know if there was any editing that put my face in both of them
over the both days.
No, I'm not that good.
I've got to go back and re-watch that now.
Yeah, I haven't spotted anything myself,
but I remember one, my beard was definitely longer than another.
I think that the general public really appreciates,
I've seen a lot of tweets about Sam's a champ,
good for Sam for playing along,
so I think everybody really picked up on that,
and I think it's great.
Do you guys want to talk about Jack and his dad,
and what his response is?
Oh yeah, Jack Eichel's old man
was loving it.
Bob Eichel.
Of course he would.
Yeah,
but dude,
Sam,
so Biz gets a text
from Eichel
and he's like,
hey man,
my dad says you're
the funniest person ever
and I'm like,
yeah Biz,
but like,
it's like his old man
and his buddies
think you're funny.
Eichel doesn't even
think you're funny though.
It's like these old dudes,
he's like,
oh shit,
you think?
No,
they come up
quite a bit.
We have quite a bit
of fun with his
dad and his friends.
They go to Buffalo
quite a bit.
Yeah,
and your face
went,
shut up.
Shut up to
Chelmsford,
Massachusetts.
Hey,
actually,
speaking of the
Sabres,
to get on a little
different topic
quickly,
Rasmus Dahlien,
dude,
I mean,
you gotta be
fired up for that.
You gotta be ready for that.
Feed you one-timers. You're like, hey,
I like it right here, just in front of my front
foot, you rookie puke.
Don't make sure you don't fuck up any passes.
You gonna torture him? And never go to the other
side. Yeah, you know what?
I haven't seen too much of him, but the clips I have
seen, I mean, it's just impressive
what he's been doing, so
it was a little nerve-wracking
watching that draft
lottery. Do you feel like you guys
can maybe turn the corner a little bit with an addition
of a defenseman of his potential?
Everybody's projecting him to be a huge
superstar. I know obviously he's going to probably need some
time to develop, but do you feel like you guys
maybe hopefully turn the corner in the next season?
Yeah, I mean, obviously
it's been disappointing there to say the least.
But anytime you can add some excitement around it with that
and, you know, something to build around it again,
and especially on the backhand, you know, it's such a big part of the game.
So, you know, I think the fans really deserve a player like him,
another player like him to come in and and help
our team out sam i actually uh mark chachio he was a power skating coach with the coyotes when
donor was on the team and then he ended up getting picked up by the rangers he was doing some work
with him over in in europe and he says he's he's like the next lynch him he said he hasn't seen a
kid this young that big that coordinated and that good with the puck, and he was raving about him.
So it kind of sucked that they rigged the draft
so you guys could win the first overall pick,
and Coyotes got fucking bent over again
and dropped two picks back of what they finished.
But congratulations.
I appreciate that.
Sam, one more question.
I mean, I was in Vancouver very briefly.
I didn't get to see any of it.
If you were to sell the virtues of British Columbia, Vancouver,
what are the best three things about it if you were going to say,
come visit us, this is why?
You could start your day off skiing halfway down a mountain.
Mountain biking in the next house.
And hop on a jet ski and go downtown.
Sold.
To the Roxy. To the Roxy.
I mean, to the Roxy.
Drive right down the street.
Because we couldn't get in the banter room because we were too drunk and the line was
too long.
And we called in too many favors.
Dude, I played in the Olympics.
I don't know if you knew that.
2010.
It was in Vancouver.
It was insane.
I don't think, I'm trying to remember, maybe you know, I don't think they shut the bars.
It was like two weeks they kept everything open.
Do you remember being around then?
How old were you?
I wasn't old.
I was, it was before I even left for junior.
I think I was, I mean, I was downtown kind of experiencing it, but not.
It was sick though, huh?
Yeah, it was unbelievable. I sick though huh yeah it was it was unbelievable
just to see the ways of people you know i wish i was older so i could have experienced a little
more but um i think it was actually my last year in vancouver during the winter so i'm kind of
locked out in that sense so it's actually funny so if you're right about to go to junior i'm gonna
say you're about 15 years old you're a sick hockey player going so you're right about to go to junior, I'm going to say you're about 15 years old. You're a sick hockey player.
So you're basically at the age where you were probably roasting yourself when Crosby scored that goal.
You were like probably the hockey nerd 15-year-old.
Team Canada wins the gold medal.
Do you just chuck yourself around the living room that day?
I'm sitting on the exact same couch, and I could tell you exactly who was beside me and the reaction I was feeling that call.
Yeah, that was incredible.
Tough, tough, tough beat for me.
The game against Switzerland when he scored the winner in the shootout,
I was actually on the glass in that zone where he scored.
So that was a pretty cool experience as well.
Were you there when the riots happened with the Canucks?
Yeah, I was actually
at a friend's party, but
I was over on the North Shore.
Pretty
happy to be away from that one, but
they actually closed
out a bridge as well, so you couldn't even get in or out.
Quick transition, Vegas
Golden Knights just scored. Mark just so got
another one. Have you been
Keeping up with these playoffs
The Jets and the under
I have been yeah
I'm actually just gonna
Turn that on right now
But yeah I've been
Watching quite a bit of it
Yeah
I still
My pick
Still has to be
Winnipeg I think
Yeah I think they're strong
But I mean fuck
They're down 1-0 here early
And Witt's got the under
And the Jets
And it's 1-0
Fucking Vegas
30 seconds in.
How do you bet against them tonight, man?
Going home after splitting Winnipeg.
Because I love Winnipeg.
I think Winnipeg's a better team.
I think you just hate Vegas.
I don't.
That's the thing.
I don't think.
We don't want to rope him in any bad, so I can't vote.
Sam, how was Lee the first year?
I mean, it's such a tough question. so I can't afford it. Sam, how was Lee the first year? He was good.
I mean, it's such a tough question.
I mean, with the team we had and the lack of success,
if I put it that way, I mean, it's so tough to kind of enjoy it.
And I think as we get better, like when we were winning at times,
he was such a great guy to be around.
So I think it's more on us to put a better product forward
to make it more enjoyable for everybody.
So, you know, I brought up earlier, you had 25 goals this year.
Like how did you feel your game?
How do you feel your game growing and stuff?
Like what are you kind of focused on this offseason to improve?
Yeah, I mean, it was kind of a tale of two seasons.
I mean, I think I was 45 games on the home, five goals and 13 points,
and then after that was able to turn around.
Those are biz numbers.
Those are biz stats right there.
That means you caught fire at the end.
Yeah, the last 40 games or so, you know, went pretty well.
You know, I think, you know, one, the opportunity was there,
and two, kind of jumped on that.
And I think just kind of started focusing on my own game
and found how I was able to help our team have success
and not worry too much about accidents in the nose,
which, you know, that's not kind of the player I am.
You're going to be in RFA after this season, correct?
Yeah, I am right now.
Right.
Okay, so that's something that you don't even really think too much about
is in the back of your mind.
How do you approach that, knowing that, you know,
that's a big thing like that is coming down the line?
Yeah, I mean, there hasn't been much um talk so far but you know i think as the draft approaches and i'll see july 1st approaches um there'll be more
of that but i mean honestly it's it's it's kind of out of my hands at this point being restricted.
So I'm just trying to focus on first off being in Buffalo next year
and getting ready for that and whatever happens.
Well, flyers are always good for an office sheet.
Who knows?
Holy fuck, our podcast is taking shots at Hextall.
I didn't name any names.
He's close enough for him to drive here.
Yeah, but if a player gets an office sheet, that's Christmas morning. fuck, our podcast is taking shots at Hextall. I didn't name any names. He's close enough for him to drive here.
Yeah, but if a player gets an offer sheet, I mean, that's Christmas morning.
Yeah, where do I sign, dude?
Where do I sign?
I'll fly out on my own dime.
Where do you want to see me?
Obviously, you want to stay in Buffalo.
You guys probably  you've got an up-and-coming team.
Yeah, I mean, that's  I mean mean nowhere else is on my mind
it's all I know so
you know just that city if
we were to turn things around and
hopefully we do
sooner than later
the fan base there
is going to be second to none
in supporting the team and rallying behind
it so
my focus isn't anywhere else at this point.
Okay, buddy, we're going to wrap things up.
We really appreciate you coming on.
Good luck this season, except against the Coyotes.
Fuck you for winning that first overall pick.
It should have been ours.
And once again, you're welcome for having me in the documentary.
I also wanted to mention, you know, I interviewed with Sam Reinhart.
It was also brought to you by Eagle Energy.
It's one of the hot new vapes on the market.
It's caffeine, man.
It's not tobacco.
It's nothing like that.
You just suck on this thing.
We've been using it all week.
It's great.
It doesn't give you like, you know, you don't get whacked out like a little kid.
It gives you a nice steady caffeine dose.
The suggested serving size to provide a fast-acting energy boost is 25 consecutive inhalations.
When you inhale caffeine, it gets metabolized quickly because you don't want to wait.
There's zero sugar, zero nicotine.
It's wicked healthy.
Eagle Energy is the perfect for someone who's on the go.
Whether you're studying on a long trip, partying, or on the ski hill, Eagle Energy is always within reach.
Big thanks to Sam Reinhaert for coming on to do the promo work for Biz's documentary.
Biz, everything went great with him.
He seems like a real nice boy.
Awesome guy.
Loves his beers.
Handsome fella, too.
Yeah, that's never a bad thing.
The ladies in Vancouver love that guy.
And we're going to do a complete turnaround, and we're going to kick it to Colton Moore right now,
who came in studio and did an interview with me and Biz tonight.
As a longtime NHL fan, it was great to talk to a couple guys who
chucked the knucks and talk about their
craft. So now we're going to go to Colt Moore.
You love the old school
guys, are you alright? Yeah, that's the
era I grew up on, man. You were a little star
studded today, or star struck, I should say.
I thought I kept my wits
about me. In a good way, like you felt
like you were in the presence of an ice
guard. Yeah, exactly.
Respectful for what that guy did.
It's an honorable profession.
It was a fun little interview, and I'm excited to get to it.
All right, Ozzy's great.
Tune in.
Now we're going to him.
Hey, fellas, before we get to that next interview,
I just want to talk about hymns for a second.
Now, I know it's way too late for me.
That ship already sailed.
But, you know, guys, 66 of men lose their hair by age 35 uh the problem is it creeps up on you you know by the time you notice sometimes
it's too late you know you might catch yourself in the mirror looking a little thin up there
you know like i said my ship already sailed but it's not too late for you guys you can there is
help and that's what hymns is for you know you want to take care of that bald spot you want to
take care of that little patch check it out for hyms.com is a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual illness, and more for men.
Thanks to science, baldness can be optional.
Hims connects you to real doctors and medical-grade solutions to treat hair loss.
There's tons of generic equivalents out there, guys, brand name descriptions, all to help
you keep your hair.
There's no snake oil pills, no gas station counter, none of that garbage.
Prescription solutions backed by science. Best part, no waiting rooms, no doctors, no
sign-in co-pays, all that pain in the ass stuff. Go to 4hims.com. It's so easy. You give a few
quick questions. Doctor will review your stuff and he'll prescribe you. Products are shipped
directly to your door. It's great stuff, man. Can't beat it. So our listeners get a trial month
of HIMS for just 5 today, right now, while supplies last.
See the website for full details.
This will cost hundreds if you want to the doctor or pharmacy.
Go to 4hymns.com slash hockey.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash hockey.
4hymns.com slash hockey.
Now I'd like to introduce a very special guest that we're bringing in.
He's one of the last enforcers of the game.
He's in the feature documentary, The Last Guardians.
It's kind of great.
We have Biz Zanetti here, too.
A couple of face punches.
Welcome to the show, Colton Orr.
Thanks for having me, guys.
You know, been listening to him for a while, so it's nice to actually get on here.
Thanks, man.
Thanks a lot for coming on.
I'm already doing the dirty work, sliding into Colton's DMs to get him on.
Well, I can't get approved at that fancy chick-chasing site you belong to.
I can't do that like you do.
Raya.
Raya.
Okay, there we go.
I don't know what these guys want.
It was Raya.
Talk to that guy right there.
Well, a couple of the boys told me about it.
It's like some underground society, babes all over it, verified Instagram models,
but you have to be accepted as a guy.
It's for famous people.
Yeah, basically.
I wouldn't even say that because I got a couple of buddies
who just somehow got the blue checkmark, so they got to slide in.
But you have to post your Instagram account.
You have to tell them who referenced you or showed you the website.
I was lucky enough to get accepted.
It was like a kid on Christmas that morning.
Things have changed a little bit.
Yeah, a little bit.
No one even asked for a number at the bar anymore.
They'll text the girl two feet down, though.
I'm old school.
I still like to chase in person, but it's nice to have a little backup plan.
You should be in the Serengeti, you.
What's the Serengeti?
It's a Serengeti.
It's a large grass field in Africa where all the wild lions chase other animals around.
Biz, this is what we were talking about the other day with the interesting facts.
Yeah, how did you know that?
He just knows the craziest things in the world.
Honestly, knowing about the Serengeti isn't some secret society you have to be a part of.
Colton, do you know about it?
No, I didn't know about it.
So he looked at me like I did.
Yeah, exactly.
I was like, yeah, nodding my head.
So for two.
Yeah.
So, all right, let's go to the beginning of your career, Cole.
You weren't drafted, correct?
No, undrafted.
You know, I played Western Hockey League and went into Boston's camp a couple times and
just pretty much fought my way into the roster.
I fought Walshie.
Brendan Walsh.
Brendan Walsh.
Do you know that name?
Dorchester's own.
Yeah.
So 8.30 in the morning, inter-squad game.
This kid just jumps me. first shift out on the ice.
I'm like, who is this guy?
So we ended up fighting three times that inter-squad game,
and that's kind of where I got my first recognition of being able to handle my own.
So did you do two camps with the Bruins before they signed you?
Two camps.
I went in the one, and then I went through the draft twice.
They told me they were going to draft me, and then they didn't.
So they just brought me in and signed me instead, I guess.
Well, they saved them a bonus money, I'm sure.
Yeah, exactly.
Dexter Jacobs was probably thinking that.
Just thought I'd say that out loud.
So you were with the Bruins.
Short time, I mean, I know you were the Providence Bruins during the lockout,
and you were down the ranges.
And then Toronto, you played for three out of the original six teams.
I mean, do you feel lucky that you didn't have to play for other teams?
Everyone seems to look to those teams growing up, and you've played for three of them.
It's pretty amazing to play in three original six teams,
but then you think about rent and the big cities when you're going.
You're playing in Toronto, Boston, and New York.
You're making minimum wages.
That's why I love Arizona.
You get to hide away. No one bugs you when you go out, and you're making minimum wages. That's why I love Arizona. You get to hide away.
No one bugs you when you go out, and your cost of living's down.
Taxes aren't crazy.
These things you don't think about when you're living the dream in New York City,
but then you're paying rent downtown New York.
Yeah, not cheap.
I mean, even just going to the liquor store, you buy a six-pack.
It's like 18 after they tax you to death down here.
So what are you doing these days?
You know, I've been doing some media.
I've been doing XM Radio and some TSN Radio for Toronto.
And then I'm also doing some youth clinics.
I'm doing Colton Law Hockey Academy.
And it's teaching body contact and body checking properly.
And when you think about me going to be doing a hitting clinic,
everyone thinks, okay, oh, man, we're going to teach you how to blow a guy up.
You know, but I've kind of teach the kids how to do it properly, keep them safe,
and I just kind of helping kids kind of learn and navigate
because I feel it's a lost art.
You see a lot of these kids, and everyone's so skilled and dangles everywhere,
but they're losing kind losing how to hit properly.
Yeah, when they're put in that situation where they can't throw one,
maybe they don't hold back because they never learned the proper techniques
or don't have those instincts built in.
Whereas when I was young, I used to go to a body contact hockey camp every summer.
And especially right before you started contact,
it was just known in the area, go to this one.
And I guess I pride myself on never being suspended
for throwing a dirty hit.
You never suspended?
Never.
I got suspended one time, and it was in preseason
because Jordan Nolan smoked Rostov-Klesa.
Klesa was out with a conky for a couple weeks.
But he came out of the box because he ended up getting a two-minute penalty,
and I was begging to come on the ice. And domey he was his first training camp he was coming towards the bench and then a scrum ensued and i locked eyes with max domey assuming
he was coming to the bench so as soon as i locked eyes with him and i saw him coming i jumped over
and went and then max turned around and came to the dog pile so i ended up getting 10 gamer oh for
jumping for jumping off the bench but they they reduced it to three, thank God,
because I pleaded my case, and even Sutter said I didn't jump off the bench.
I've got one suspension in the NHL,
and it was for cross-checking Ovechkin in the face
and taking out his two front teeth.
It was a game where Donald Brashear went after Shanahan.
They had the fight where they went toe-to-toe.
Shani did well. Oh, he did really
well. He looked at me on the bench and was like, Orzy, don't worry, I got
this one tonight. What?
He hops over and fights Brashear
and we're sitting there going, we can't let this
happen.
I got the word to go out there and
take care of business. My first
reaction was to go after Ovechkin.
No puck. Didn't even look for him. Just came right around the go after Ovechkin, right? No puck.
Didn't even look for him.
Just came right around the circle and cross-checked him right in the face.
Five games.
Pretty sure I'd probably get banned for life now or like 20 games.
Oh, I was going to say media would have took over there.
You would have been toast.
You would have been sitting for half a year.
It didn't even get that much attention.
Thank God, yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, everything's so magnified now with social media and every little thing gets picked apart.
Now, just going back again to when you broke in,
did you ever have a general manager or a coach expressly tell you,
you have to fight to stay in this league or you need to fight tonight
or was it just always sort of implied?
No, it was just, that was my role.
When I started hockey, I was like 11 years old.
And I was, so I didn't know how to skate.
I was running around the ice and hitting guys anyway.
So I was always a checking forward, a guy that would just run around, a role player.
And I knew if I was going to make it, that was what was going to take me there.
I was fighting.
My first fight was at 14 years old.
That's what I was going to ask.
What league was that in?
It was just like AAA in Winnipeg.
Buckets off?
I know.
So you drop one glove.
You just start chucking them, get the helmet off,
then you throw the other one and sent the kid to the hospital, broken nose.
It was absolutely insane.
Now, who were some of the enforcers you looked up to when you were growing up?
So I looked up, you know, I'm from Winnipeg, so Ty Domi was one of the guys.
Chris King, probably?
Chris King, Probert, these guys.
And I had an opportunity
Did you fight Domi?
I never fought Domi
I wasn't in the league yet
I went out and
I was chasing him around the ice
When I was in Boston
He was in Toronto
And I kept
I was just begging him
I'm like please
Yeah you want your name on that
Yeah you know
I was just saying
I fought Ty Domi
And I was just like
I'll go left handed if I have to
It doesn't matter
I just want to fight you
I couldn't get him to drop.
He's like, not tonight, kid.
Were there any guys who you looked up to
that you did eventually fight,
and what was that like if it did happen?
The first one was Eric Cairns.
He was my first.
Oh, he's a big one.
He was a big one in Florida,
and so I got to fight him.
It was my first fight,
and he probably got to better me,
but I was just happy to say that I fought him.
He was one of the guys that I was just happy to see him. You showed up. I fought him, yeah.
He was one of the guys that I didn't want to fight and we never really got matched up against each other much.
It would always be you're a healthy scratch
or I was a healthy scratch.
Because I always heard you had plates in your knuckles
in your face or something.
Okay.
You were like some mythical creature in the locker room
where I was like, oh, fuck, I hope I'm not playing tonight.
Some crazy doctor from Canada put a bunch of metal plates in my hand.
That rumor was started by Shanahan.
So it is a rumor.
Yeah.
It was started with Shanahan because we were playing against the Islanders,
and Brendan Witt was crying like a baby to the refs,
saying he shouldn't be fighting.
He's got a broken hand.
No, sorry, he's got plates in his hand.
So he's telling the refs this. He's like, no, you shouldn't be fighting. You can't be fighting. He's got a broken hand. No, sorry, he's got plates in his hand. So he's telling the refs this.
He shouldn't be fighting.
He can't be fighting.
And sure enough, after that, they sent him a memo,
and they wanted to see what kind of the league wanted
and what was in my hand, what kind of metal plates.
But there was nothing?
No, there's screws and pins and everything.
Oh, so there is metal.
There's a little bit of metal, but not enough.
So it's putting on the foil to the extreme, I guess.
Yeah, you put it underneath, you can't see it, right?
That's where the foil goes down.
Hey, that rumor was still cooking around when I was playing,
and it's almost like you did it to get that mental edge going into fights.
Maybe you told Shandy to tell everyone.
Well, I didn't mind it was going around.
Like, I played up on it, for sure.
I heard it in your face, too, that I'm like, oh, my God,
I'm going to get smoked getting punched, and even when I'm punching i'm gonna be hurting just a hard head now you
mentioned you wanted to fight ty doyne but that was you know to help stake your make a reputation
whatever was there anybody that you who you just wanted to punch the fuck out of but never had the
opportunity to uh no there's only like anyone i've ever fought i seem to have like a good uh
you have respect for. Yes.
I even respect, I didn't fight Biz, but I have respect for what he did, and he kind of did the same job.
But Donald Brashear is the one guy that if I saw on the street today, I would fight.
What? Really?
He just drove me nuts.
He just jumped me every time.
I could never get a- So not an honest guy.
Yeah, I just never liked it.
You go up and ask him
And then he wouldn't say anything
Or you're like
Just tap me on the shit pad
And nod
Always find me
End of a shift
And it just
All the time
Yeah
One guy
So is there like
Fighters etiquette like that
Where like you're not
Like you don't
You don't find someone
At the end of their shift
Or like you don't do
That kind of shit
Well yeah
Those are the guys
That you're trying to get the edge
You know what I mean
You're looking for a guy
Catch him when he's
Tired or whatever Yeah you hated that stuff You didn what I mean? You're looking for a guy to catch him when he's tired or whatever.
Yeah, you hated that stuff.
You didn't want any of that.
You just need a little bit of communication.
At the end of the shift, if he threw a big hit and for some reason our line got cut out there,
our team's line, and then finally I got out towards the end of that guy's shift,
I go up and I say, let's go.
And he's usually going to say, buddy, I'm at the end of my shift.
And you had to do it.
You had to give the coach the visual that you were going over to try to handle that business
now you obviously hope to get lined up against them later in that game but i mean that's you'd
always know when a guy was like a right winger and then would come across the ice and yeah you
give you a tap well another thing too is if your team's down too and you know all of a sudden your
coach like all right fourth line you line. You ask the other fourth liner.
But then it became a thing where it was, you know, don't want to give away the momentum.
Yeah.
Was that always a thing when you were in the league?
It was.
It's like, oh, if you're up two, you know, you don't want to fight.
You don't want to get the other team going.
I always wanted to just, I'd rather just go with the guy.
I used to fight McGratton all the time.
We'd just go toe to toe.
Let's get it over with early.
Now saying that, Tip used to tell me when we were up a few if usually that he knew their guy was going to come over and give me the chin uh shin pad tap but he would tell me not to fight is that the same case with you oh yeah yeah
yeah definitely would uh like randy uh carlisle in toronto you'd let me know for sure he'd be like
uh you know if we're up don't don't fight him. I remember a time in Montreal, Peros was coming after me,
and he did not want me to fight him.
He was just like, let it be, let it be.
So he definitely didn't want to hold back for you.
Don't get momentum.
Careful of Peros today.
He'll discipline your ass now.
Oh, I know.
He'd be the one giving me the suspension on the cross check.
Exactly.
Ask him what he'd give me now.
He's got a tough job.
What am I picking on, George?
He's smart and tough.
I'm not fucking with you.
Great guy.
I'll talk to him once in a while, and what he's doing is he's doing a pretty good job
about having to handle that.
You're never going to win.
You can't win in that situation.
No, never.
Someone's going to hate you.
Someone's not.
As far as you getting a job right out of playing, for the most part, you've got all these things
going on.
It's probably nice because you see some guys get out of playing, and there's a bit of a struggle to find a purpose. You've got all these things going on. It's probably nice because you see some guys get out of playing
and there's a bit of a struggle to find a purpose.
You've got to keep busy when you get out of the game.
No one can prepare you for finishing hockey.
You're so used to just being around the rink and competing with the guys
and going out there and just going on the road, having dinner every night.
It's just something that when you're in the in Mista, you're not around it.
It's definitely a weird feeling.
So you have to keep busy.
The Rangers alumni has been unbelievable, getting involved with that kind of stuff.
But, yeah, it was nothing, you know, you can really prepare for.
I mean, yeah, it's a constant in your life as long as you can remember it.
It's just, you know, suddenly ripped apart.
Do you think that the league and or the union do enough for players
immediately after they retire, or could they be doing things better?
I think that maybe back in the day, though, it just kind of wasn't common knowledge
because people didn't really speak about their feelings and how things were going on,
and also there wasn't social media, at least not so much as far as speaking
about how your feelings are.
It's more socially acceptable as a man to say, you know, I'm depressed or I'm this or I'm that.
But on the other side of it, I feel like guys know now.
It's like this is going to come to an end.
You need to start preparing now.
But a lot of guys just say, I'll keep playing, I'll keep playing.
And then something serious happens and all of a sudden your life gets ripped away from you, as you said,
and they just don't have anything.
They don't have any more structure.
And it's not even necessarily the money thing.
It's just waking up every day and having a purpose.
Yeah.
And you talk about, like, guys won't say anything.
We have such a manly mentality.
Macho bullshit.
You know, yeah.
And so you don't want to reach out.
Guys, when they're done, they won't look to reach out.
I think that's kind of the problem as well,
is they won't want to admit that, you know,
things aren't going wrong or going bad.
Right, especially guys like yourselves,
who are known as quote-unquote tough guys who punch faces for a living.
That's probably even tougher for you guys to say,
hey, man, I need help here.
I need someone to throw me a bone.
Well, I can't get angry anymore and just go punch someone in the face.
I figured that out real quick with this guy.
That's why I'm so mouthy to him all the time.
So was there
any uh opposing players that you were actually like for lack of a better word afraid of to fight
like just like legit scared of like i mean i know bob probert was the guy in history you're gonna
like this one but uh zidane ochara oh was the one guy uh that i would was a little bit iffy about
just because he was so big and he would only fight when he was angry.
When he was mad and you can just see it in him,
he was just like, oh, shit, you poked a bear.
Like, don't mess with this guy.
So he was the one guy that was, you know, I would still go after him.
It wouldn't stop me from going at him, but I would just say, okay,
just be careful of this one.
Because you see him, he picked up, was it McCabe?
He just grabbed and just had him up in the air
And rarely do you see
Guys of that size
Have that switch too
Like you said
Like it doesn't
It's not often
So some
Like there's a lot of guys
Troll him and try to get
Under his skin
He's not really phased
But when you've
You've got him to that point
And he may be
At a grumpy day
You know the kids
Are bugging him at home
Or the wife's all over him
Yeah take a water sir
Yeah he He just goes banana.
And he's so powerful and big.
And once he has the wires crossed, you're fucked.
He's a freaking freak how strong he is.
Same with Buff.
Bufflin's kind of like that, too.
Watching Buff just grab these guys has been so entertaining.
It's been awesome.
Just like rag-dolling two guys.
He's like a superhero.
I think Reeves would go after him a little more.
Would you like to see that?
Yeah. I mean, I don't know how much they're superhero. I think Reeves would go after him a little more. Would you like to see that? Yeah.
I mean, I don't know how much they're going to be playing Reeves in this series.
Was he a healthy scratch last game?
No, he played.
Oh, he did?
Yeah.
And he's kind of been going at him, and it's kind of been failing.
I mean, every time he tries to throw a check at Bufflin,
Bufflin puts him on his ass.
Yeah.
Just that strong.
Yeah.
And Reeves is a big boy, too.
And Reeves said, too, when they asked him about going up against him,
he goes, he's got at least 50 pounds on me.
Yeah.
I think it's wise to keep him in the lineup then because, like I said,
I haven't been paying too close attention to these games like I should be.
But that Winnipeg team is huge up front and, I guess, even on the back end.
So you've got to match it with some type of size.
Yeah.
I thought for sure he was going to play a little bit of a factor
just on, like you said, how big Winnipeg is.
And everyone's over 6'4", 6'7".
It's nuts how big they are.
And fast still, yeah.
This is switching topics here.
Do you keep in touch with the Aves?
I haven't talked to them in a while.
Sean Avery is the one I'm talking about for those listening.
Me and Avery roomed together back in the day.
Oh, my.
When I was playing with the New York Rangers.
What was that like?
It was fun.
Yeah?
He definitely had  he knew where to go around the city
and all the hookups and could take us anywhere.
So he was definitely a fun roommate.
Is he a misunderstood guy or is he just abrasive?
I'll use that word.
He was a guy that was kind of doing what guys do now
and promoting themselves back then.
And it was frowned upon.
You couldn't do that before.
You don't want to know.
They didn't want to have anyone have a personality.
So he kind of started that before.
I don't think it would be that big of a deal in today's game.
I like Aves a lot.
I guess you could give him that kind of like a dick label.
If he doesn't like you, you're going to know it.
Yeah, he was always good for me because he was the agitator, right?
And I love having guys like that because he'd go start the fights
and then I could finish them.
So having a guy like that on the ice for me was always my favorite.
A guy who would just go stir the pot every game.
Drop security.
Yeah, he just kept me busy.
Speaking of fight, what just stands basically on fighting today?
I mean, I don't know if the word's happy.
Are you glad to see it's not the rehearsed stuff that guys are getting hurt for really no reason for?
Do you think there should be more of it?
What's your take on it?
This is tough.
I'm definitely, because you're so aware now of concussions
and everything and you want to
make sure players are safe
but you start to see more now
guys are, like look at
Tom Wilson, he's got no one to
answer to anymore. He can go out and do
whatever he wanted
and so
when you see like that,
you kind of wish there was maybe a little bit more
just to keep him in place.
But you still have to make sure you're protecting your players
and you're making sure that you're taking care of head injuries
because it is an issue,
and that's something that you want to look at.
But I think it's going in the right direction.
You know, you don't see the stage fights anymore. Which I'm fine with. Yeah, I think that's going in the right direction. You don't see the stage fights anymore.
Which I'm fine with.
Yeah, I think that was fine.
I thought it was entertainment.
When we were out there, I'd feed off the crowd.
I had fun playing in New York City and going to Massacre Garden.
Yeah, you're like Muhammad Ali, man.
And challenging a guy.
That was the most alive I would ever feel.
Yeah, when you'd hear the crowd, it would just amp you up so much.
It had an entertainment value to it as well.
It wasn't just to go out there.
Who wouldn't want that?
Who doesn't want to see two giant beasts square up in the middle of the ice?
I think we should get you two for the next rough and rowdy.
We were close maybe in the minors.
I wouldn't fight them.
I fought the McDermott.
Oh, wow.
In that one game,
and then you fought someone after that, Smitty?
Yeah, I think it was Smith when he was playing with the Stockton Heat.
Well, Colton was with the Stockton Heat.
It was Calgary Flames farm team.
You got sent down.
I signed.
No, I signed.
I signed in Stockton.
You guys had a few big leagues.
You got to play in Phoenix, so you knew what it was like to play in that warm weather.
I never got that.
It was always the East Coast.
I wanted that one year of being in warm climate and not having to always just be about hockey.
And so it was nice to get out there.
And we lived close to San Francisco, about 45 minutes, and just enjoyed kind of warm weather during the year instead of, you know, this winter that we have to put up.
It's unbelievable walking out in shorts and a T-shirt.
Yeah, a little more motivated sometimes
when you've got that, you know,
while in the rink you can go for a round of golf.
Yeah, not six inches of snow on the ground.
It makes you pull the covers back.
My first year back after my days with the Coyotes,
I was in Manchester,
and that was L.A. Kings farm team at the time.
And they had their worst winter in the last like 40 years.
And I was super depressed.
I had a picture on my Instagram with like six feet of snow in the bed of my truck.
It was the craziest winter.
It was 2015.
Yeah, three or four years ago.
I would come to Boston because it was only a 45-minute drive.
Thanks for the call.
Yeah. And the fucking snow from the street would be put on the cars,
so people couldn't even move their cars.
Yeah, I think it was like five or six feet in a month.
It was a crazy storm.
I'm from Winnipeg, so the snow.
Yeah, exactly.
Let's start talking about snow, and that's all we grew up with.
No sympathy from you.
Now, you mentioned Winnipeg.
They're currently down 2-1 in the series.
You must be pulling for them.
You're a Winnipeg boy.
Oh, yeah.
That would be just great for the city and the organization.
I grew up with my family having a season ticket holder,
and it was just  they're going nuts right now in that city.
They're absolutely just loving every minute of it.
So, yeah, I would love to see them be able to kind of pull this off,
and it would just be good for them as a team to be able to
give them that kind of clout
to be able to go out and sign free agents and keep a good
team in that city because they deserve it.
They're diehards and
they want to be at the whole city
just wearing white every day. It's crazy.
They did nothing to lose the team in the first
place. Just an owner who tried to
get a building built and moved into the desert
but it's been great to watch.
And I see people like, oh, what are the ratings going to be this year?
It's like, would you rather have the two best teams from Winnipeg, Chicago, I mean, St.
Louis?
Who cares where they're from?
They don't have to be in New York versus LA every year.
Well, it's been entertaining hockey.
Exactly.
It's good hockey.
If you've only put a good brand out there, then it's fine.
I don't worry about ratings and all that kind of stuff.
Right. I mean, I know ultimately better ratings, i don't worry about ratings and all that kind of stuff right i mean i know ultimately better ratings better ad all the
money and all that stuff but it's like just enjoy it i mean these are these are four of the best
teams in league playing unreal hockey and it's been a treat every single night uh moving forward
anything that you you want to try and do have you been trying to get in with the nhl network maybe
with a nhl team reach out to toronto or maybe maybe New York? I'm just staying involved around the game.
I can enjoy just kind of coaching youth hockey, you know,
teaching the kids and just kind of stick around that right now.
I'm not kind of planning where I'm going to go right now.
I just want to stay in that development side of it.
So we'll see where it takes me.
You like the freedom of doing your own thing.
Cool.
Well, I just wanted to ask you, Witts couldn't be here today,
so he wanted me to ask you about
a fight you had when you
were playing in Providence against David
Kochi. Oh, from the
Wilkes-Barre Scrapping Penguins. Yeah, from
Witts was playing in Wilkes-Barre. He said
his mom was at the game and she
called him, it was his first year pro, and she
called him crying after the game saying
that he could never fight and
basically that she was freaking out.
So do you remember the fight?
I remember fighting Coach E when he was at Tampa.
I don't remember the minor league one.
But he was still a tough boy.
He was a big guy.
I remember when we fought in Tampa, he had the jersey over me at one point,
and I had to pull my way out and find my way out but
I don't know why he's crying.
Mrs. Whitney had absolutely
nothing to worry about.
Family life,
everything's good there? Oh yeah, so
my wife's from New York so I met her
when I played here. Oh nice. And then brought her up
to Toronto. But now we got
two kids. We got a five-year-old daughter
and a two-year-old son.
My daughter Charlotte started hockey already, and she loves it
because she missed being around the game.
She missed being around the dressing room.
So she's picked up the game now, and I've taught her the hit already.
So it's kind of fun to go watch her out.
And in her squad game, she goes out there and just takes out the biggest kid.
Goes after the boys?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No big deal. She brings it up to this day. She's like, remember when I was out there and just takes out the biggest kid. Goes after the boys? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
No big deal.
She brings it up to this day.
She's like, remember when I was out there and I took out the biggest kid?
I was like, yeah, it's awesome.
So she's pumped and she'll be starting on a team next year.
She'll be just dummying chicks when she gets to college.
Take it out.
If you could pick one fight from your career, whether it be AHL, NHL,
what would you say was the best fight, maybe from an entertainment perspective,
that you had in your career?
We should put the swipe up on the story on Instagram.
If someone would direct them right to it.
I got you.
I'd have to say my best fights, well.
Not necessarily if you won or lost, whatever.
Just like you refer to it as entertaining.
You wanted to watch one fight over.
Well, if you watch me and McGrattan.
Yeah.
Oh, man, I fought him twice in the American League.
So we go, and our first, I'm not sure how many times,
but our first, like, four fights, if you look at them,
you can put them side by side, they look like the exact same fight.
It's just us toe to toe, just, you know, just like bombs
and just no care for defense at all.
And then on the fifth fight, when I was at Toronto, he was with Calgary,
he was texting my trainer before the game telling him that he's got a new move to show me.
Like that day, day of game, tell him I got a new move.
Tell your boy I got a new move to show him today.
And so we get out there in the first shift.
We start going, and I shift, we start going.
And I get the better of him.
I put his nose on the other side of his face.
And after the game, we text him back and go, you know, what was that new move?
And he's like, apparently getting my nose smashed across my face.
And Big Ern's awesome.
I still talk to him. He loves fighting.
He loved it.
He was one of the guys that would absolutely love it.
Like, he would get so amped up. And you knew every time I was going to play him,
I had to be ready to fight.
Well, he got knocked out in the American League,
and he was back on Twitter saying, hey, you win some, you lose some.
I don't care.
Next game, he was right back.
He fought the same guy.
And, hey, I mean, say how you want to feel about it,
but he's not a hypocrite.
He goes there and gets it done,
and he's not looking for sympathy from anyone after something like that happens.
And that's the thing.
He wanted to get right back out there.
It was just like, you know, I'll fight whoever's next.
And Colt Norris is probably not the one guy you want to try a new move on
in an actual hockey fight.
Maybe pick on a smaller guy, maybe a middleweight or a light heavyweight.
Speaking of moves, and he certainly didn't invent it,
but he probably popularized it in the NHL. Kevin Bieksa,
the Superman punch. Did you ever
try to throw that punch? You ever
work on it? I never tried. The one that I always
wanted to do was the spinning backfist.
I've always worked on that one because you can get
so much torque when you're
spinning on your skates.
Like you said, I wouldn't want to try it against
a real heavyweight, but
definitely in my mind, I'm like, if I can get a guy that's kind of a middleweight and wouldn't want to try it against a real heavyweight, but there's definitely, in my mind, I'm like,
if I can get a guy that's kind of a middleweight, I'm going to try it.
And I never got the opportunity.
After seeing Bieska do little Superman punches, I'm like, I wish I would have.
What would you do if a guy turned around and a Superman punched you?
I mean, a spinning back fist.
Well, I'd be a little bit more worried about the Superman punch
because you kind of put yourself out there.
When you do the spinorama one you're talking about, if you just make that full circle and you don't connect,
at least you're not committed in there and in tight where you can potentially get knocked out.
Or you also smash your hand, break the back of your hand, too.
That, too.
But at least you're not getting your own face smashed.
But I got metal plates in my hand, so it'll be all right.
It wouldn't be a big deal.
Yeah, there you go.
Putting it on the foil and keeping it on. Keeping it underneath. Yeah. But at least you're not getting your own face. But I got metal plates in my hand, so it'll be all right. It wouldn't be a big deal. Yeah, yeah, there you go. Putting on the foil and keeping it on.
Yeah, keeping it underneath.
Hidden.
I was interested, is there any hobbies or things that you do that people don't know
about?
Like, are you a fisherman?
What do you do to separate?
I ride motorcycles, so I've always been a Harley guy.
So I like to get on my bike and just cruise, and that was something I always did.
I got in trouble for bringing it to the rink in New York.
I brought it down, and Slasty wasn't a big fan of me taking my Harley.
It was off season two.
I thought it would be okay.
Was it against your contract?
I know sometimes teams put stuff like that down.
It's not in your contract, but it's very vague in your contract.
It says something like you can't dangerous activities or something. I don't know. It's very vague in your contract. It says something like you can't, like, dangerous activities or something.
I don't know.
It's very vague.
I still think you could say, hey, like, go fuck yourself.
I'm going to do what I want.
I'm a grown man.
But the problem is if you get hurt doing it, they ain't going to be paying you.
Then you're riding a vest but a practice like Mike Green on 8-24-7 a few years back.
All right, non-fight question.
What was the biggest goal you scored in the best favorite party career
that wasn't fight-related?
So game 300 of my NHL career, playing with Toronto and going into New Jersey.
I was just happy to play 300 games at that point.
I never thought I'd play one, not only 300.
So I was pumped.
My wife and family was all down there.
And sure enough, I find myself on a breakaway against Martin Berger.
And I'm sitting there going, at first, I've never been on a breakaway.
I've never got a breakaway in the NHL.
Yeah, it was like a flip pass from Jamal Mayers.
I'm going down the middle.
I catch it in my glove and put it down.
I'm on a breakaway.
I'm going, okay, what do I do now? You're probably looking around like,
where the fuck is everyone? I'm in from center in
all alone. So I have way too
much time to think about
this, you know, of what I'm going to do on Brodeur.
You know, a Hall of Fame goaltender.
I'm sitting there going, so sure enough, I just get down
there and quickly shoot.
And I score a low blocker
and incoming is
Mark Fraser and he absolutely just buries Brodeur after it.
So adding salt into a wound, his own demon takes him out right afterwards.
So it was awesome.
It was just one of the best feelings of scoring a breakaway goal.
And no offense to this, you don't exactly have breakaway speed,
and neither did I.
I never got a breakaway in the NHL.
I'm actually jealous of this.
And from the red line in, which is even crazy.
Somebody must have blew a tire back there.
I think it was Frazier.
Yeah, they must have ran into each other.
And that's why he was working really hard to get back,
and then he took them out.
How many career goals did you have, Biz?
I had seven.
What did you have, Orsi?
Twelve.
Oh, fuck.
Wow.
He played a lot longer.
How many games did you end up finishing with?
460. Was he 12? Oh, fuck. Wow. He played a lot longer. How many games did you end up finishing with? 400 and...
No, 460.
So you laughed me.
Yeah, something like that.
Who is the best coach you ever played for?
You played for a few over the years.
Tom Rennie, for me, has been not only a coach,
was awesome in New York, but he's been a mentor to me still.
He's still someone I'll reach out to and talk to all the time. He's, you know, he's a guy that when I played in New York. He's been a mentor to me still. He's still someone I'll reach out to and talk to all the time.
He's, you know, he's a guy that when I played in New York,
he played me more like a checking line forward.
Like we'd be out against Crosby when he was young.
It would be like out there making sure that Crosby wouldn't score goals.
And that was the time I'm like, I couldn't believe I was out there doing that.
But he had that kind of faith in me to go out there and uh you know make sure that I was responsible
enough and play good defense and kind of piss him off and then I would always have to end up
fighting Goddard because I'd be sticking Crosby all night so then me and Goddard would have to
go after that I roomed with him when I was in Pittsburgh our first uh when I was told we made
the NHL I made the NHL our first stop was the World Premier Games in Stockholm, Sweden.
And, yeah, he was my roommate.
He wasn't partying at that time, though.
He'd shut it down.
He's tough.
He would go at it.
He was scary tough.
He'd stand right in there and throw hammers.
Keeping on the coach thing, and you don't have to throw anybody on the bus here,
but who do you think is the most overratedrated coach in the league if you would wow controversy yeah
you're looking for some if you don't you know we can cut chop it if you don't want i'm not trying
to goad you into anything i've got nothing for that yeah you know that's yeah that's not yeah
i don't we don't last thing we would do is get you put bad words in your mouth anything else all
right anything else you want to talk about maybe?
Any things you want to plug?
I just want to get my  are we talking about camp?
Yeah.
Yeah, there you go.
So you have a website?
Yeah.
So you go coltonloerhockey.com,
and you can see all about the camps I'll be doing
and everything with the body contact and body checking.
I started kind of working with these young athletes to kind of start awareness about making sure you're protecting yourself and hitting properly.
Any public speaking going on?
Not yet, no.
Any plans to?
No.
You?
No, I haven't done one yet, but I got asked to do one, and I'm like, I don't know what the fuck to get up there and say.
You've been public speaking down here all week.
What are you talking about?
Well, yeah, but it's different when you're podcasting,
shooting the shit, than when just people are just staring at you,
expecting to learn something.
Stand up there and...
Do you want to give the website address?
Is it coltonoer.com, or is it...
Oh, did I not give it?
Coltonoerhockey.com.
Get an extra plug in there for you.
You're going to read an ad about your own website.
Yeah, I'm going to need it in front of me.
Well, we wanted to thank you for coming on, especially last minute here.
Yeah, thanks guys for having me.
No, our pleasure, man.
Like I said, we've been talking for a long time trying to get you in here,
and it worked out.
It's been a pleasure for me to sit down with two guys who did what you did.
I grew up watching hockey in the 70s and 80s,
and it's a dying art that's gone away but uh you know it's it's been an honor
honestly you guys what you've done it's you sacrifice a lot of yourselves for the
betterment of the team and that's a great thing and it's uh it's been a pleasure
before we let you head out for the weekend go to store.bastelsports.com and use the promo code
chicklets for 15 off everything in the store. The Barstool McAvoy crossover hats.
We got the spitting chiclet shirts, not a big deal shirts.
By the way, we got a whole new line of stuff that's going to be coming soon.
So keep yourself posted there.
We got the hoodies, the bomber jackets, the Henley shirts.
Saturday's up for the boys, pool floats and more.
So go to store.barstoolsports.com and use the promo code chiclets for 15 off.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S
and don't tell Prez.
Great stuff with Colton Lawman.
I mean, he was honest. He was up
front. He was great. It was great having you
guys together. So big thanks to him. Also
big thanks to Sam Reinhart.
We had a wild week down in New York.
I think our livers are probably paying the price for it.
So we're going to cut it out
soon here because it's been a long night.
Biz, any potting thoughts on the week?
No, it was a nice change of pace to get Colton Orr on from Teddy Purcell.
You had the funny guy over in Russia, and then you get the tough guy family man.
So we like to change it up on the pot here a little bit.
So thanks, everyone, for listening, and that's about it for tonight.
All right, everybody, have a great weekend, and i will see you next week start spreading the news you're leaving today tell him frank i want to be
