Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is presented by MyBookie.ag.
You think you know who's going to win big game seven Wednesday night?
Tampa Bay, Washington, you want some side action?
Lay down some cake and get in on the action at the safest online sportsbook in the world.
It's the only one we have recommended to our listeners.
action at the safest online sports book in the world it's the only one we have recommended to our listeners mybookie.ag offers all kinds of different wages on major league baseball nba
playoffs nhl playoffs and so much more and when you win you get lightning fast payouts you can
even create your own prop wages using the prop machine that's insane you heard that right your
own matchups your own wages between any players that are in action that day a little bit of fantasy
but also gambling that's what everybody likes.
Go check them out now.
Use the promo code SPIT for a 50 bonus when you deposit.
We only recommend the website to our listeners.
That's been good to us.
That's why we're telling you to go to mybookie.ag.
The only place you want to go with the Las Vegas-style sportsbook gambling.
They got every sport.
They got League of Legends, the eSport.
If you want to bet the video games, it's crazy, but that's what people like.
Get on it.
In addition, you got the casino games like blackjack, roulette, craps, and slots.
MyBookie.ag has it all.
Not to mention, you can play them all on your cell phone, iPad, or tablet.
Totally up to you.
You can literally play from anywhere.
You play, you win, you get paid.
So if you want to get in on the action this summer, go to MyBookie.ag now
and sign up with them using the promo code SPIT
to ensure that
you're eligible for all future promotions and bonuses visit las vegas from your couch and try
them out today once again that's mybookie.ag with the promo code spit
hello everybody welcome to episode 86 of spit andin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Kucherov episode.
Kucherov episode, yeah. First off, Tampa Bay couldn't close it out tonight.
We're going to have a Game 7 in the Eastern Conference Finals.
We're going to get to that series a little bit later.
But first, the Las Vegas, I'm sorry, the Vegas Golden Knights defied all odds, all costs.
And look at them.
They're in the Stanley Cup final, their first year in existence.
A lot of people are happy with the story at first.
Now, they're not so much biz.
What's your take on this stuff?
I mean, let's start from the net.
Fleury is on a fucking heater, man.
Hey, he's closed out every series on the the road and he's allowed one goal in those three
games that's that's legit that's legit it's insane he shut out the other two clinching wow
well no he so he shut out uh one goal in every game you meant or zero so la they won 1-0 in Game 4 on the road. In the second series, they beat San Jose 3-0 on the road.
And then they beat Winnipeg 2-1 on the road.
He is  but I think win or lose, he's the consmite winner.
Yeah, I thought that was the dumbest tweet.
Like, dude, what if he gets shelled in the finals and they get swept 5-0 every game?
He ain't getting a con, Smythe.
Yeah, I mean, but all that isn't happening.
Well, yeah, I wouldn't bet against it,
but whatever the fuck I bet against loses,
so what do I know?
I mean, guys, Vegas is such a wagon.
Oh, my God.
I could live to be 100 years old, Vegas is such a wagon. Oh, my God.
I could live to be 100 years old, and I don't think I'll ever be as wrong about anything as I was about Vegas.
I mean, Fleury is the best he's ever looked,
the best he's ever played by far and away.
He's just, like, laughing out there.
And then, like, Ryan Reeves, Reeves, who we were talking about because
Buff Daddy was just dummying him around.
He gets the clinching goal,
the winning goal on the road in Vegas.
Or sorry, in
Winnipeg, his hometown,
by the way, mind you.
It's just been like a series,
a season of just these dream
scenarios coming true for Vegas.
James,
the real deal.
Neil's out there buzzing.
The only thing,
and I,
I think I,
did I bring it up around the office around you guys are on the last
podcast.
Marsha show driving this goddamn Lamborghini with the team logo on it is
pathetic.
I don't give a fuck how sick the cars,
if you drive around a car with your team's logo on it,
you might as well be Eberly driving around his Oilers truck with his name
and number and then fucking license plate and rearview mirror yeah i think they might have uh
talked him into that one because they had the camera there and stuff yeah but you're not talking
me into it i know but no business you're actually busy you would be you'd be selling like ad space
you'd be like you'd have the back like uh you know trunk club you'd be selling like ad space. You'd be like, you'd have the back like, you know, trunk club.
I'd be monetizing with my Instagram.
This is the warrior hockey Lamborghini right here.
Ad biz nasty 2.0, Twitter feed, Instagram's the same, Snapchat DMs.
But I mean, it does fit though for the whole Vegas thing,
because Vegas has that over the top sort of cheesy element.
So I mean, a Lambo with golden Knights on the side,
it probably just fits,
but what's been impressive is they've just eviscerated everybody.
I mean,
12 and three there.
It's like,
you can't,
there's been no situation or game like,
Oh,
they're getting favored here.
They got a call here.
They just fucking going through people like hot knife through butter and
just go back to flurry 12 and three with a one,
six,
eight,
four,
four, the Mark Andre flurry with four shutouts and yeah i agree with you with me i thought that tweet was
a little uh oh you know yeah what if he got pulled four games in a row and they got swept i know it's
not gonna happen but you can't get him i was just biz like he was just like he was like excited for
how good he was but like the tweet didn't make sense. I mean, boys, no matter who they play, they're going to make it a series.
This team isn't going to get over.
So I'm saying is if this thing goes to six
or seven, and even
if he's, let's say
he's a 10 out of 10 now,
if he's an 8 out of 10,
chances are he's going to win
the Conn Smythe.
You tweeted that, Biz?
No, no, no. Somebody did.
Oh, okay, okay.
I was going to say, if you did, I missed it.
But I saw the guy who did earlier.
Yeah.
Well, there's been a bunch of people.
The top line, the Riley Smith, Marcia Soe, Carlson line is one of the best lines I've ever seen.
I don't even understand, like,
how they had this chemistry.
Were they together the entire year, Biz?
Do you know that?
I don't even know if they were.
I mean, most of the top six guys were together all year.
There's been a little bit of shuffling.
But, I mean, it goes back to Gallant just saying, hey,
they're going to make mistakes. that's what happens in this league and and you know i think i think more times that are not my guys
are gonna get the job done and when you have a coach that's giving you that that peace of mind
to go out there and play and i don't want to pick on anyone here but you got to think like
torts was probably had what's his name carlson in a pretzel. Oh, imagine Claude Julien with Riley Smith.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
What the fuck are you doing?
Don't the puck in.
Well, some of these coaches, they're put on a pedestal
because they've won Stanley Cups before.
But it almost, it gives them the mentality where it's like they're almost like
they want to be in control like it's them.
And they're probably just very outdated as far as thinking where you when you get a guy like galant or galant i i apparently
i'm not saying it properly because i've had people tweeting you oh people from nova scotia are all
over me like they they're sending anthrax over they're like just have 37 beers and then you'll
say it perfectly it looks interesting about those three guys as to as they were all in those situation where like the teams, you know, who were getting rhythm like, oh, you could take him in another guy.
Like, did you see that tweet from Chris Johnson?
The Johnson the other day, the Canadian reporter, it said, reminder, the Vegas Golden Knights were given a second round pick to take Marc-Andre Fleury.
Jonathan Marcheseau to take Riley Smith.
Alex Took to take Eric Holler,
given Shea Theodore to take Clayton Stone,
and they were given a first and a second to take Carlson
and David Clarkson's contract.
So not only were these guys, like, picked in the draft,
they were like, here, take them in.
You could get this, too.
So I think it's almost like they even more pissed off.
Yeah, here's the only thing I hate about that argument,
and that's really the only time I'll bash people
when they try to, like,
build this up to bigger than what it is,
is they had to take that Clarkson contract,
and Carlson had, what, six goals last year?
Nobody knew he was going to come out of his shell like this.
The Marchessault one has me scratching my head a little bit
just for the simple fact he had 30 tucks last year.
Yeah, he wasn't even, like, like bad last year that's the craziest one right and and the fact that they listen
i'm not going to say everyone assumed flurry was on on the down slide but murray murray's a young
very good goalie who's already established he's got two stanley cups i know flurry carried some
of the weight last year to get it done.
But ultimately, in that Nashville series, he was the difference maker.
And I'm sure Fleury probably could have kept pace.
And who knows?
Maybe they still won the Cup.
But in that situation, to protect all the guys that they needed to protect
for Pittsburgh to maintain that, and they have Murray at a very good deal.
Yeah, there was no, like, I know, you can't, like, second, I don't know.
The thing about the Fleury one is it was the perfect scenario.
Pittsburgh was like, all right, we have our guy, and Vegas is like,
this is the ultimate person we would probably take in,
a goalie who's just the smiliest motherfucker out there,
his bright white teeth just laughing, and then he's nasty too.
So Vegas was pumped with this,
not even knowing if Fleury would be as good as he'd been in Pittsburgh,
let alone this good.
I mean, how about the saves he made on Shifley?
What game was that?
Game four in Vegas, I think?
Yeah, it was.
He robbed him with the one.
We haven't talked since then, I don't think.
No, the back-to-back is the first one, and then the Superman dive with the one. We haven't talked since then. I don't think. No, he, the back to back is he all first one.
And then the Superman dive across the crease.
That was incredible.
It's now,
those were the two besties made all playoffs.
And there's his top 10.
This playoffs would be good enough for most people's career.
It'd be like Don Cherry's Curtis best.
I think it was,
it was his name,
Alan best.
I'm that guy.
Don Cherry used to love.
Was that his name?
Alan best.
That has to be our.A.'s era.
Remember?
Alan.
Was he a goalie?
I don't know.
I remember watching Don Cherry rock him, sock him hockey.
And whether it was Alan or Chad or Rick, I don't know.
He's like, Alan Best.
Holy shit.
But he wasn't swearing.
Or any other name in the fucking English language.
I bet you when Don Cherry did the rock him, sock him, he swore.
And then they just covered it up.
They just bleeped it out.
Boys, I still think it's insane
that they've only lost three games.
But to get to the Stanley Cup
finals when you're having a goalie
who's on a heater like that, and as
you mentioned, Whit, the stars align
for them as far as having that backbone
to their team. Now,
let's move on to the D because everyone
keeps complaining about all these draft
rules there's like one maybe two defensemen uh involved in that where i'm like they were in a
tough situation and they got lucky one probably the biggest one is the shea theodore one and
but now saying that anaheim wanted to protect Montour and Manson, which, hey, I'm okay with that.
Those are two guys.
We still don't know who won this trade yet.
I know Sheador's
Sheador.
Can I say Sheador?
Isn't he one of the chipmunks?
Paul Annette.
Shut up.
But do you get what I'm saying?
Like England, everybody was okay with it.
They were like, yeah, take him.
Spiza came from Vancouver, did he not?
Yeah.
So it's not like he was coming from a high-end team.
He's a solid D-man, but what was he, a three or four there?
You have McNabb.
That's another one which is a good one good stay at home defenseman
but LA is stacked on the back end
so they caught him
and then Schmidt is kind of the other one
Schmidt's the one
but who's the other guy who didn't like Colin Miller
wasn't it Claude Julien
yeah Miller's
Miller's one where I wonder
I feel like Bruins fans don't talk about it
enough that he was I mean mean, they let him go.
He never looked this good in Boston.
But Schmidt was sick.
I remember last year watching him.
I'm like, this guy's a player.
But I think it kind of came down to Orlov.
And then they re-signed him to that big deal.
Who Orlov also is a stud.
He's probably better than Schmidt.
But Nate Schmidt right now, he's their best defenseman, I think.
Well, Schmidt and
Theodore were the two guys
where they benefited from it,
but, boys, this back
end, I mean, in the Western Conference,
it's probably middle of the pack.
Are we talking about
the people in the upset
about how... Are we
transferring over to that?
We've transitioned.
Obviously, we know why they got flurried.
It was the stars aligned, and yes, they benefited from that situation.
As far as the back end, coming into this season,
I bet you people had them as maybe the 10th best back end
of the Western Conference.
Would you agree?
Absolutely. Yeah, like every part of the team Conference. Would you agree? Absolutely.
Yeah.
No, like, like, like every part of the team, except for the goalie, no one really had any
expectations.
Just go back to Colin Miller.
Like he's a guy, you know, he had opportunities to win a job here.
And I think he, once you get in clothes, doghouse in your young player, it's tough to play out
of it.
It would have been interesting to see if, you know, Cassidy took the job sooner, if
he would have liked to have Miller around.
Cause he seems like he might've been able to coach him up a little bit better.
That's a great point, R.A., and that's when I got black to the Julian thing.
By then, was Miller already fucked?
I mean, yeah, but even watching in Vegas, he's a power play guy, I would say.
He's unreal. He has an absolute canon.
I haven't noticed him playing bad hockey by any means 5-on-5,
but, I mean, like, the Bruins have a pretty good D.
I mean, I guess the whole McQuaid and Kevin Miller thing,
but at that point, they'd already kind of made up their mind.
It's just  there's so many players that we're talking about
that are guys who the other teams just, like, didn't believe in.
I mean, you've seen it.
There's good players go places.
And then they're just someone there isn't a fan of them, whether it's the coach or the
GM or both.
And then you go somewhere else and he rips it up.
So they just had to they had this happen with like 15 guys.
I mean, nobody else could see that coming.
It may not happen next year.
But the fact that it's all happened this year makes it that special of a story.
Can you imagine the finals games out there, the it's going to be absolutely insane insane also i believe
since our last show didn't we have we addressed uh whitney making the pre-game show that we have
to bring that up if we're talking about oh my god all right yeah well in case you missed it uh
whitney's prediction from i I believe, the NHL network
at the beginning of the season said they're going to get crushed,
they're going to be a doormat,
and they play Witt's audio throughout the stadium in the pregame,
and it had his quotes in six-foot-high letters on the ice.
And hey, credit to you.
You took it like a champ.
You self-reported to all takes exposed.
But that had to be hilarious, too, to see that.
Your shit for a pregame show in another arena.
Yeah, listen.
I got a tweet.
Hey, check it out, you mush.
And it was like a YouTube.
Some kid in the corner.
It looked like a setup camera.
I was like, what am I watching right now?
Vegas pregame show.
Show me the TV one, not from the corner of the arena up in the nosebleeds.
And then at 28 seconds, I was like,
is that me? Because I never
listened. I've never listened to one of these podcasts
because I hate my voice so much.
I can never ever can hear my voice
without puking. And
when I heard that, I was like, that's
me? Oh my God. Not only did it sound
bad, I was
calling them the biggest bunch of bums
in the league. i said they were i
basically called them scumbags and the other guys that like spoke before i think nick kiprios was
the first voice all he was saying was like he wasn't sure if it was correct if vegas should
have a team in the desert kind of thing i just came right out and called them doormats to the
league said they were going to get pounded i think or crushed i crushed. I don't know. But it's just, I mean, it's been a long year of me looking like a complete moron.
Hey, so I don't want to stroke my own cock here, but before the season started,
after that draft, I'm going to stroke my own cock now.
I thought they were going to be a solid team.
I thought they were going to be on the cusp of playoffs.
Do you have that in writing?
We talked about it on our radio show. i work for an nhl team is that good
uh but but we we played them in vegas and i said anytime you have a solid back end and good
goaltending you're always going to have a chance to win you're going to finish at least 500
oh you guys actually played them opening night after the shooting right? Yeah, I pounded them that night. Oh my
and they pounded you. If I
could have bet on any game in my entire
life and I obviously
can't say this word to you.
That was like
but they scored four goals
in the first 10 minutes. I was
so mad. They haven't stopped since.
That was the last time I bet on them. I went
one in 40.
Yeah, it was impressive too with all the puck line covers at home.
You actually did call that part, which you said that opposing teams are going to struggle because it's Vegas.
And it happened.
I mean, you've got to think that contributed to some teams having so many shit games in that arena.
Because you can't stay in your room in that place.
No.
See, that's the thing
that's the misconception where everyone thinks that these guys are going out and boozing before
the game they're not it has a lot to do with home ice and the crowd you don't think any guys had a
time the night before games there but not as many as you think because because most of them are
staying on the back end of it and oh i thought teams were getting out of there after yeah if
you're staying at the back end but if you're i mean if you're there like the night before and you go to dinner and all of a sudden
it just turns into it had to have happened well wit hear me out so most of the teams in their
division they're going in night before well they're not gonna they're not going out the night before
and then we fly out after the game the next night so it's just like guys aren't going after it for
a one game trip and like la is going over for similar situations.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But I think some teams that got in there, like,
maybe a couple days early or something.
More so than Toronto or Vancouver or NYC.
Fuck them.
Oh, Dallas.
Don't even not mention Dallas.
It's a sneaky gem.
Hey, here's the thing.
That's another division opponent for the
coyotes and when i played here i've never been out in dallas once really yes man i've heard nothing
your style city dude and and not to all are in the national from from talking about the arena and
and the the visiting there is let's talk about their forwards, which I think are ultimately the catalyst of this team.
But they have a full team of fifth, sixth forwards.
And some of them which have completely elevated their games
to new heights this season, which nobody saw coming.
Like Minnesota, they didn't know what that tuck was.
Yeah, he's crazy because how did you not see this?
Same with Carlson.
But I watched Tuck in Minnesota.
I was like, I don't even know if this guy's going to be like a full-time NHLer.
And look what other guys that they protected, legit guys.
That was the only option was to give him.
And it just so happens this guy's one of the best depth players in the
league this year he's big he's fast he can move uh another guy perron he's been a he's been uh
traded how many times moved how many times could never find the right fit st louis they play a
little too heavy and structured all of a sudden he gets the dream coach that he needed for his skill set.
I mean, R.A., I'll pass it over to you.
The list goes on and on.
Quickly, quickly.
I have a funny Perron story.
I heard from somebody that, like, so I don't know what game it was,
but they were on the road in Winnipeg, and he said he had the flu, right,
and he didn't play. Grinnelli, do you know what game it was?
I guess Gallant was like,
alright, you can just head home.
So they sent, like, if you're sick,
just go home. So they sent him home on a
commercial flight. All the flights got so delayed,
the team ended up getting home before
him on the private jet.
That's unbelievable.
Yeah.
Dude, this last series in Winnipeg, one of the games, he's like, I have the flu, I can't play. Gallant's like- Dude, this last series
in Winnipeg, one of the games
he's like, I have the flu, I can't play Golan.
It's like, alright, go home. And then they ended up getting
home after the game before he
was home on the pigeon commercial flights.
That's ridiculous.
No filet mignon on those
flights either.
I'll go back to the forwards.
I mean, they got such a great player in James Neal.
I mean, he's another guy who's been on a handful of teams, but he's so good out there.
He could pass.
He could shoot.
By the way, that picture of him when he got he got knocked into a hellebuck.
It wasn't his fault.
I mean, not that James Neal is incapable of accidentally, in quotes, crashing into a goalie.
But when he hit a look on his face when Dustin Bufflin grabbed him
by the collar when he was in the crease, he shit his pants.
I don't know if you saw the picture on Barstool.
And you could hear him actually say, sorry, sorry,
because he shit his pants.
And Buff actually realized, you know, he was lucky Buff saw the play
because he just yanked him out of there.
But I don't think I've ever seen a guy like that fearful
of another player quite like that.
Yeah, I mean, moving away from that into talking about
his play that's one ford that i wasn't really surprised to see nashville let go because they
have so many younger guys and i don't know if they knew if he was going to resign there i don't know
if they thought his contract was too high based on the talented forwards they had below him who
they could pay a little less and And he was just the guy.
But it's other names that stand out.
It's the Smith.
It's the Hall.
How about the Carpenter, Ryan Carpenter?
I'm like.
I played against him in the minors.
So he's up and down in the minors, college guy, bowling state.
San Jose this year, 16 games, one assist.
Goes to Vegas, 36 games, games nine goals he's got five assists
in the playoffs hasn't scored but like looks really good fast can hits like they just basically
have a team they have such good team speed that they just they're a bunch of puck hounds dude
just driving you nuts never giving you any time and. And that's just one of the examples of guys like,
why couldn't San Jose see what this guy had?
It's just a number of people like that.
And it's mind-boggling.
At this point, like, do I keep saying I'm picking against them and I'll finally be right or they'll win the cup?
Do I have to keep  I think I've got to keep picking against them.
Ari, what do you think the biggest issue for Winnipeg was that round?
The seven-game series versus Nashville.
I think that ultimately that probably sapped them of some of the strength
they might have had otherwise.
I mean, because they're so talented.
They're so good.
It just  you know, I have to think that took something out of them.
Also, I mean, we can't praise Marc-Andre Fleury enough,
but he clearly outplayed Hellebuck.
Hellebuck was very good, but he didn't match the guy down the other end.
That wasn't the difference in the series.
I mean, they beat him 4-1.
They just dummied them, man.
They were a buzzsaw.
It was incredible to watch.
Gallant actually said that.
He said that he thought the reason why they made such quick
work of them was because of how much that nashville had taken out of them galon's like no we're just
dummy and everyone i'll make it you know you know how everybody plays up this nice guy shtick now
as the coach like very complimentary like oh it wasn't you know we were okay but you know i think
that that series took so much out of him. John Cooper does it excellent as well.
One other note, too, Biz.
The fourth line, they actually contributed pretty big for Vegas this series.
Obviously, Reeves got the series winner, but what's his name?
Pierre Bellamere, he got a big goal, too.
Those guys, they chipped in.
They do what fourth-line guys do, and they actually made a difference in a couple big plays this year.
Well, some fourth-line oh oh snap hey can i bring up well i was just gonna finish
off what he said the one one of the other reasons and and you i guess you can credit the resiliency
of vegas but it was more so winnipeg giving up those goals right after they'd eaten. The whole series.
The whole fucking series.
It was crazy.
And that fucking killed them.
Every time they got some bit of momentum, gone within a minute.
I mean, I was a Winnipeg fan because of the action I had on them,
but I know how they felt.
Every time they scored, they gave up a goal.
The next shift, it wasn't even like four minutes later,
it was like within the puck drop, puck drops, 40 seconds later,
hands up in the air, Vegas, Winnipeg fans, are you shitting me again?
Can I chime in with a stat?
This season, this season, the first half, the Coyotes had given up like 15 goals
within two minutes after scoring goal.
Oh, my God.
15 times.
It was like eight in the first 10 games.
Hey, because the young guys are so fired up.
They're like, yes, goal.
And then they're just like the point night.
Tie game.
That's how tough it was on the Yotes in the first half.
But then we were one of the best teams in the second half.
Not a big deal.
All right.
How do you feel?
What a particular.
We were talking about the goals after, like, giving up.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That can't happen, man.
It's like you've got to stay focused, especially this time of year.
And, again, I think Hellebuck, there were a couple times he probably needed a save there.
He had to come up with a save, and he didn't.
Again, that goes back to the difference in goaltending.
But that's just  you guys can probably attest to that more than me.
Do you really relax that much more because you get a goal,
or is it more the other team responding?
You know where you actually relax easily is on a lease a mattress.
One mattress is donated for every 10 sold sold and one tree is planted for every
order received.
What type of tree?
All right.
I don't know.
There's 11,000 five-star reviews.
Similar to business kill number.
Lisa mattress is loved by 300,000 happy sleepers and counting socially
conscious with a mission to end bedlessness in America.
That's right, bedlessness is the worst thing in the world.
After some research, we learned that men and women
think about sleep differently.
Men use words like recharge and optimize.
They want it to be efficient and effective,
while women use words like relax and recover.
It's more of a place to decompress after a long day.
What we can all agree on is that we do more in the bedroom
and on our mattresses than sleep.
You know what I'm saying.
We relax and we recover with a book.
Television or tea.
Or get it going on.
We constantly think of our bedroom space.
As personal sanctuary.
This idea of a deeper rest.
Speaks to the personal contribution.
To Lisa's social mission.
And the personalization of rest.
It's more than sleep.
Lisa mattress.
That's how you read and add it to a podcast.
Wow, that was impressive.
Oh, how about this one?
Grinnelli had to cut me off the other night for my read
and say, Biz, fuck off.
He goes, when they're longer than a minute,
we lose everybody.
It kills the momentum.
He had to put me on the bench and R.A. had to read my read.
was the momentum he had to put me on the bench and r.a had to read my read hey how about that how about that um gif of of when we when you read that word right on pardon my take oh yeah i was
solid that was solid i think i went to give you a pound though and nobody saw it so it's kind of
embarrassing speaking of pardon my take we haven't even talked about our adventures in Manhattan last week. Yeah, we're back to our
But we smoked that week.
We ended up, what, first on the podcast, iTunes?
Let's see.
Cool Throne.
Hey, you crushed KFC and bubble hockey.
Jesus.
Oh, and all right, dude.
You look like you jumped in a pool.
He did.
Yeah, I definitely was working up a lot of that.
I went to the sink in the bathroom.
Now, we know I'm not exactly Conan the Barbarian, but in my defense,
that was probably the longest bubble hockey game in history.
Obviously, it had to be edited for the content, but that was probably, what,
a 20, 25-minute game.
It was in, like, six overtimes.
We only scored one goal.
I scored the only goal. We went to like four overtimes in bubble hockey I know with no goals for a goal
in bubble hockey no no I did score but it didn't go down the hole it went in the net and it popped
back out and I had all the loose guys on my let me hear me out I had a little loose guys on my side
and then I went over the next game to play KFC on the good side.
I beat them 7-0 in bubble hockey.
Have you ever seen a score like that?
Absolutely.
It's like when you play like an infant in air hockey.
Hey, how about that girl that, like, tipped over my tip at that place biz?
What do you mean?
That was insane.
Dude, that was the most peasant move by that girl.
You were rattled.
All right, we were there.
What happened?
What was this?
I don't think I was out for you guys that night.
It was before we recorded or something.
I don't remember.
I know the bar name.
Yeah, don't even say it.
So we get there, and this guy's like a bartender.
He's like, what's up?
And then he gets us three drinks, and then this friend of biz shows up, and she's like, there and this guy's like a bartender's like what's up and then like he gets us three drinks and then this friend of biz shows up and she's like oh this is my like
this guy's my buddy the bartender uh drinks are all set just tip him i'm like oh no problem throw
a 20 down like i don't know he gave us three peronis throw a 20 down and i see her and she's
like reaching in her wallet i'm like is that like not enough she's like no you
gotta tip more i'm like 20 bucks i'm like the guy gave us three drinks and you're tipping your dog
if you tip on somebody's tip you might as well just fucking slap them in the face
yeah or take a dump on your chest she did
it was a little excessive i I think we left like 30. I mean, you gave us three Peronis.
Hey, we could have saved money by paying for the beers and leaving a 20 tip.
As I said, we're spending more giving you your tip because your Muppet girlfriend is trying to get you more money.
Oh, it was called  what was it called?
Rose?
Something Rose?
Rose Bar.
No free ads.
Rose Bar.
It was very classy. Dude, that was the night I left. And then I saw your tweet. No free. Rose bar. It was very classy.
That was the night I left.
And then I saw your tweet.
I never saw you again.
You were like,
that was that time.
I was like,
Oh my God,
wait,
stay hot.
You left us at town too.
I left at town four in the morning,
bro.
What do you mean?
I had to go back to New Jersey.
We had some fun once you left though.
Yeah.
I saw you dance on the couch.
You looked like a spider.
Anything moving forward about Vegas other than the fact that they're sitting at home resting again,
and they're just going to be sucking back all the casino oxygen,
and they're going to be just ready to maul.
And they're probably licking their chops at the fact that the next series is going seven.
mall and they're probably licking their chops with the fact that the next series is going seven well so can we say quickly like for this argument out there of people that are like there's actually
people pissed off that vegas is this good you know what i'm saying have you guys seen
oh yeah people like this is a joke like the league gave them him this. Shut up. Shut up. You're a bunch of fun Nazis.
What are you talking about?
The league gave it to him.
The league set the rule.
The rule is a little different where you could take more players.
Teams couldn't protect as many players.
Well, all right, dude.
When they had the team, the team pick, nobody still said they were going to be good.
Everyone said this team is still going to stink when you saw the players they got.
And if you paid 500 sheets for a team,
you'd probably want to have a decent pool to pick from 500 million.
You're going to make them pick scraps.
So they gave them a decent group of players to choose from.
They chose a team.
Not one person said they were going to be good besides biz apparently.
And then they ran fucking train on the entire league.
So shut up everyone.
Who's like,
this is,
this is a joke.
This team is embarrassing for the league.
Yeah.
I,
I've been tweeting about this the last couple of days.
I saw this kind of development a few weeks ago with,
you know,
is,
is,
uh,
I think it was,
and I like puck that with Greg was Shinsuke.
He's a great guy,
but he wrote a thing.
Will this be good for the NHL?
You know,
and he,
he could be a little trollish sometimes just for clicks or whatever,
which is fine.
And then I kind of started seeing it more and more like this pendulum at the
beginning of the year from, you know, what happened after that tragedy.
They like this said,
they rolled that first game and they just never stopped.
And then all of a sudden it comes all the way this way where is resentment
about it.
And all these fucking cry baby fans who didn't say boo all year.
Now they're crying about the draft rules and it's rigged at Bettman.
Listen, they've won fucking 12 out of 15 games.
They haven't won a game on a call.
There's been nothing controversial.
They've just done it on skill and heart and fucking hustle.
I even saw a couple of media guys.
One in Toronto, one in Vancouver.
I don't know who they were.
Someone pointed me out their tweet.
And it was, I read it.
I clicked on the bio.
I thought the guy was going to have 42 followers and be like a Leafs fan.
And they were media guys like crying about it.
It's like, oh, we've been waiting forever.
It's like, well, you know what?
Fuck you, man.
Life is hard.
And some people get it easier than others sometimes.
One thing that hasn't been blamed enough, fuck RA.
I get checked up.
One thing that hasn't been talked about enough,
and a lot of people seem to be shitting on general managers.
But once again, some of the coaches have decisions in this in a sense where
gms hire these coaches and respect their opinion based on on what guys can bring to that lineup
in order to be successful we looked at the carlson situation in columbus well i don't know apparently
he wasn't being put in the right situations because he's shoving it up their ass right now.
We talk about the Miller situation.
Right up their five hole.
And the fact that Julian just didn't like him.
So maybe the GM just didn't see enough of him
where he's like, well, yeah,
there's no sense in keeping this guy around.
You know, I haven't really seen enough about him.
And we like that the other guys that we see
because they've proven themselves.
So I get that the the gms are the
ones who end up protecting guys but if your head coach that you you believe in is saying
yeah but these are my guys like he's not going to play here anyway well fuck you're going to
get rid of them and what's what's another situation for that i mean other than miller
other than uh i mean maybe maybe even Smith too. Yeah.
I just, the fact that like people are trying to say this is like embarrassing.
It's probably one of the coolest sports stories I can remember.
I'm a hockey guy.
But, I mean, what the fuck?
It's unbelievable, dude.
If this team wins the cup, it'll be like a Disney movie or something.
Like it's the perfect story for the league.
And the biggest ultimate thing is everyone keeps saying,
show me a tweet when all this draft stuff was going down.
And nobody complained.
Not one person.
I didn't complain.
What I think happening is great right now.
But you also have to factor in the fact that they haven't had any major injuries
to that lineup other than Fleury went down for a bit
during the course of the season.
The team carried the weight while
he was out. Right now, he's on a
magical run. Everything is
going possibly right for that team.
Nashville and Winnipeg played each other,
beat the fuck out of each other,
and they got a tired team there.
And now Washington
and Tampa are beating the piss out of each other.
And, boys, I'm going to have a hard time picking against Vegas.
Yeah.
I mean, a 500-to-1 shot, you know, granted pre-draft.
Even 250 when they drafted the team.
A 250-to-1 shot, team of castoffs.
I mean, how do you not cheer for that?
How is any of that bad?
And then, you know, again, you kind of have to tie into the beginning of the year.
It's all the tragedy that went on.
That's kind of, I think the team and the city kind of really bonded over that.
So, like, how do you root against, how is that bad in any way?
If you're crying about it, you're just bitching because your own team has it.
You know what I'm pissed off about?
And I was the biggest hater.
But even my wife said this.
I don't have 1 on them.
How the  like I bet a board every night and I couldn't have thrown 100 on Vegas to win the Stanley Cup.
Like what does it matter?
Like I can't believe I didn't just think
Well, because you think it's eventually going to turn and it's going to even itself out, but it hasn't.
Now, we've really covered a lot of sucking off Vegas.
Let's move into this other series that seems to be a lot more interesting.
And we're going to seven, boys.
Okay, let me start off with this series.
Tampa Bay has played like dog shit.
The fact that they're even in this series is insane.
I would probably bet Tampa in the last game figuring they got to show up
for at least one game this round.
Boys, I'm going to throw a fucking stat at you.
Your head's going to explode.
They've gotten over 10 shots in four periods against Washington.
Four.
There's been two games where they haven't had over 10 shots in a period.
They had  in one game they had six, eight, and seven shots throughout three.
And then in another game, they had seven, six, and seven.
I want Washington so badly to win this game.
Vegas, Ovechkin is the ultimate, like, for me.
To have that final matchup will be so cool.
And they deserve to win this series.
Vasilevsky is a freak.
He's a Russian freak on the Russian gas.
Buy your t-shirt, BarstoolSports.com.
Remember we were shitting on him for saying he was tired during the regular season?
Dude, you can say you're tired whenever you want when you play like this.
He was incredible in game six tonight, Monday night, and they still lost 3-0 or whatever it was.
I mean, it's just there's only so much he can do.
I mean, this guy's making 10 bell saves on Ovi, Kuznetsov, Oshie, and finally they're going to break through.
But, Biz, I like your call that down in Tampa you've got to think they play good.
They played good in game three.
Even game four, game five, it's been ugly hockey by Tampa Bay.
It's weird.
They have no, like, mojo.
They played one solid game in this series good enough to win,
and then Vasilevsky stole them too.
What do you think?
Tom Wilson kills people.
He was running around killing people all day.
They were definitely out hitting them.
That game tonight, I think that was probably one of the best games I've seen in the playoffs by any team, any series.
I mean, they were fucking killing each other.
I mean, Brooks Ulpich was burying guys left and right.
Hard hitting, dude.
I mean, the goaltender was off the charts.
I mean, it was a 1-0 game until, I think, eight minutes left.
I just thought the entertainment factor was through the roof, like we were saying last week.
You don't need 8-5 to have a great game.
Game seven, man.
I picked Tampa, I think, in seven
from the get-go. I'm sticking with that.
But it should be a doozy, man.
I mean, Vasilevsky's been standing on his head,
and Washington has to stop taking fucking
penalties. That's why I was busy to go back to your point
about the shots. Tampa's not getting many,
but they're getting the most of their opportunities, and they're cashing in the power play, although they didn't late tonight, but the stats of the series, they've been killing Washington.
So Washington just basically has to play smart, don't take dipshit penalties.
But saying that, that's crazy that you're saying that a majority of their opportunities are coming out of the power play where they need a man advantage to compete with this
team. Washington's, I feel that they know that it's probably their last year and they need to
get over there because this might be a hurrah. Everybody is going. One guy in particular tonight
who was doing everything was TJ Oshie. He's got five power play goals this offseason so far.
He's been doing it all.
Even when he hasn't been scoring, he's been extremely physical
and playing great.
I mean, that sequence to the end of the second period in game six tonight
was he was just  he threw two hits, created a turnover,
had that scoring chance, and almost potted in that loose puck
with, like, I think 15, 20 seconds left.
That was a fucking laser he scored on, too,
put them up 1-0.
I mean, not the Vasilevskiy could do on that.
That's why Washington's power play is so filth
because Bakshin Orkusnetsov stands there,
head up, just absolutely dangling,
and then they're just waiting to throw sauce to Ovi.
So people are panicking, and that top forward's trying to
guard, watch
Ovi, and then the
forward attack, close to the attacking
forward on Washington, he's trying to
pretty much block a pass, and
Oshie just finds that soft spot, and it's
an easy snipe for him. I mean,
a guy that good, you put it in his wheelhouse
in the slot, nothing Vasilevsky can do.
Ovechkin is Ovechkin is Mark Messier-ish right now.
He's dominating in every aspect.
He's crushing people.
Devontae Smith-Pelly, that team is physical.
Washington's just, they play hard.
And Ove's their leader.
You could tell his teammates love him.
And I just think it would be great to have him in
the finals and he deserves it his this playoff has been by far and away his best playoff uh he's a
beast every shift and i mean i i have gotten at least 20 tweets that he's definitely on something
so is the rushing grass stateside maybe maybe him and vasilevsky have the same trainer from like
where teddy lived in chernobyl wit in8, if he doesn't win this year,
there's a potential that this guy's the Dan Marino of hockey,
and they don't want that.
Every guy's pulling for him.
Devontae Smith-Pelly, four tucks now.
Everybody's carrying the weight.
You can tell that team has so much camaraderie,
and that's why I feel like they deserve to play against Vegas.
That's going to be two teams who are really playing together and they're fun to watch the only guy who's
struggled a bit RA this round and we were crazy about him in the first two rounds was
hope he's been a bit shaky well he was phenomenal tonight well last night I mean yes I think I mean
I think that was maybe again one of the better games to watch but
probably Washington's best game and they those guys were just selling out everything man they
they just looked a little bit hungry in Tampa Bay and yeah I mean hope he's been outstanding man I
don't think he's really been an issue well in the first five games and that's what I was going to
get to was the fact that he had the shutout tonight it finally gives him a little bit of
confidence because he hasn't had many shots to face but it seems like he's letting in enough was the fact that he had the shutout tonight and finally gives him a little bit of confidence
because he hasn't had many shots to face,
but it seems like he's letting in enough goals.
Let's put it this way.
His save percentage and goals against are both...
Well, his save percentage has gone down
and his goals against has gone up a little bit
just based on the fact that Tampa's been opportunistic
on the chances that they have had.
And for a guy where when you're not getting your shots
and your save percentage drops,
going against a guy who's stealing his team games,
you get a little bit self-conscious about it.
You don't want to be the guy, the reason,
well, oh, their goalie outplayed our goalie.
Well, the fact that I said is he gets a shutout tonight.
Now he gets to go to Tampa with that extra bit of confidence
knowing, hey, I got it done last game.
I'm basically on a clean slate.
Let's fucking go.
How bad do you think Stevie Eisenman just wants to be playing in Game 7?
He's the GM of Tampa, and he's watching.
Just an old legend who used to crush Game 7s.
It's probably hell on him to watch as opposed to just getting out there
and playing.
But I still think he's done a great job with this team.
And part of the reason is because he was like Vasilevsky's ready.
Ben Bishop moved on.
So you got to give him credit.
He went out and got JT Miller and McDonough when there wasn't a ton out
there to get at the deadline.
So both these teams are deserving to move on.
It's just,
this is when home ice matters so much,
but home ice in this series really hasn't until,
you know,
tonight or Monday night game six. So I'm, I'm excited to see game seven hasn't until, you know, tonight or Monday night, game six.
So I'm excited to see game seven.
You know, it's always the thrill of I just want overtime,
just like I want overtime in game seven of the cup finals for the first time
ever.
Please give me that.
But I'm on Washington still.
I picked them before.
They're the better team.
They've been the better team all series.
I need them to win that game.
Wicks, I'm not sure what the Russian gas situation will be in tampa for game seven these guys are going to
need a little bit of extra energy so uh what do you suggest they do speaking to energy eagle energy
started as a great idea take all the benefits of an energy drink and remove the negatives to create
an innovative product that delivers caffeine faster without any calories or sugar.
What is it, you ask?
Eagle Energy is a caffeine inhaler made of all-natural plant-based ingredients,
providing the user with a natural energy boost via inhalation.
What's in it, you ask?
Guarana, ginseng, and taurine.
The guarano fruit packs twice the concentration of caffeine than
a coffee bean enhances energy levels mood and reaction time tell me more eagle energy contains
approximately 400 inhalations it can last a day or a week, you're in control. The suggested serving size to provide a fast-acting energy boost is 25 consecutive inhalations.
When you inhale caffeine, it is metabolized rapidly.
Who wants to wait 30 minutes?
With zero sugar and zero nicotine, difficult to find a healthier way of getting your energy boost. Eagle Energy is perfect for someone who is always on the go,
whether you're studying or on a long trip or fucking roasting this read right now.
Eagle Energy is always within reach.
Promo code biz20.
And on top of me killing that ad, we've now added a little contest.
Everyone who purchases with the promo code biz20 to save 20 off,
you're going to be put in a raffle to win free merchandise.
So fucking kiss my ass if you've tweeted me in the last week about my reads
because I just shoved it up your fucking bin.
Well, I think it's pretty ironic that Eagle Energy has these organic ads
because then the ad they pay for then makes people need one after
listening to you for that long so it like all indirectly works together and and they save 20
and they can win free merch and yes great point win
what else is up boys biz did you set up your Raya account yet?
Not yet.
Got to wait for the right time.
I can't wait to hear your song that you pick.
We did get some hockey news.
Lou Lamorello going to Long Island.
I'd say that's pretty significant.
And he's already signing guys.
Yeah.
He's already just like, hey, get the clear tape off your socks, okay?
You got to match the color of the socks with the tape.
He's like, no booze on the theme flight.
We're staying at a hotel when we're in the island before the playoff games.
You got to leave your family at home, and you got to come stay at the hotel near the
rink.
Okay, here's a Lou Lamarillo story, and I don't know if you can vouch for this one.
This is a secondhand story, so I don't know if it's entirely true or if true at all.
So Lou Lamarillo, when he was the GM in New Jersey,
he used to have the guy, the call-ups,
stay at the hotel across the street from the rink.
And when they would have practice there,
he would go over and get a room key from the managers
and go in their room and see what kind of shit they were up to, they had like booze in there whether they had you know i don't know if they
were smoking doobies at the time it was like he finds like a six foot bong he's like
oh shit that guy another thing another thing that lou lamarillo used to do and this was genius
is he would give the person at the hotel a goalie stick
and he oh this is Scotty Bowman this was Scotty Bowman dude oh okay so then then Lou ripped it
off then I think like I think like many people have done that and or it's a wives tale and nobody
ever did it but either way I love it well here's the thing I've heard from someone from New Jersey, secondhand story, that they would give the person at nighttime shift a goalie stick,
and when the players would come in past curfew, he'd be like,
hey, do you mind if you sign this?
And, of course, hockey guys would be like, yeah, man, like any time.
And every guy who signed it was obviously in past curfew.
That's actually classic.
Doesn't he not like facial hair on his players is that like still yeah
yeah yeah remember he made he made mechanics shave that terrible goatee oh that was a good thing
here's uh here's another thing so you know the truck guys who drive all the gear to the rink and
and go pick it up at like four in the morning when teams are landing he doesn't allow he doesn't
allow them to take tips from the other team, and that's like standard. Every driver gets a 500 tip because he has to get up at 3 in the morning.
Now, I've also heard that he takes care of his people so they don't compensate enough where it would have added up to those tips.
But still, that's cash money.
When the Devils played the Rangers, I don't know if it was every game.
It was definitely the first game of the year.
And money on the board.
People know.
I think we've talked about it.
You play an old team.
You put money on the board.
You play in your hometown.
Money on the board.
All goes to the team fund for parties.
He would put 10,000 on the board for first, or maybe every,
but I know the first Devils-Rangers game.
He just wanted it.
He hated the Rangers so much.
Yeah, he's definitely a legend of the game, though.
He's still going, man.
Most guys at his age, they want to hang it up.
But, I mean, he spent, what, five years in Toronto?
I want to hang it up.
Oh, other hockey news.
My man Dave Quinn, BU coach, took the New York Rangers job.
I talked to him quickly.
He just said he was so excited, very sad to leave BU.
The Rangers, I think they just kept throwing more money at him,
more money at him, more money.
At some point, you're getting 13 million to coach an NHL team.
It's life-changing.
So I think the Rangers found a great one.
He's now the best-looking head coach in the NHL.
He's a complete man rocket.
Yeah.
How about Grinelli getting a little scoop on Twitter.
Grinnelli, fellas.
I had to bring something up about that, Grinnelli.
Oh, I got to hear it first, Biz.
Hold on.
What is it?
Grinnelli's rolling his eyes.
Go ahead, Grinnelli.
I don't know.
I just tweeted out that I heard that Minnesota Wild hired Paul Fenton as their GM, and I
was the first one to do it.
You were the first one to break that.
Yeah.
How'd you hear it? You got a source.
No,
some kids just DM to me and he,
he sent me texts and he's like,
Oh yeah,
my,
my,
uh,
my buddy is roommates with,
uh,
his like cousin and he was sending me text messages.
So I'm like,
fuck it.
I don't care.
I'm going to tweet it out.
Yeah.
I'm not a fucking newsbreaker.
So I tweeted it out and I was right.
Well, here's the thing.
Apparently that kid was messaging a lot of reporters.
Well, maybe they should have answered him.
Because I answered and I got it right.
Okay.
No one else believed him.
Yeah.
Hey, here's the thing.
Is it a bad thing as a journal to be like online being like hey you should have
credited me is that kind of is that weird is that or is that that's just like that's bullshit on
their part if you're ball busting i think it's one thing but if you're actually seriously like
oh you should credit me then yeah it's kind of that's kind of lame but if you're just ball
busting it's one thing on scale of one to ten how rattled were you that he didn't credit you oh my god one oh okay i could care less it came off online as like hey yo like give me my fucking
credit i'm a hardcore journal who did it sorry uh the dude russo from minnesota no i didn't
because he reported it and then i'm like yeah credit spit and chiclets because we had that first
and but no i don't give a shit and i couldn't care
less granella he made it seem like that kid reached out to him too and he's like yeah dude you weren't
the only guy that he reached out to yeah and that's the thing and that's what i said back to
him and i said hey well maybe you should have answered him because the kid actually knew when
he sent me text messages so i rolled with it yeah biz you know the game it's about being first no and what do i have to lose and what do i have to lose no i know but remember
how i was absolutely nothing guys i was ripping on it a few like three four podcasts ago about
how these how the there's like the it's very catty in the media world where if i reported
something and i didn't credit get credit for it i wouldn't care like the apparently the one of the late night shows
ripped off that marshall dj collie joke of mine and i didn't care i was like whatever it's like
just well just really but it's just like oh whatever it's fucking comedy and they're in
a slight chance that maybe they got it from somewhere else but But just from the big J perspective, it is sort of
I don't know if courtesy is the right word or professional, but if you're getting
a scoop from somebody else, you are supposed to say, I first reported
or first reported by this person. Now on Twitter, it's
different because rumors get out and you could write like the other day. I come home from New York
and within 10 minutes,
I had two texts with DMs about David Quinn going to the Rangers.
But I just said, I'm hearing, you know, me and Chief heard the same thing,
but I didn't like write a blog and say breaking news and like actually report it.
So nowadays the internet's really changed the game.
But as far as the professional journalists, yeah, they want people to say,
you know, if you're taking a story we did, just like, for example,
Boston with Johnny Manziel the other other day some outlet street said oh johnny manziel going to uh canadian
football league and they didn't credit boston sports which is kind of a joke because it was
they did that for a reason yeah hey and here's another thing i we haven't even gone there yet
people fucking hate barstool every everyone who's not associated with Barstool.
It's the biggest bunch of pussies in the world hate Barstool.
They have no reason to.
But the fact that my doc was on Barstool, I know there's people that didn't retweet it or even say anything about it because they hate Barstool.
And that's why I love being a part of it because fuck those losers.
They're so sensitive.
And the craziest part about Barstool is everyone's so
like offended by them and this and that i would say most of the people at barstool are liberals
they're they're nice i don't even think they ever i mean they don't really ever talk about it but
the people they go back to like old stories or like examples that are complete bullshit or like
it's just people are so soft. But it's good, dude.
That's the reason Barstool is growing and growing and getting bigger
because the vast majority are people that fucking love it
and don't want to be told what they can and can't read
or should and should enjoy.
So Barstool thrives on that.
Exactly, and that's why it's great to be a part of.
Just going back to Game 7 tomorrow night, guys,
if you're going to be looking to bet the game,
I would suggest going to oddsshock.com,
oddsshock.com for your source for the latest odds in every sport.
It's all data-driven editorial content and free match-up picks
straight from the supercomputer and expert writing staff.
You're looking for betting trends on an upcoming game like Game 7.
You want to compare odds and spreads from multiple sportsbooks all in one place.
OddsShock has that too, and it's all free.
OddsShock.com is your one-stop shop for betting analysis packed with stats
you won't find anywhere else that will help you make sharp picks on game day.
Before the next game, head over to OddsShock.com.
That's O-D-D-S-S-H-A-R-K.com.
The pound-for-pound king of sports betting news so check that out if you're going to bet the game and yeah going back to bostle it's great to be a
part of it and yeah even like that article about pft commenter in the washington post today it was
like local boy does well and even that story like you know the author was like well some people say
bostle's misogynist it's like well just fucking call it that like don't try to say other people like they they can't write an article
without throwing these old fucking you know stereotypes or whatever about it because we
were there last week man it's a great place great people there like tons of females who work there
they let joy work on there the whole misogyny thing is just trumped up bullshit and we love
doing i don't know if we've mentioned the fact too that I think a lot of these
journalists resent the fact that these guys get to go into work,
have a good time and say whatever the fuck they want without being offensive.
Once in a while they cross the line, whether it's like borderline sexist.
People were pissed off about the weightlifting,
the bigger guy flexing in the mirror where they saw like it.
What they do is they try to
spin it like oh they're making fun of the fact that he's fat it's like no if there was a jack
guy flexing in the mirror at the gym and taking a selfie i'd be making fun of that too and they
didn't say anything about his weight so just everyone just loves to be the the knight in
shining armor on twitter now and it grosses me the fuck out. I don't, I mean, I don't, you, you could be shredded or you could be 400 pounds.
If you're taking selfies of yourself,
flexing in the gym,
you're an idiot.
And I'll take pictures of you.
I would try to,
at least I try to get public pictures of people being idiots all the time.
Someday am I going to get my head punched in when somebody catches me.
But the people that got mad at that are just looking to complain about
something that isn't even an issue.
They look to find anything.
The next day, Barstool then posted a video of some guy that was jacked in the gym and nobody said a word about it.
It's just people picking shoes.
Exactly.
And a lot of people have a reputation that people know about and that they've never actually experienced.
So it's just easy to take a shot.
But whatever.
It's great.
We love it.
So.
All right.
Well, before we wrap it up, guys, we never even mentioned to all the listeners out there.
We signed a new contracts, one year extension.
We're in another contract year.
It's the usual.
Yeah.
We're going to be the podcast that's in a contract year every year.
They're going to be like, that's the podcast you give a four-year deal to.
They'll go Whitney on you and just disappear.
Or a six-year deal.
God, that's what I got.
Yeah, I only got two-year deals.
That's all I got.
They were like, eh, let's give you one extra.
That's it.
We don't trust you more than that.
They're like, man, that 15th fight, we decided to give you that extra year.
But don't go ahead thinking ahead because we'll stick you in the minors that second year.
No problem.
Yeah, don't try to turn into a skill guy on us, Biz, you fucking plug.
Grinnelli, was that the first time you ever signed a contract, like people taking pictures of you?
Yeah, that was the coolest thing because it said talent agreement at the top.
And I've never been a talent of any sort hey i bet you he was flaunting that at the bar his bar in boston when he got back
probably getting his ween sucked on in the kitchen no i made t-shirts i made t-shirts i took a picture
of me signing it and then i made t-shirts and i'm gonna wear them to fagawi this upcoming weekend
and boys we gotta let everybody know about the fact that, you know, we've been really busy with trying to push out the good content via the fans listening.
But we're going to be dropping some awesome merchandise starting next season and just very basic stuff.
We think the Spittin' Chicklets logo that R.A. came up with, just the simplicity of it looks good on T-shirts.
Maybe give us your guys' feedback, some of the things that you guys would want.
I think that team colors is a no-brainer, but just give it maybe hoodies,
hats, and toques, and anything else, just let us know.
Is that how you say it, toque?
I always thought it was toque.
No, dude, that's because you're always toking J's like a boner.
Oh, what? Yeah, fire. no dude that's because you're always toking jays like a burnout uh what yeah fire guys um
dude i bought this new toilet for my for our new house bro bro this toilet your ass cheeks
dude dude it was like 4 000 bucks it's got it's got well's got  you put the water on the temperature you want.
The water goes right in your five-hole.
It goes right up front for the wife's second five-hole.
It then has a dryer.
It has a heater.
The seat is heated.
You can change the massage level.
There's a massage brush that comes in
up and down your hoop this thing dude i am sprinting i'm driving home from the golf course
95 miles an hour because i didn't want to use a dumper up on my new king throne it's the best
thing i've ever bought in my life i'll never be able to smash anywhere else again the best thing I've ever bought in my life. I'll never be able to smash anywhere else again.
The best thing is the heated seat.
Nothing like  hey, this is kind of gross. The seat raises when it sees you coming.
So you never have to put your fingers on it.
This is kind of gross, but similar experience without having to spend the money is waiting until someone's finished their shit and then jumping on right after them because then the seat's warm.
So if you don't want to spend the money, just maybe take my advice and do that.
You get to an airport and you're like, oh, yeah, somebody was just right here smashing.
Yeah, there's warm piss all over it.
You're like, ah, whatever.
Keith Yandel's nephew, Brian Yandel's son, he was like six years old.
They lived next door to my parents.
He went over and took a shit in my parents' bathroom.
And he's like, Sue!
Sue!
That's my mom's name.
I think I said this before.
The toilet's clogged!
She goes down there.
He had used all the toilet paper and he wasn't done.
So he grabbed the hand towels, wiped his hoop with that, and then shoved them down the toilet paper and he wasn't done so he grabbed the hand towels wiped his hoop with that and then shoved him down the toilet the plumber had to come and like pull out like seven different hand towels
that is ridiculous and he was six years old brian was like the way brian you know how the yandals
talk like his son would be like six and he'd walk up to us. He'd be like, Dad, I got a smash.
All right.
Well, speaking of deuces, I think it's probably time to put the deuces up and call this an episode.
Boys, that sound good?
Yeah.
Wednesday night, game seven.
I'm going to actually play golf Wednesday.
And you know when I play golf in the afternoon.
I call it to the podcast, boys. So we'll do game seven action.
We'll be at you guys Thursday morning instead of Friday morning for the second episode this week.
Thanks for listening.
It was the feedback we got at RA after starting it a long time ago and biz hopping on and taking it to the next level.
The feedback from the week in New York was some of the coolest stuff.
I could I could have never I could have never imagined people would love listening this much.
So we love you guys.
And I appreciate it.
So I'm going to go use my new smash bash. And you better
be pumping my tires on my ad read.
Your ad read sucked. I'm going to
rip an eagle energy right now to wake up from it.
I got to go metabolize my tea. Catch you later.
Bright light city gonna set
my soul, gonna set my
soul on fire.
Got a whole lot of money
that's ready to burn. So get those stakes up higher. Thank you. How I wish that there were more than 24 hours in the day.
