Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by ZipRecruiter.
Are you hiring? Every business needs great people and a better way to find them.
Something better than posting your job online and just praying for the right people to see it.
ZipRecruiter knew there was a smarter way, so they built a platform that finds the right
job candidates for you. ZipRecruiter learns what you're looking for, identifies people with the
right experience, and invites them to apply to your job. In fact, 80 of employers who post a
job on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate through the site in just one day. The right
candidates are out there. ZipRecruiter is how you find them. Businesses of all sizes trust
ZipRecruiter for the hiring needs. So right now,
our listeners can try ZipRecruiter for free. That's right, free. Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets. That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets. ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode Sid Crosby of Spittin' Chicklets,
brought to you by Boss Dual Sports.
Shout out to Whitney on that one.
Boys, the Stanley Cup Finals all set.
Washington Capitals get over the hump for the first time in 20 years.
They're back at the final, meeting Vegas Golden Knights.
Series kicks off Monday night.
I mean, it's pretty much a shocker to everybody.
What do you guys got to say about it?
Who didn't call this one preseason?
What do you think the odds were?
500-1 that these two would meet for a cup final?
I mean, they had it.
Probably higher.
I mean, it wasn't Vegas 501 on their own?
Yeah, pre-draft they were, yeah.
I mean, I'll tell you, I had caps at game seven, boys.
I had caps winning the series.
None of you morons had it.
Well, I went 50 in that round. I believe you did also, Witt, because we picked the opposite teams.
So I think my overall record is what, Grinelli?
Do you have those written down?
I know I'm in the lead, and it's basically at this point impossible for me to lose.
I had Tampa boys.
They had all the rest in the world coming into this series
after they dummied your Bruins, R.A.
And, man, they didn't look good at all.
No.
They never found their offensive rhythm, and I feel like they're a one-trick pony in the
sense where that's really, if they get out of offensive whack, they're done, and Washington
did a great job of containing them.
They were very physical on them, and, I mean, R., RA I'll let you touch on it and then we'll get to the stars for Tampa that
just struggle late in that series too.
Yeah. Biz, uh, we saw the same thing versus the Bruins with Tampa Bay,
Kucherov, Stamkos. They didn't do anything, but I think that was easy,
easily attributed to attributable to, uh, Char and Bergeron and, you know,
getting suffocating deep, but, uh,
they didn't do anything versus Washington either.
And you've got to think, you know, one or both of them was perhaps banged up.
And, of course, Tampa didn't get the secondary score in versus Washington
like they did versus Boston.
That was probably their undoing, which obviously you've got to give props
to Washington's stellar Team D, which we'll get into a little further.
But, yeah, Tampa was let down by the big stars except for Vassie, man.
I thought Vassie was spectacular.
He had maybe one or two games all playoffs,
but I thought he had a bit of a coming out party himself.
I thought the shutout by Holpe last game to get his confidence back up,
because I mentioned in the last podcast,
he hadn't faced a ton of shots from Tampa this series,
but they were still finding a way to beat him some games.
But just getting that in game six at home,
just to bring that confidence to Tampa Bay,
you could tell he brought that right into that game seven.
And he was solid, especially facing double-digit thoughts from Tampa in the first two periods.
Really settled Washington down late in the first and early in the second period.
Yeah.
And once they got that lead, I wouldn't say Tampa laid down, but once Washington got that first goal,
like Tampa, I don't even really remember too many challenges from them.
Washington just stifled them.
I forget who it was.
He had a decent chance right around the net for Tampa,
and then Holpe gloved it.
It was scary if you're a Lightning fan because it looks so easy.
You're like, oh, shit.
I mean, this guy didn't give up a goal in Game 6.
He was the story.
Shout-out to the Lightning's game seven in a nutshell
when Hedman at the end of the second period would take a slap shot at the end
and just buried Tyler Johnson in the leg.
I was like, holy fuck.
He was three feet in front of him.
I was like, that exactly  it was already 3-0.
The game was over.
The crowd seemed garbage.
Tampa Bay's actually
got a great crowd I mean yeah they do building but I mean when Ovi goes out and gets the scores
the first shift by the way Ovi boys Ovi Backstrom these are guys taking a lot of heat so you think
of Tampa now what you guys are saying about Tampa is all true but when I think about it um they
didn't make the playoffs last year a A lot had to do with injuries.
They got to game seven of the Eastern Conference final.
They have a very good team.
They have younger players.
They have a team that is set to continue to be a solid team in the league
and possibly win.
So right now you're hugely disappointed.
Steve Eichmann looked pissed off.
The players are pissed off, but it was a good year.
I mean, it really was.
I mean, when you look back, someone's got to lose.
They took them to seven games. Washington just outplayed them. It was almost every year. I mean, it really was. I mean, when you look back, someone's got to lose. They took them to seven games.
Washington just outplayed them.
It was almost every game in the series.
And if it wasn't for Tampa's power play, they would have been, you know,
they probably would have lost in five.
It was Washington just had a better tempo.
They had a better team game.
They had more depth, it seemed.
And because of that, Tampa ended up looking like trash in game seven.
The only thing that they're worried about, if you're asking me, is their team speed.
Because I don't know about you guys, but Washington, to me, looked way faster.
Which is crazy because they've played a lot more hockey in this playoffs.
Tampa had the rest coming in.
And I was going to touch on the fact that you've got to be happy with a successful season.
But how frustrating for Tampa must that be to have all that rhythm offensively all season long and all
of a sudden it comes time for for the conference finals and probably for the first time all year
they just couldn't find their rhythm they got shut out back-to-back games in games six and seven
and I mean going going to their star players in the last three games,
I think, or sorry, the last four games,
Kucherov and Stamkos combined had a goal and an assist.
That's it, in the last four games of the series.
I mean, those here top dogs.
I thought Kucherov looked worse.
I mean, you know, Stamkos is never going to sit there and tell you he played well.
But Kucherov, he didn't even look interested.
He looked like he was just kind of  and that's why you wonder if an injury is going to come out
because for a player to be that dominant, to go  to look that average in a way, it was shocking.
And Game 7, I don't know if I mentioned I bet the Caps and I picked him in the series.
But I was still worried.
I was still really worried.
I'm like, these guys are going to come home buzzing after getting dominated in game six,
and it just wasn't there.
I mean, just get scored on the first shift.
That pretty much wrote the story.
Guys, do you think, I believe it was Yanny Good who missed the open net.
Or was it Laurel?
I'm sorry, who was it?
Or was it Laurel?
Laurel.
Oh, you fucking, you ass.
Hook, line, and sinker wit.
You got me on that one.
But, dude, I mean, if that happens to you in a game of that magnitude,
how do you fall asleep at night?
I mean, obviously Orpik made a nice stick check on the play,
but wide open, the puck's right there, and you can't get it in.
I mean, do you even fall asleep without any help last night if you're that guy?
Oh, you're just, you feel so bad.
That's why, I mean, I always bring up golf because I'm a golf nut.
You let yourself down in golf.
When you let down a team, team sport, it's like you just,
you want to go up to them and apologize to every guy.
And in classic hockey player fashion, everyone says, dude, don't worry about it.
I didn't score.
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it.
But, I mean, that sucks.
And Orpik did make a great defensive play, but he still,
he was still able to tap it in. It looked like to have the pressure,
obviously kind of made him panic a little, but that,
that one is one you'll kind of remember forever.
Boys. I got to give a little credit to Patrick O'Sullivan on this tweet.
I don't know if he dug it up from somebody else. And, and mind you,
I don't like ripping on any players.
Cause I mentioned most of these guys have more skill in their,
their pinky toe than I've ever had in my entire life, except for URA.
But here's a stat for you.
And people love or loved, I should say, the Ovechkin narrative of, you know, oh, can't get it done.
He's not a winner, not this, not clutch, which he has been.
Most of the times in the past, it's been his teammates that have maybe let him down.
Cause he's always showed up in playoffs.
Now going to Stamkos,
he's played in six game sevens in his NHL career.
He has zero points and only nine shots on net.
His team's three and three in those games.
Now I don't,
I'm not ripping on Stamkos,
but I'm saying is at some point you say,
Oh man, did the big games maybe get to certain star players more than others?
It's hard to say because it is one game when you look at it, but people are judged on what they do in game sevens.
I mean, that's kind of how it looks.
So for someone like him, at this point, it could be that he's thinking about it going in.
Listen, I haven't had success.
The reason I brought it up was because if that was Ovechkin,
North Americans would just beat up that narrative where the all-Russian player can't get it done.
But I'm Canadian, and I'm Canadian biased.
I think that it hasn't really been talked about that much.
I mean, Patrick O'Sullivan will call everything how he sees it.
And, you know, people love him or hate him for that.
And he sent that out.
And it's obviously gotten a lot of action.
And people are coming to Stamkos' defense.
Oh, it's a team thing.
And I get that.
But if it was the other way around, is what he's pointing out,
people would be roasting him.
And people were roasting Ovechkin even when he was getting it done.
Yeah.
It's way easier to rip on a European and a Russian player it really is and I think part of it part of it is that uh Stamkos is a great guy I think a lot of media members probably enjoy
their time when they're interviewing him stuff Ovechkin can be uh in a sense a little standoffish
more than anything it's a language barrier but But you've got to realize that if you're going to call out one person
and then you've got to look to another star, no matter where they're from
or how they act off the ice, and you've got to call out those guys too.
And this is what people seem to not want to call guys out.
But this is when a lot of people remind you that these people make 9 million,
10 million a year. This is pro sports. Mill lot of people remind you that these people make 9, 10 million a year.
This is pro sports.
Millions of people are watching.
When you don't perform and you're paid to perform, you're going to hear about it.
I think most of the players know that, too.
But it is always interesting how some guys just get it more than others.
But Ovi is silencing all of this now because this is a man on a mission.
Yeah, it's been great to watch.
I mean, as far as him getting it done, that's going to be interesting to see
how it plays out. Another thing that has been
brought to my attention, and it's pretty obvious,
is this is a Stanley Cup final
that George McPhee
built both teams, which is
pretty crazy. It's
such a weird thing because that core
group of players... He's like, I'm winning
no matter what. I don't give a shit.
No matter what, he looks like a genius.
I think this probably makes up for that Forsberg trade for Martin Erat to Nashville.
But, I mean, you have to tip your cap.
This guy knows his stuff clearly.
I guess maybe the Tatar trade was a bit of a head scratcher too.
But, hey, he came up big last round with a goal and just a good GM.
He might get the GM of the year.
Yeah, I think.
He built Washington pretty much to what they are.
And then in Vegas, he didn't just build them.
He fleeced other teams for stuff too to help him build that team.
So he's by far and away the executive, whatever that award is of the year.
And he's watching this series.
the executive, whatever that award is of the year. And he's watching this series.
But probably, you know, a huge part of them is like, fuck Washington.
They got rid of me.
They're now here and I can bury them.
They finally get to the cup finals and I can just ruin it for him with my new misfit toys
in Vegas.
So, you know, he's probably he's probably just he's like, oh, my God, this would taste
sweet if you're gonna beat anyone
you know what i mean it's similar to uh for flurry it's kind of nice i mean and by the way guys are
we gonna mention that we're having on mark andre flurry probably a good idea at this stage right
okay well listeners if you continue oh i thought we were getting bark andre
we're we're gonna be interviewing markAndre Fleury a little bit.
Yeah, the number one goalie, Conn Smythe leader.
Can we also mention the fact that Vegas reached out to us in order to get him on?
So this is how big this podcast is getting.
We're the big swinging dicks in the hockey podcast industry.
Oh, and not to change complete subjects, but you know how I was telling you guys about that Palat goal that won my buddy 5,500
because there was a glitch online on that plot goal that won my buddy 5,500 bucks.
Cause there was a glitch online on that website.
Cause he,
he picked him to score first.
So,
uh,
Burakovsky hadn't scored in a while.
And last night it was absolute crazy odds for him to get two goals.
So that same guy who I filmed the documentary with Pasha bet that he would
score two goals last night.
And he ended up winning another like 2,800.
Dinner's on Pasha when I come to make food.
That's what I'm saying.
We can bleep out his name.
I'm not sure if the Canadian IRS is anything like the American IRS.
Also, to get into some more Washington news,
we're going to bring in Michael Lada,
former Washington Capitol that was business teammates.
So he'll have some things to say on what
I think he thinks happened with the Capitals
and what brought them over the edge.
Well, he's Tom Wilson's best friend too.
So we're going to get some great stories out of him.
And he spent a fair bit of time
in Washington.
Very well liked
by his teammates and fans. I got a chance
to play with him when he was in the LA Kings organization.
He's an absolute donkey off the ice,
hilarious in the locker room,
loves his beers.
Surprisingly for a,
for a fourth line role player,
he has some pretty silky mitts too.
And,
and a,
and a tough customer.
And I'm,
I'm really looking forward to getting them on.
So welcome to the show,
Michael Lada.
Michael Lada,
welcome to the show. Our washington capitals insider thanks boys
uh excited to be on big fan of who of which guys specifically win granelli not you business
love it or you are suck it well you're one of your uh snuggle buddies tom wilson's going to
the stanley cup finals it's been very well documented that you and him are are the best of friends you gotta be pretty happy for him yeah i am man i kids uh kids
a warrior um you know you know he gets a lot of bad press and uh all that stuff but i tell you
every every uh guy in that washington dressing room loves having him on the team and uh you can't
put value like that like you guys know uh
he uh he messed with tampa he's been doing it all serious all playoffs and uh yeah he's been a
forest man he's hot as shit huh like on or off the ice like like like broads must love him yeah
yeah he was uh he was a number one bachelor there for a bit in Washington before he settled down there.
Oh, good for him.
Good for him.
What a move.
We're very similar in a lot of ways, actually, because we were both fourth-line peasants, had some toughness to our game.
And I rode the coattails of Taylor Pyatt for many years.
Oh, yeah.
And he was a man missile.
And I just wanted to touch on the amount of maybe residual kills that you had received just based off hanging around with Tom at the time.
Yeah, that's why I was  I saw that man missile comment the other day and I like forwarded it to Tom or whatever.
He was dying.
He was like, these guys are nuts.
But, yeah.
He knows I think he's hot.
I wonder who could out-wheel who, me and Taylor as a combo or Tom Wilson and Lada?
What about me and R.A.?
Yeah, yeah.
I got asked this question funny enough too when we don't have the junkies or someone,
and we were driving to the airport, Willie and I, the one time.
But Willie was like 20 at the time.
He wasn't like age.
And they tried to catch me up and like, how do you guys do at the bar?
Blah, blah, blah kind of thing.
And I slipped up.
And Willie's not supposed to be at the bar.
He's like, hit me while we're driving.
We almost crashed.
And like, oh, no, we don't go out that much.
We just.
But, man, that kid's just an absolute stud on and off the ice.
At one point, he was talking with Selena Gomez, wasn't wasn't he um no damn i kind of wanted to believe
can you make that like just run with that story so just to stir the pot i'll actually tell you
willie will probably love this story too uh and it's like he didn't so where we live in washington
was like just inside of arlington so we had this kind of like this penthouse top four,
we're like 21 years old in the NHL living it up.
And like,
so,
but our rooms are like complete opposite ends of the room of the,
of the condo.
So it's like 11 o'clock at night.
We're in bed,
like good boys.
And like all I hear is bump,
bump,
bump,
bump,
bump,
bump.
And Willie comes flying in my room and i'm like what
the fuck like what are you doing man he's like you'll never guess what just happened i was like
what like we've seen some stuff before like what's so crazy and uh he's like selena gomez just like
three of my pictures holy shit yeah yeah i'm like all right buddy so he's like shows you oh my god it's a fake
account it's like verified and all this stuff so like i guess when like um i guess they were like
trying to like when selena comments on something there's like a billion fan pages on instagram
that like automatically see it and like like next like the next day like page six or
something had an article that that Tom Wilson was like seeing with Selena in uh in uh New York or
something stupid and I just totally out of the blue like Willie never like messaged her or anything
there was just like three likes she randomly did andie's like what the fuck but the best part is like
uh willie's girlfriend's mom is in winnipeg and she hears on the radio that tom wilson is dating
selena gomez oh god so she called her daughter is like what the fuck's going on here and there
was the blow up from there so that was oh god but but now saying that cucked by someone at
least it'd be selena gomez well and i was gonna say that's a good rumor to not squash if you're
tom you don't you don't say anything you just let it marinate and you get that you just kind
of status climb without status climb great i'm hoping he's focused on stanley cup playoffs right
now i'm not listening to this so he's to throw me under the bus. Well, there's no distractions where they start the series,
so it shouldn't be a big deal.
Yeah, yeah.
It's going to be a lockdown for sure.
So, Lats, a lot of people, we talked about it before,
Ovechkin just reaching that next level.
I mean, the fact that there is one is incredible.
But I want to ask you about somebody else who I love, big fan of.
How good is Nick Backstrom?
How happy are you for him to finally get to that next level?
Because he's taking some heat too.
Yeah, Willie and I, we always call him that, like Papa.
We love this guy more than anyone in the world.
He's the nicest, most humble human, and he is unbelievable, man.
This guy hasn't made a bad saucer pass in 13 years maybe
since he played junior or wherever he played.
Like me and you, boss. Yeah, exactly. Like me and you saucer back in 13 years maybe since he played junior or wherever he played like it's on the
yeah exactly like he made you saucer back fourth line biz saucer the dump of the corner the bump
of the corner um but honestly man he he is um the glue in that dressing room the boys love him so
much he's uh doesn't matter if you're a fourth line peasant or you know like top top four
defenseman he's the nicest most genuine guy will
do anything for you anything to help you out and uh he doesn't get he doesn't even get enough credit
man he's he runs that power play man everything they think it's obi but he just plays with every
every player out there see that goal oh she scored the guy moved his stick like four inches yeah one
second two second and all back
he's doing he looks up to the point and these guys working that in practice every day made me
look stupid so many times i just i just stopped doing it oh you were you were a practice pk
oh hardest hardest worst job in the league all the best there's willie and i none of us were
killing at the time willie's a big killer now but we would go all out just to like try and fuck with the guys right and once we got it out we celebrated so hard
and the biggest thing this this season well specifically in this play us that i've noticed
is just how how much camaraderie there is in years past it's it seemed like when when times got tough
there was a little bit of divide or maybe just everyone kind of standing around looking around
being like you know who's gonna who's gonna step up and get the job done where you have everyone
pulling the rope and even with backstrom being out a couple games that you know they got the job done
yeah man i mean that that lars ellers played i don't know him though he's played great
i think in years past they try and load up the deadline with you know know, older guys that kind of, you know, they're not,
I don't mean not as hungry or what,
but they're just like that Stevenson kids playing out of his mind.
Berkovsky had a big game.
They're kind of letting the kids play.
Kepney guy too from Chicago.
I don't know him, but he's playing great.
They, they just kind of got these little pieces who have just, you know,
fighting for their lives and it's just, it's really working out for them.
It's so good to see him, man.
I'm so happy for him.
Mike Darre here. I know you played for Trotz for a couple of seasons and, you know, fighting for their lives. And it's just, it's really working out for them. And so good to see him, man. I'm so happy for him. Mike, Darre here.
I know you played for Trotz for a couple of seasons.
And, you know, he had a problem getting out of the second round.
It was kind of his career bugaboo.
Same with the Capitals for the last 20 years.
Do you think that was like strictly a situational thing with him?
Like sort of bad luck?
Or was it something he needed to do something different in his approach
with that particular team?
Well, I mean, you know, like I was there our last year at Pitt
where when we were, I mean, they won the cup cup but i think if we would have won that series i think
we would have won the cup too i think that was basically a stanley cup finals right then it's
just with this you know with the help playoffs is set up in the nhl it's kind of you know a
shitty setup where you know it doesn't matter how good you do in the regular season you're still
you're still getting a tough matchup second round if you're in a good division.
So, I mean, it's tough.
I mean, I don't know if you've been past third round.
You won a cup, yeah?
No, I actually went to the finals,
and they won it the next year.
It's a funny story, actually.
Did you win a cup?
You ever heard of Chris Kunitz?
He won a Calder Cup.
I drank out of the cup.
Hey, lads.
Trotz can buzz, huh? He was flying around
the ice yesterday before game seven.
Yeah, I love it.
He's got tight shoulders, though.
Not a lot of shoulder movement.
What he does is he kind of tips forward
and that bowling ball ahead of his just
keeps the momentum flying around.
I still need a contract here next year. better keep quiet and no neck piece prize hey actually a lot of started
the season with the arizona coyotes farm team in tucson and then uh and then you actually moved
over to one of the nicest american league cities uh do you want to talk about that yeah i was happy
for the change i mean it was tough uh you know tough playing and sitting by the pool after every practice but uh binghamton was uh big a nice pool hall
he's got about one decent restaurant um you know that eddie lack got sent down to us which kind of
saved my life down there because he's a he's a beauty um we're kind of stuck in the hotel together not doing too
much but yeah it's not a great city by any means so you know but the fans are good uh they treat
you well but you know just city-wise it's not uh it's no tucson that's for sure the the university
in tucson are pretty good and i want to go back to your time with the caps a little bit uh you know
i've played with russians before and and when you were there as still now they have a lot of them and i just think
it's hilarious some of the things that they they pull off and like sometimes they'll just show up
with like six buddies at a pre-game skate and they'll be like sitting in the lounge when you
walk in and like just talk about maybe a couple of funny things that you saw where we're just
different to everyone in the locker room but they had no clue that it was just offside.
That's the Russian mafia we're called.
We've always got about six boys over here that we don't know how they have visas, but they do.
They just live over here and drive around and hang out.
And good for all of us for taking care of his day one buddies, right?
But it's  I mean there's every team party they're at like they're
as much part of the team as as me as a fourth line guy he played he played the same role basically
i remember this one time we played against you guys and i believe uh was it maybe it was uh
mike green who i went and saw out and and we ended up at some russian after hours and it was like
this underground shady joint and i had no idea what the fuck was going on.
But all the boys were there.
Ovi was rocking those jeans with the jogging pants underneath kind of style at the time.
And apparently they were like 1,200 pants.
And I thought maybe a homeless man gave them to him.
He loves tracksuits.
He's like Gucci tracksuits.
Yeah.
Hey, we had our boy teddy purcell on uh
we a couple episodes ago and then he texted me last night did you see kuznetsov kuznetsov posted
a picture with a real russian looking dude and the dude had an abercrombie and fit shirt on
oh no way just like teddy said abercrombie's just getting over there
mike did did you and biz i know you you guys played with and against each other.
Did you guys have a scrap together in a practice or in a game or anything?
No, we  you were in Phoenix.
I thought the one guy I think you were playing, the other kid, the bigger
who was the one right winger in Phoenix there for a bit?
No idea. CTE works. on your who was the one right winger in phoenix there for a bit no idea
cte works um i don't know i don't did you was i still on the team when you fought someone there
it was cron bean does that make sense oh yeah i was already gone i was actually in the minors
thanks for bringing that up tough one for you so i fought the guy who replaced biz basically
what do you what's your role now in the american league are you in the third line role maybe Tough one for you. So I thought the guy replaced Biz basically.
What's your role now in the American League?
Are you in the third-line role, maybe fighting a little less?
Because none of these younger guys coming up are big scrappers, right?
It was  well, I mean I was in Tucson.
I had a real nice like third-line PK heavy role.
And then I got to Binghamton.
They were like dead last in the league.
So I got to play a little power play time. It was kind nice probably back to my younger days but yeah nobody fights anymore at least a
joke these kids around like chirping with no consequences it's it's unbelievable yeah it's
it's a little when we came to the league where like i was scared to say stuff
at the mouth to beat the shit out of me it's a little bit different in the sense
where and i'm not saying it necessarily should be like this but when these young kids come in
they're just given power play they're given penalty kill they're thrown in the top six where
it didn't matter how good you were back then there was there was there was no sense of entitlement
coming in you had to earn that you might have been put on the third line with no special teams and within your second year but it taught you to earn it where a lot of these
kids if they're not getting enough power play time they're calling their fucking agent asking
for a trade it's just shit's just way different we say this every week oh do we okay it's and plus
too like i remember like i tripped like scott ford i don't know if you know the name uh oh yeah yeah
brown university yeah yeah legend so he was my captain my first couple years great guy loved I remember I chirped Scott Ford. I don't know if you know that name. Oh, yeah, yeah, Brown University.
Yeah, yeah, legend.
So he was my captain my first couple years.
Great guy.
Loved him.
But he's tough as fuck too.
But I was like a feisty 20-year-old kid in Milwaukee running around,
and I'd be like chirping guys.
And like before they pulled me aside, I'd be like, hey, you don't chirp him.
He's like a 35-year-old playmaker.
You just let him be. And there's guys you't chirp him. He's like a 35-year-old playmaker. You just let him be.
And there's guys you can chirp.
There's guys like 40 that kind of hold you accountable on what you can
and who you can chirp and all that stuff, like give the guys respect.
But nowadays it's like these kids, they come in.
It's almost like a glorified junior league in a sense where it's a young league.
I got to say, the league's way more skilled than it was back in the day you know it's a young league and i gotta say the league's
way more skilled than it was back in the day but it's not as fun anymore it's uh used to be just a
fucking war every time he went on the ice it's just a little change now well that fight that
fight uh in game seven was awesome i mean you could every single person there and watching on
tv i mean that's what fights do that was That was when a fight is, like, meaningful and awesome to watch, I thought.
They step out of the box, too.
And I don't know if they talked about it or Willie was just like,
I'm going to kill you.
Because he stepped out of the box.
And who did he fight?
The big guy there?
Colburn.
Braden Colburn.
Don't you throw my jersey on the ice.
Straight at him there.
And Colburn was kind of like, oh, I don't know if I made the right decision here.
And then Willie was just  when he gets thrown like that,
like he's just ready to murder someone.
So before we let you go, we need a prediction.
What do you got?
Oh, I  it's  I got to go Caps, obviously.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Caps in seven.
Why not?
You know, they're winning their game sevens this year.
Let's go. It would be in yeah. Why not? They're winning their game sevens this year. Let's go.
It would be in Vegas.
Ovi would be dead.
We might
pop down and do some podcasts.
I had one last Ovi question.
Do I get flown down
since I participated?
Yeah, well, yeah.
Biz will sell a couple ads to get you a free
flight, but yeah, you can come down.
Well, maybe we'll get Eagle Energy to do it,
but you have to read their ad and nail it and pronounce metabolize properly.
Last question about Ovi.
I've been hearing all these rumblings about these elite Russian hockey players
having these credit cards from Putin where they just get to go, just go ham on Louis Vuitton or,
or there's Gucci or,
or even Abercrombie and Fitch.
Is there any truth to that rumor?
I think they just give out Abercrombie and Fitch gift cards.
They're not credit cards.
They're just unlimited gift cards.
Well,
a lot of some,
some great stories,
especially the Selena Gomez one,
or the, I guess the not Selenaena gomez one fake uh but before you leave you you had a really interesting story
about uh el prez dave portnoy and about the derby a couple weeks ago yeah yeah i was down at the
derby and uh he happened to walk in the same bar we were just uh he was right after the derby the
night before the derby where the president
the guys i'm with i have no idea what barstool is i'm like oh that's like that president like
what that's a trump what are you talking about like so i'm lost so i'll go say hi and the caps
game was actually on and i was like hey man i went hey prez what's up man i used to play for
the caps like just you know an introduction like pro athlete
blah blah blah and he goes aren't the caps playing right now and he points to the tv and like brushes
me off i'm like oh all right really good to meet you man i was like oh okay holy fuck eh yeah i
think he said like i played for the caps or something and they're on tv right there so i
mean i could see public apology would be nice.
So, I guess, no surprise,
Dave Portnoy's a fucking asshole.
Oh, no.
Yeah, I hate Barstool now.
Well, yeah, I just unfollowed him on all social media.
But, Dave, stick with following Spittin' Chicklets, though.
Yeah, yeah, of course, boy.
That could be the one exception.
And I'll personally tell him you told him to go fuck himself.
Good, good. I need that.
Alright, buddy. Well, thanks again for coming on.
Talk soon, guys. See you, buddy. Thanks, pal.
That interview was brought to you by Keeps.
Guys out there
listening, you probably noticed that the ship is sealed
for me. It's too late for me to fix my
hair. I'm an old guy and those things didn't exist
when I was around, but I wish they did because they work.
The solution is Keeps.
There are two clinically proven medications that let you keep your hair and now they're inexpensive and easy to get.
You don't need to lose your hair all the way like I did if you don't want to.
I wish this stuff was around 20 years ago.
That's why I'm telling you about Keeps now.
You cannot be in the position I am today.
Bald.
For five minutes down, just a dollar a day, you never have to worry about hair loss again.
Get started with Keeps.
It's easy.
You sign up in less than five minutes, answer a few questions, snap a few pics.
A licensed doctor will review your info, recommend the right treatment, all without leaving your couch.
No doctor's office, no visits, no co-pays, none of that stuff.
Keeps offers generic versions of only two FDA-approved hair loss products out there.
But you've never gotten them this easy or at this price.
Keeps is only 10 to 35 a month. Plus, now you can get your first month free. One hell of a deal
for trying to keep your hair. Again, I wish I had this stuff years ago, but you guys don't have to
do what I did. There's no reason to put this off any longer. Stop hair loss today the easy way with
Keeps. To receive your first month of treatment for free, go to keeps.com slash chicklets. That's keeps.com slash chicklets.
That's a free month of treatment at keeps.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
And now we are pleased to bring on maybe our highest profile guest,
Vegas Golden Knights star goaltender,
Marc-Andre Fleury, a.k.a. Ricky Bobby's number one rival
in Talladega Knights, Steve Flower.
Thanks for coming on, buddy.
Thank you for the introduction.
That's the best I ever had, I think.
So we have a bunch of questions for you.
I'm going to get off with one that I've just been really curious about first.
How big of a muffin
did Bissonette have when he shot on you?
I don't think
he was allowed to shot on me.
He just done the puck and then he just went back
in line and practiced. It's funny you guys
say that because I was actually a good
team player and what I would do is I'd like to build
the goalie's confidence up by putting him right in their
gloves. So you're welcome, Fleury.
I was lying, sorry. You've's been a great teammate now i will say
this you were a competitive fucker in in practice all the time like you wouldn't if a guy wanted to
put one in back door when you weren't looking you'd still battle for that puck yeah i don't
like when the you know some players sometimes are cheap you know you look one way and then they
try to score on the other side
when you think you're not looking.
So you got to keep your head in the swivel, you know,
to make sure you stop them.
So, buddy, listen, this has been so fun to watch.
I'm going to be open and say that I've picked against you guys in every series.
So you can hate me.
I understand it.
I kind of hate myself.
But now I'm on the Vegas train.
I love watching you play.
And my question to you is have
you ever felt this good in net is this as big of a zone as you've ever felt like you've been in in
the set in the nhl uh feels very good you know i've been around for a little bit right a lot of
fun and you know some good years and stuff and uh but this is special i think we have a great bunch
of guys chemistry in the room is awesome.
Our rink is awesome to play in.
You know, it's always loud.
And I don't know, it's been a great time here.
And Flower, probably not an ideal situation the past couple of years with, you know,
sharing the net with Murray
and, you know, both very good goaltenders.
Did you take a lot of that time
to maybe adjust your style of play work on your
technique more uh and you know do you think that maybe that time as i wouldn't say a backup i would
say more sharing the net has helped you to have so much success this year uh i think i think it
helps well i haven't changed much of uh what i was doing before. I keep playing the same way a bit.
I think I have to learn how to play, maybe not every night,
and still get in the net and try to get a jump out.
And then when you have a chance to play again and play a lot of games,
I think you try to take advantage of it.
I've had many nights on the bench, and I was like,
oh, this is not as fun as playing.
Once you're back in the net, I try to just enjoy it and have a good time.
Marc-Andre, going back to October,
what were the expectations in the locker room for the team within itself?
Was it just getting to the playoffs?
Was it something more than that?
What were the goals that you guys set for yourself back then?
I feel like we never talk about too far down down the road we always talk about the next game you know just
trying to get ready for uh for game one then for game two right and it was it was going well things
were going well but we weren't we never talked about uh the playoffs and i doubt i think it was
just about you know trying to get a win and time to get some points. So, Mark, early in the season, well, before it started,
obviously the tragedy happened in Vegas.
I'm with the Arizona Coyotes now,
and we played you guys the first home game there.
And, I mean, just talk about that couple days leading up to it.
Obviously, you guys had a lot of support from the city
based on what had happened.
And you guys, I feel like, just kind of took that and ran with it.
And it's just been a great overall experience
for that town.
Yeah, it was, you know, it was crazy times,
that's for sure.
And, you know, we got to start a season on the road
and it was good.
I think our team did a great job honoring,
you know, the victims and trying to bring the community together
for that time.
Since that first game,
everybody's been on our team
and cheering for us all season long.
It's been a good time.
So when the team was drafted in the expansion draft,
you were obviously the big piece
and the fact that you can get an elite goalie
makes all the world of a difference.
But still, many people didn't pick you guys to have much success.
So I'm wondering, when did you realize that you had a good team?
Was it right away in training camp?
Was it a little bit into the year?
I mean, you started off so well.
Or right when you kind of skated with guys, even before camp,
did you realize, all right, I think we're going to have a pretty solid club?
I don't think it was like one night or one day that you realize you know we have a good team i think it's just
a matter of time over the season you know with um you know at first you're winning some games
it feels good but you always wonder if it's gonna last you know and uh i think to see the
consistency we've played with you know from the beginning of the season to the entire season.
And, you know, we had to go through four goalies
and we're still getting points and wins, you know.
And I think that was a big indicator of the type of thing that we had.
Mark, we mentioned already you're playing, you know,
the best hockey of your career.
It's been a joy to watch.
You know, what do you most attribute that to?
Did you prepare differently for the season?
Was it the fire of essentially getting
laid off in Pittsburgh and sent to Vegas?
Was anything different this year that
has fueled you to become playing at this
level at this stage of your career?
I guess I changed a few
little things with my goalie coach here.
It's been helping.
I haven't changed anything else.
I came into Vegas thinking
I'll do my best to help this team
win some games and help this thing
off the ice if I can.
Sometimes changes are good.
Obviously, I've been playing
with a good team, too, that
play well defensively. That's been a big help for me.
Other than this run that you guys are on,
what has been the thing that surprised you the most about Vegas,
the area, the people there?
What has jumped out at you the most?
I think maybe the support that we get from people.
It's a lot of unknown when you bring a team to a desert in Vegas, right?
And this is what we've been getting right from day one.
And everywhere we go now, people are cheering for us
and watching the games and into hockey, right?
So it's been fun to see the progression.
Well, speaking of that support, you know,
it's tough maybe in Pittsburgh getting celebrities to the game,
or a lot of them anyway.
Who have been some of the celebrities hanging around
the locker room and jock sniffing a bit
we haven't had that many
but I met
Imagine Dragon the way down
at the arena
who else
Carrot Top
oh that's business boy
yeah I interviewed him.
Oh, he did?
Yeah, he talked about how when he was
going to the ECHL games there,
how he would go in the room and all the guys
were walking around with their cocks hanging out
and how awkward it was, but he would get
drawn in and keep staring at them.
And we actually
couldn't play the interview
on the Coyotes website. We had to delete it.
That's a shame, eh?
That must have been a good one.
Yeah, I know.
Maybe I can find it and post it to my own little channel.
So, Klaue, so much has changed.
You have three channels these days, eh?
Yeah, I'm just trying to...
What's that?
I see your face everywhere these days, I feel like.
Did you watch my mockumentary?
Maybe some of it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Did you stop watching?
That's a no.
Or did you just not watch it?
I had to go.
No, I didn't see it. I didn't see it. Sorry, I can't lie.
Don't vote it, Jay.
Hey, Flowery.
So much has changed since I last saw you, since we even talked.
So I'm wondering, can you admit or at least tell me that you did it over the phone right now,
that you ruined my shoes by putting the dead mouse in there and spray painting them fluorescent blue and then the other pair nailing them to the locker in Pittsburgh?
Can you now admit that, please?
Did it? How admit that, please?
I still can't figure this out.
I don't like wrapping guys out, but...
Say it. We need this intel.
Actually, Flower, you want to know what one of my funniest memories of you is?
What? one of my funniest memories of you is on the dad's trip.
Um,
when you were sneaking around your fucking Gumby little body underneath tables and you shoe checked my dad
with the soul pads,
just loving life with butter all over my old man's shoes.
That's him.
Like getting Mr.
Whitney. That's him getting Mr. Whitney.
That's him ditching.
I'd like to follow up a question about the soul patch, Marc-Andre.
Is that something that you guys seem to have an on-and-off again relationship now?
Where is it at right now?
No, I've had it for so long.
Our management wanted us to be clean-shaven for a season.
So I just shaved, and now it's flat out, so I can kind of grow a little mustache and
a little patch of this, I guess.
No wonder the flavor saver comes back and nobody can fucking score on you.
So he kept it around all season long.
so he kept it around all through the long.
Hey, so let's go back quickly to our days in Wilkes-Barre,
which you, Biz, and myself, we were all there at one point, I believe. Maybe not together, but that was one of the funnest times I ever had playing hockey,
the lockout year.
I thought, I mean, that's when we kind of got to know each other,
had a lot of laughs.
Do you remember those as good and fun times
and kind of enjoy your memories of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, it was good.
Really good team, right?
Since it was a lock-up, we had a bunch of guys there.
I remember the arena was always full,
and that's why I go into Arena Bar and Grill afterwards, right?
Yes.
Before they moved out to be a new place.
That was a go-to.
But, I don't know.
It's a fun story.
Michel, Terrien being the coach.
Yeah, remember when he,
remember when that moron called you
the worst first overall pick
in the history of the NHL in French?
You remember that?
Yes.
I go, what the fuck did he just say to him, Naz, to our captain,
Elaine Nazarene, now assistant coach of New Jersey.
He goes, he just called him the worst first overall pick ever.
He's called, Michelle.
Look at the guy now.
He owes Alexander a big apology.
You guys remember when he used to light up cigarettes on the bus
and he would ask the bus driver to open the little window and he would blow the smoke by his face out the little window?
Fleury was smoking them with him.
Oh, dude.
Yeah.
Good times.
Good old times.
Fleury, has it been a bit crazy just with all the excessive stuff that they do in Vegas because it's Vegas?
For instance, the Bark Andre Fleury and then they named you
the State Flower.
Are you ever like,
man, what is happening here?
Oh, geez.
A little bit.
I think it's,
sometimes it's a little much,
you know,
but just try to roll with it,
right?
Every person's having a good time
and they're proud of their team
and stuff, so.
Oh, that's amazing.
Yeah.
Get a little laugh on the way and it's good you would be able to go around town without being recognized you know provided you don't
shine that thousand watt smile of yours
uh let's say beginning of the season that could maybe get around a little easier but uh now like
i feel like um the old town alder resident all the residents are behind our team and watching.
But it's fun, though.
Everybody's good luck, you know, and they're watching us.
They're proud of the team and looking forward to the next game, you know.
Yeah, I think they take a lot of pride in our team.
You're always a car guy ripping around in some sick wheels.
What do you got now in the desert?
I got an FF. always a car guy ripping around in some sick wheels what do you have what do you got now in the desert uh i got a ff you got a ferrari yeah oh yeah there it is boys well i was gonna ask about the the lamborghini that the team's been given out for guys to drive
with the logos all over it have you guys been giving it to the guys that have been driving it to the rink? Yeah, just Marchi is only a
It's been good luck so it's taking some crap for it, but can we see crap on the air? Oh buddy
Hey, buddy, we talked about our wrenches on the air. Yeah, you could say crap
I don't care if you guys,
I mean, let's open it up.
I just don't know sometimes
what the limit is, you know?
There's no limit.
You've got the rules.
So you can say shit, cock balls,
and that's all good?
Yes.
Nobody even listens to this.
It's just our parents.
Witt's dad listens.
My mom's a big fan.
I think Ray, you've got a couple of nephews
that tune in, but you're all right.
Okay, good.
Just so that you guys are the real deal
doing great radio and stuff. Good job, guys.
Thank you, Lawrence, buddy.
Thank you very much.
We're going to head to the big series.
Now, Coach Collan,
I can't imagine he's
going to change any approach at this point is just kind of business as usual just keep doing what
you're doing uh yeah yeah um i'm gonna change the angle work on the same practice as usual and uh
i'm gonna watch some tapes over the next few days and get ready for for washington
mark that was a question that i want to ask you about is because now all of a sudden the game's
evolving constantly.
And I've been seeing these goalies with these tablets in their stall
and they're looking at every shooter's tendencies
and especially on power play and stuff like that.
Is that something that you've adapted to?
I don't know if every goalie does it.
You know what?
I like to look at their tendencies but i won't uh
study him to the beat you know i feel like uh sometimes i've done it with shootouts right when
we had a little more shootouts in the league but i feel like guys are so talented and so skilled
that you know even though you see a video where you shoot glove fight four times like
they'll switch it up in the game you know they'll they'll sell the glove side four times, they'll switch it up in a game. They'll sell the glove side and go
5-0 or something.
It's good, but you can't
read too much into it.
We're a players podcast, as you can tell.
We're not big into coaches, although
we love your man, Gallant.
For players who listen, I think they're always shocked
at you when there's an absolute
clusterfuck around the crease and you're
screaming and yelling,
Have you done that since you shocked at you when there's an absolute clusterfuck around the crease and you're screaming and yelling, Woo!
Wee!
Ah!
Woo!
Have you done that since you were 10 years old?
Where did that all start and come from?
Oh, dude.
I don't even know.
Just having fun out there?
Yeah, a long time ago, though.
I remember I played with Jimmy Key.
Were you there with him, too?
No, I just missed him.
Well, I just missed him.
I know Winnipeg sent the tape in and Player Safety got involved.
That was a pretty gutless wet willy
that you gave
Blake Wheeler.
You luckily didn't get suspended and you're going to be able
to play now. Do you just want to touch on that?
I did touch on that.
I don't know that was just
too good
I didn't know
it was just a scramble
and I took my glove off
to get some water
and he was just
laying there
and I just thought
sometimes I do stuff
to just keep me
entertained
or smile in the game
and I was
one of them I guess
that's when you know it's easy
when you can just fuck around out there
just to stay entertained
as you're making like 35 saves.
Must be nice.
It's a vicious circle, though.
You know, you still lose.
You play good.
Play good.
You still lose.
You know?
Plower, what was your most memorable moment
of playing with Ryan Whitney?
Plower, don't do me dirty right now.
Don't do me dirty right now.
I feel like my best memories are not playing.
I think most guys are like this, though.
Your best memories are not about playing the game.
It's what you do off the ice and what you see.
I think when there was just a big mouth,
it would...
Just seeing what this guy.
My body?
He was just a danger when he joined.
Chris was a little comfortable, a little different,
but Wither was good.
Wither was one of the best chirpers around, though.
He would get in chirping mats with everybody
and
shoot
he had a lot
of fun going on
too.
Yeah,
I don't know.
I just,
yeah,
you know,
just got to have
a lot of fun,
have a few beers,
relax,
play good.
Yeah.
You're the best.
You're the best,
buddy.
Just going back
to the Jet Series
to that game four,
those back-to-back
saves you made on Shifley there,
absolutely incredible highlight.
Did you even sort of amaze yourself with that second one
where you kind of did Superman through the crease?
Are you even just reacting to everything there?
Can you kind of walk us through what goes on in a situation like that?
Not much time to think.
I was just, you know, when I saw the rebound come back in the slot,
I just thought, oh, shit.
Then I just
knew it was late. I didn't have to
shoot up. I just tried to
get back in front of the puck
as quick as possible.
I got a piece.
They were a hell of a save, I'll tell you that.
Thank you.
Flower, did I see
Pittsburgh Penguins' Game 7 7 hero Max Talbot,
one of your best buddies, out at the last round against Winnipeg?
He was, yeah.
Wow.
That was the last game at home, though.
It wasn't in Winnipeg.
Any good Russian stories for him?
We might have to have him on.
We do a lot of KHL talk on this cast.
Good Russian stories? Yeah, he plays in Russia, doesn't he? stories for him? We might have to have them all. We do a lot of KHL talk on this cast. Good
Russian stories?
He plays in Russia, doesn't he?
Oh, sorry.
What did he say?
Holy fuck, Flora.
Yeah, no, sorry, man.
What a day.
He said one time
he went to McDonald's
and somebody showed up
on his horse
and then tied the horse
to the fence and went in for a burger
I don't know
drive through on Mr. Ed
you gotta respect it
yeah
well dude we can't thank you enough for coming on
we are
this is an exciting Stanley Cup final.
The fact that you guys have gotten there and Ovi, you know his game.
It's going to be an all-timer.
I'm rooting for you.
I've been on the bandwagon.
I'm going to continue to lead the bandwagon charge.
And I can't thank you enough for coming on.
Can I ask something, though?
Yes, you can.
Don't cheer for us.
Cheer for them again.
Don't cheer for the other team.
Hey, you know what's funny, you know what's funny?
I just told you I was gonna cheer for you guys
but I'm picking Washington anyways, so fuck you
yeah, thank you
I appreciate it
thank you so much, man, good luck, alright?
alright, thank you guys, nice to hear from you
have a good one
thanks so much for coming on
bye
guys, that was fucking awesome what do you think, boys? how do you think it went? coming on. Bye.
Rinelli.
Guys, that was fucking awesome.
What do you think, boys? How do you think it went?
That was fucking awesome, boys.
I don't think people are expecting
like...
Are you still on?
I thought.
We're kind of nervous because you're our biggest guest
so we were wondering if we all thought it was as good as we thought.
I thought you were more candid than I expected,
especially going into the Stanley Cup Finals.
You were dropping fucking shit bombs and fuck bombs.
I got you to say cock and balls.
Yeah, but like, sorry.
I should act more, I don't talk like,
I should act more professional.
But when I talk to you guys,
you just want to make me say stupid shit.
Oh,
I know.
That's what this podcast is about.
You didn't say anything controversial,
but you know,
you're yourself.
Hey,
we're coming to Vegas and,
um,
we're coming to Vegas and biz,
uh,
never made much money and I've had a tough run of gambling.
You have a couple extra rooms for us or?
I think that,
I think the house is still there.
I'm sure V would love having us around.
Yeah, and maybe we can end this interview
so we can shit talk how bad it was
when you hang up.
Yeah, hang up.
Sorry, I'm not so you can talk about me.
Don't make me look too stupid, please.
No, we won't do that. we have rm the podcast he'll
overshadow that uh good luck cloud get another cup get another cup no joke thank you all right
all right see you guys have a good one hey boys just want to talk to you one second about your
health brushing your teeth is one of the most important parts of the day quip knows that they've
combined dentistry and design to make a better electric toothbrush.
Quip is the new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibrations into a slimmer design
at a fraction of the cost of bulkier traditional electric brushes.
And guiding pulses alert you to when to switch sides, making brushing the right amount of effortless.
Quip also comes with a mount that suctions right to your mirror and unsticks to use as a cover for hygienic travel anywhere,
whether it's going in your gym bag or your carry-on.
And because the thing that cleans your mouth should also be clean,
Quip's subscription plan refreshes your brush on a dentist-recommended schedule,
delivering new brush heads every three months for just 5, including free shipping worldwide.
Quip is backed by a network of over 10,000 dental professionals, including dentists, hygienists, and dental students.
Most toothbrushes do not get named to Time Magazine's Best Inventions of the Year, but Quip did.
Find out for yourself why.
Quip starts at just 25, and if you go to getquip.com slash chiclets right now, you'll get your first refill pack free with a Quip electric toothbrush.
That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com
slash chiclets. It's spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Thank you to our man, Marc-Andre Fleury. Boys, that was pretty funny. So for listeners,
the second half there, the little part at the end,
usually when we end interviews, we kind of say, oh, what did you think, boys?
How did it go?
And little did we know, the flower was still listening.
That's such a flower move.
Such a flower rat move.
He was probably thinking of a way to try to prank me or something.
Well, hey, so that just tells you everything you need to know about him
leaving the rat in your shoe and spray painting it.
Yep. Hey, he's one of those guys that's so nice, but he's a prankster. that just tells you everything you need to know about him leaving the rat in your shoe and spray painting it.
Hey,
he's,
he's one of those guys. It's like so nice,
but he's a prankster.
Oh yeah.
He does that shit.
But Hey,
I commend him.
He'll never give it up.
And he didn't sell whoever it was out.
Cause it was,
I don't think he ever will.
I don't think he ever will.
Especially in Vegas.
You don't,
you don't want them digging another hole.
We digging holes for the first snitches out in fucking Vegas like a casino.
Ed, but if when this podcast began, however long ago it was,
if you could have ever told me that a star player in the NHL would come on and say,
I want to be professional, but I just can't be when I'm talking to you guys,
that would be the ultimate compliment in what I want in a podcast.
They literally can't stay
serious with us clowns.
I know. I let off with a couple
serious questions because I didn't know how it was going to go,
but all we did was butter him up and
get him to drop a couple of fuck bombs,
a couple of shit. Did he say cock and balls too?
Yeah, he said cock balls. And guys,
before we get out of this conversation,
I know it was cool having Marc-Andre and Lada on,
but there's actually been an even bigger story in the hockey world.
And I'm going to dig into that interview once you guys take off.
And it has to do with this Columbus Blue Jackets prospect
who shit out a 25-inch tapeworm the other day.
He played the entire season at Miami of Ohio with this in his, wherever
it was hanging out. And he finally
shit it out recently.
I'll tell you, he wouldn't have been shitting it out on my
throne. They would have
probably reached in and pulled it out for him.
Alright, guys.
Before you get into that,
interview that you're going to take over
once I leave and go to the golf course
because I have my big member member this weekend.
Not a big deal.
Won it three years ago.
Not a big deal.
What are our predictions?
Oh, yeah.
Shit.
All right.
What do you got?
Man, Vegas, 15 games to get where they are.
Washington's played four more.
They played a lot, I think, tougher games.
I just don't see Vegas losing, man.
They're just a well-oiled machine.
We just talked to Marc-Andre Fleury.
I don't see him falling off in the least bit.
I get Vegas in six, man.
I just don't see them losing the way they're going right now.
As good as Washington looked the last few games,
I think the fact they played almost half of a almost, you know, half of a series more,
it might've put a little more drain on them.
So I got Vegas in six.
I don't recall.
I believe, well, I guess I do recall six games.
They played in round one, six games in round two,
and then seven against Tampa Bay.
They played a lot of hockey.
They had to travel to Tampa Bay.
Now they have to travel to Vegas.
I love this run by Washington. And I think everybody's pulling the rope.
But just the fact that Vegas is so well-rested,
and we've seen them come out of rest and get right back into it,
I have to agree with R.A. on that one, boys.
I think I'm going to have to pick  I'm going to say Vegas in six, too.
So I'm going to piggyback ra holy shit yeah guys you
guys know oh boy i said they'd be shit all year i said they'd lose in the first round the second
round the third round and i said i'd keep picking against them till they won the stanley cup and
turned me into a full-blown joke around the National Hockey League or I'd finally be right.
It's the Russian gas year.
It's Ovechkin.
It's Kuznetsov.
It's winning the Stanley Cup in Vegas in Game 7,
and then maybe somebody even dying.
Who knows what's going to happen after that?
But I'm on the caps.
I'm on them in 7, and everyone out there, shut up.
Shut your lip because I'm going to end up being right about something,
and it's OV's year.
And if he doesn't win it, man, he's the fucking Dan Marino of hockey.
At least he'll be in the top now.
I think this could be like
This is his last kick at the can.
It sounds crazy to say it's his last kick at the can, but he's 33 years old.
They might lose John Carlson.
They have a lot of guys signing.
Baxam, Kuznetsov, Orlov.
They're looking good, hopey, but how hard was it for him to get here?
And you know Pittsburgh and Sid will be buzzing again.
So it's like this is his chance.
He's going to get it done.
I refuse to believe a player of this caliber who could go on to be number two in the history of goals in the national
hockey league won't get a stanley cup i know mike gartner didn't get one but god damn it it's
alexander ovechkin it's the russian fuel and it's his year it's his time all right all right one
quick note just uh a lot of people who said said Vegas wasn't going to be successful in the desert.
The Western Conference Finals ratings were the best in three years
and the best not involving the Chicago Blackhawks in 16 years.
So basically, take out Blackhawks series.
They were the best Western Conference Finals since Colorado-Detroit in 2002.
Safe to say, hockey in the desert, in that part of the desert, is doing pretty good.
Hey, whoa, was that a fucking jab over here, buddy?
I like it, all right. Stay hard, right stay hot ari you know numbers never lie as kfc said it wasn't a dig i'm just saying you know i hope vegas enjoys this year and i hope they have all the success in the world
because after this season buddy coyotes had the fifth overall pick and it's all uphill from here
buddy hey i i hope a rise in tide brings all boats up. I root for all teams but
the Canadians, so let's do it.
And thank you for that R.A. stat.
That was a nice one. I like that.
Big and deep. The Coyotes
are going to make the Cup Finals
and be handing out tickets
beforehand down in Squad Hill.
We'll pay for your Uber to come to the Cup
Final game, please.
Laugh it up, boys.
I called it here for Stanley Cup champions in three years.
Hey, Biz, do me a favor.
I got to go.
Please don't tell me about the interview with this kid who shit out the tapeworm.
But good luck.
All right, I will do.
Hey, thanks again, Flower.
I know you're listening and not watching Biz's documentary.
How about that? Dude, he probably saw like you're listening and not watching Business Documentary. How about that?
Dude, he probably saw
a clip online and then he's like,
oh shit, he's going to ask me a question. I got to tell him.
I didn't watch that trash.
Fuck.
I still thought it was phenomenal.
Let's change the subject.
I was having a good day.
Alright, boys. See you, Woods.
Peace out.
Alright, it's time for the shittiest story in all of sports,
especially the hockey world.
Carson Meyer, Miami of Ohio hockey player.
He's played two seasons there, drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets.
We're going to just grill him about what the fuck was in his stomach.
And before this Carson Meyer interview,
I had a bit of a bone to pick with all of our listeners
and really even you guys.
Other than you, Grinnell, you've been pretty easy on me,
and it's been about my reads.
And luckily, Witt has left for the day
because he's got to go to his member member
because he's part of some rich, fancy golf course.
But, you know, I'm French-Canadian,
and Marc-Andre Fleury can attest to that.
It's very difficult to do two languages, to read and write in two languages.
Not a big deal.
And, you know, I've been struggling with my ad reads,
and I've been really practicing this one,
so I wanted to finally nail one down, and it's the Eagle Energy one once again.
And as Marc-Andre Fleury didn't mention on air,
but it's been a huge reason for their success down in Vegas
because they've all been sucking them before the games.
At least that's what I've heard.
So I'm going to start this off.
I'd appreciate if there's no chuckling or anything in the background.
Grinnelli, if you could put down that water bottle
and just stay there with no movement and let me do my thing.
Eagle Energy started as a great idea.
Take all the benefits of an energy drink and remove the negatives to create an innovative product that delivers caffeine faster without any calories or sugar.
What is it?
Eagle Energy is a caffeine inhaler made of all natural plant-based ingredients, providing the user
with a natural energy boost via inhalation. What's in it? Guarana, ginseng, and taurine.
The guarana fruit packs twice the concentration of caffeine than a coffee bean, enhances energy
levels, mood, and reaction time. Tell me more.
Eagle Energy contains approximately 400 inhalations.
It can last a day or a week.
You're in control.
The suggested serving size to provide a fast-acting energy boost is 25 consecutive inhalations.
When you inhale caffeine, it metabolizes rapidly.
Nailed it.
Who wants to wait 30 minutes?
With zero sugar and zero nicotine,
difficult to find a healthier way of getting your energy boost.
Eagle Energy is perfect for someone who is always on the go,
whether you're studying or on a long road trip,
partying, or on the ski hill.
Fuck!
Eagle Energy is always within reach.
Sorry.
Promo code biz20.
I fucking, I just couldn't nail the dismount, but not bad, R.A.
Grinnelli, what do you think?
A plus.
A minus.
A minus.
But you're Canadian.
You're Canadian, so I'll give you the A plus.
Okay, so here's the problem, is I thought it was metabolized, and it was metabolized.
That's where I was going wrong.
But hey, R.A., what did you think?
Good stuff, brother.
We're making progress.
You did nail metabolize.
You're hitting 333 on that so far, so good stuff.
Okay, well, I appreciate that.
And I think now that Witt's not around, it helps.
And once again, promo code biz20.
And Grinnelli, RA, you guys saw the cool merch that they put out.
Everybody was asking about the merchandise for Eagle Energy.
If you buy anything with the promo code biz20 for 20 off, it enters you automatically to win a care package.
There's 10 care packages we're going to give away.
And everyone who enters is able to have the chance to win. So thank you for accepting my ad read. Now we're going to give away and everyone who enters is able to have the chance to win so
thank you for the accepting my ad read now we're going to go to carson meyer
welcome to the show is this our first ever college guy at least since i've been on grinnelly no we
had uh brady kachuk and uh casey middlestad on during the World Juniors. Oh, that's cute. No one who fucking shit out a 25-inch tapeworm, though.
So we have Columbus Blue Jackets prospect.
Carson, welcome to Spittin' Chicklets.
Thank you.
And for obvious reasons, we got you on the pod.
Probably the biggest story in hockey.
I know Vegas is heading to the Cup as well with Washington,
but nobody gives a shit.
No pun intended.
Just bring us through what the fuck is going on.
I don't know.
There's a lot going on here.
You want me to just take it from the top or what?
Take it from the top.
Okay.
So a couple months ago, just went in the bathroom, just routine shit.
And it just  probably the worst just you know routine shit and uh it just uh probably the
worst moment of my entire life did it hurt no it didn't hurt but like you can imagine the
the trauma from that yeah but like how did how did you know that that it came out did it just
feel a lot different than a normal shit essentially yeah it just felt wrong well i mean i always inspect it
i always look what's going on down there i want to like gloat at how big it was or maybe how like
stringy it was whatever you just want to look at it see if everything's going good so you look down
and it does it look like it's a fucking anaconda just sitting there in the toilet i mean yeah it's
pretty much spot on and at the time did you know what a tapeworm rut was?
No, I had no idea.
I didn't know what the hell it was.
I just, I looked and I thought I was like my intestines.
I thought I was going to die.
Had this been something that was bothering your stomach for a while and you just maybe didn't know why your stomach was bothering you?
Yeah.
Like I was pretty much a wreck all season.
Like I had no energy.
Like I couldn't eat anything
like i lost like 15 pounds and they didn't think to maybe uh give you an mri or x-ray or any i guess
an x-ray wouldn't show anything but yeah i don't know how you can figure out this thing other than
just basically how i figured out but like i did like a they ran a ton of blood tests and stuff
and like they would put me on, like, supplements or something.
And then finally, like, the last week of the season when it didn't even matter anymore, it just came out.
And that was the answer.
Well, it's unfortunate, too, because, I mean, I don't want to sound negative.
I looked at your numbers and you dropped off.
So, obviously, this had a big effect on your hockey career this season.
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, nothing impressive about this year's numbers, for sure. Yeah yeah you looked like you were fucking paul bisonette out there so now throughout the season
when you were low on energy and you kept telling your coach and the players like were they just
kind of like ah something's up with this guy they just don't know what's up yeah i think they just
thought it was a slump everybody just thought it was kind of in my head i think and i thought it was my head it's at one point i was like oh well obviously nothing's going
on i've done 15 blood tests there's no point doing another one which is a little frustrating
because internally you know something's up and something's just not right with you and you're
trying to express that to others whereas is no one believes you at some point probably you guys
are like oh this guy's so full of shit like once again no pun intended people were probably getting sick of hearing it so at some point i
stopped complaining i just just went out there played like shit played like seven minutes a
night just a bad hockey and uh you know nobody knew what was going on i don't blame anybody but
like it's too good to have an answer now and and uh you told me that you're you're transferring yeah transferring and and is this does this have anything to do with why
yeah it says a big big part of it yeah well we'll get into it okay i can't i don't know i don't know
how much i'm supposed to say but like um so i just like um like i'm officially, I guess, committed again to Ohio State now.
And it was just like just the whole year of being sick.
It was just I don't know. I mean, obviously, like takes a huge mental toll on you.
It's also physical. And, you know, like the doctors did everything they could.
But ultimately, I just didn't like the way it was handled. And I just decided I wanted like something new, you know.
Oh, of course.
You're telling people something's wrong with you.
You're not getting benefit of the doubt.
They essentially at one point think you're lying.
You get demoted.
And that's one thing I hate about college hockey
is you're just a piece of meat in a sense where
if the coach all of a sudden doesn't like you, you're fucked.
Now you have to sit out a full hockey season, correct?
I mean, yeah. We'll try and appeal it, obviously,
and I think we got a pretty good case, but.
Oh, of course.
I mean, you had a fucking 25-inch anaconda up your ass.
You can't rank that.
No, and did you just flush it down the toilet?
Did you guys keep it in the bowl to try to bring it to maybe a doctor's office to inspect it yeah yeah well we had to keep it i had to keep it myself are you
fucking serious oh i mean that's the worst part of the story and now you know forever i'm gonna
be the damn tapeworm guy and that's just a nightmare in itself well one of the first things
i thought of when i read the story was like man this guy's life's tainted because every time his
ass eating season i don't think a girl's ever going to take him seriously in Maka's barn.
You don't have to comment on that.
That's what I was thinking.
No, it's a good thought.
You know, I hadn't put a lot of thought into that one.
That's something I got to think about now.
Well, that could probably help your case with the NCAA is the fact that you'll never be
able to get a rusty trombone because girls won't trust you and your tapeworm issue and that takes a lot of mental toll on you yeah I mean on top of everything I've
already gone through too right and and that's like how much suffering do I have to endure here
how how is how is Columbus uh handled that were they were they worried or concerned during the
season were they trying to do what they could to help you uh yeah I mean they never like they would come to my games and obviously I
wasn't playing anything like the previous season but like they would just offer you know constructive
criticism actually like one of the most helpful things was the development coach um Chris Clark
but um obviously they I'm sure they weren't happy with my performance any more than i was but it's
good to finally get an answer so well i mean it's probably a huge relief for them because now they're
like well listen the reason why this kid had no energy he didn't play up to his capability is
because he had an anaconda up his ass now moving forward i feel like you could almost use this as
leverage to get a bigger signing bonus because you know what I'm saying this thing yeah not to
mention the next time I go on the ice I'm going to be a superman like I haven't I haven't played
regular in over a year now you were playing with a weight vest on all season yeah right and and uh
is there anything else you want to touch on and and this isn't necessarily bashing Miami of Ohio
because I get both sides of it where if they're getting blood tests and all this doctor stuff back where they can't find anything wrong with you and you're telling the coach this, they're ultimately going to eventually assume that, oh, maybe he's not taking care of himself off the ice.
So really no one's to blame here for you transferring.
It's just, you know what, I want a clean slate.
There might have been a little bit of a bad taste in your mouth from the way it was handled no hard feelings let me go my own way now do they have
a problem with you transferring uh you know I don't know after after I transferred I haven't
really I mean I've talked to a number of the coaches but I haven't spoke with the head coach
but like I mean like you said I don't I'm not blaming anybody it's nobody's fault I didn't
expect them to figure this out any more than I, you know. Right. But at the same time, like you said, I needed a clean slate.
So I don't know.
I don't know how they're feeling about it.
I have a very open mind on many issues.
And if I was the head coach in that situation
and I'd been through it and handled it the way he did,
at this point I would have reached out and been like,
hey, listen, no offense.
I assume that, not that you were lying but just
like it was other factors that were playing involved maybe your off ice habits my bad i'm
sorry and maybe even try to get you to come back now has so have they tried to to talk you out of
transferring um only like when i went in to meet with him to tell him i was transferring is he
tried to talk me out of it a little bit like think on it stuff like that but i was like basically my mind's already made up so
i mean granelli's the college hockey expert so we're gonna have him jump on yeah i mean at least
you're going to a good program in ohio state i mean they're one of the top programs in the
country this year yeah yeah and that helps and plus just being so close to home after
like i'm first year i had mono for a while freshman year.
Oh, my God.
Bubble boy over here.
And then this year, obviously, I had a tapeworm all season.
So, I don't know.
Just with all that shit, just going back home is, like, ideal.
Especially if I do have to sit out a year, just being so close to home would be nice.
Yeah, those Ohio State tailgates, too, will be a lot funner when you get to sit out for the year.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
Now, was this thing alive just cruising around the toilet i don't think so like i think it only comes out if it's dead i've done like i haven't done extended research because i
really don't want to but i think i mean i'm guessing it was dead like it wasn't moving or
anything but i don't know how they act when they're alive and they say a big cause for this is eating raw fish were you eating a lot of sushi at the time oh no i don't i don't know how they act when they're alive. And they say a big cause for this is eating raw fish.
Were you eating a lot of sushi at the time?
No, I don't even like sushi.
But get this shit.
So today I get lunch.
I haven't had fish since, right?
And I ordered  we went to a Mexican place.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Time out.
You ordered fish at a Mexican
No, no, no.
I'm not eating fish.
I'm not looking at fish.
I ordered a chicken fajita, and it comes out, and it looks kind of funny, but I'm eating it anyways.
The guy comes out.
He's like, oh, here's your chicken.
That's the wrong thing.
You're eating mahi right now.
Yeah, so I've had fish again today.
So are you off the fish train from now on?
Oh, completely.
It was totally by accident today.
Didn't want it, but it was actually pretty good.
Like, in the morning, it was unreal.
I got to give it to the guy.
This is unbelievable.
So what does a tapeworm do?
Does it just eat your insides and stuff?
Yeah, like, it just takes nutrients.
Basically, like, every meal I had, I was only getting half of it or something.
I don't know the numbers.
Don't even mark that number.
I just randomly said that. But, you know, everything I ate, I was only getting half of it or something I don't know the numbers don't don't even mark that number I just randomly said that but you know everything I ate I was only getting
like a bit of it so when you were boozing he was taking half of it too yeah I mean you gotta assume
I guess uh had the doctor said anything about that's the biggest one he's ever heard of
uh I didn't even you know I don't know I didn ask them, but they had to send it like to a lab in Utah.
It's like, any results?
They just, the only result is it's from eating fish.
Jeez.
Well, listen, buddy, I'm sorry that you had a tough season based on it.
And it sounds like you've had a couple of tough seasons and I hope you,
they give you the green light.
You're allowed to transfer and you don't have to sit out and we wish you the best of luck and thank you for coming on and uh and hopefully
you can reach the goal of eventually uh getting a rusty trombone thank you thanks for having me
once again thank you to Carson Meyer the craziest hockey story out there right now
and and we wish him nothing but the best.
Grinnelli, we should get more college kids on more often.
Oh, I would love that. Let's do it.
Maybe I'll just start grilling them.
Do one-on-ones now that we lost Witten
R.A. I love it.
Well, you can chime in too because you're the big
college hockey expert.
A little expert. A little insight.
Yeah, well, I don't
know anything about college because I went right from high school to the pros. Not a big deal. That, well, I don't know anything about college
because I went right from high school to the pros.
Not a big deal.
That's going to wrap it up for this week.
And we thank everyone.
That was a jam-packed episode.
We got some good inside intel from Michael Lotta moving forward.
Wish nothing but the best to Marc-Andre Fleury
in the Stanley Cup Finals.
And who knows?
Maybe it's Caps year.
So we'll see you guys on Monday and pretty women waiting out there. They're all living the devil may care.
And I'm just a devil with no despair.
So viva Las Vegas.
Viva Las Vegas.
How I wish that there were more
than the 24 hours in the day.
Even if there were 40 more, I wouldn't sleep a minute away.
