Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by MyBookie.ag.
Listen, folks, all the show all the time here, Wits, we talk the shop all the time,
puck line, puck line, puck line. Last night, if you were using MyBookie.ag,
you would have got a dynamite price in the puck line. Las Vegas, I'm sorry, the Vegas Golden Knights go at 2.7 seconds left to give you that W.
And I got that W because I was on mybookie.ag.
And it's not just the NHL playoffs.
We got NBA playoffs in full throws, Major League Baseball.
Everything's going on.
And you can get your action at the safest online sportsbook in the world.
And it's the only one we recommend to our listeners.
My bookie.ag offers all kinds of wages on, like I said, baseball.
Stanley Cup is in the full throws right now.
NBA playoffs.
Everything's going on.
The best part, you can create your own props.
That's right.
Your own prop machine.
That's insane.
Build a bet.
It's like going to the mall.
Build a beer.
Instead, you build a bet.
You just throw your props in. Boom. You get the odds. You know you're going to win. It's like going to the mall. Build a beer. Instead, you build a bet. You just throw your props in.
Boom.
You get the odds.
You know you're going to win.
So go check them out right now.
Use the promo code SPIT for a 50 bonus when you deposit.
You can't beat it.
We only recommend it to our listeners because it's good to us.
We want you to have the Las Vegas-style experience.
The same thing you get at a sports book.
You want to play blackjack, roulette, craps, slots.
All that stuff is available at mybookie.ag.
They got it all.
Even if you like to bet in esports, kids playing the video games, bingo.
It's there for you.
Not to mention you play all the games on your cell phones, tablets, computer.
It's entirely up to you.
You play from anywhere.
You play, you win, you get paid.
So if you want to get in on the action this summer, go to mybookie.ag now
and sign up with them using the promo code SPIT to ensure that you're eligible for all of our future promotions and bonuses.
Visit Las Vegas from your couch and try them out today.
Once again, that's mybookie.ag.
Use that promo code SPIT and win some money. The End
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode Patrick Kane of Spit Chicklets brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Absolutely incredible game one to kick off the Stanley Cup.
I don't think the NHL could have asked for a better product than what we saw tonight.
A thrilling 6-4 final.
Vegas was up 5-4 late, got the empty netter for us.
Puck line bettors.
Biz, man, what's your reaction? I mean, could you have asked for a better game from a PR perspective?
Well, first thing, I'm shocked that you didn't say Eric Lindros,
considering you're such an old-school hockey fan.
Well, I didn't get to say mine.
Who were you going to say?
Go ahead.
I was going to say, I want to be like Michael Irvin, the Big 8-8,
which is a little shout-out to Little Giants,
if you guys have ever seen that clip.
That clip, Michael Irvin, when he's rolling up to buy Coke,
he's like, yeah, we're looking for some cola from the ladies.
He's the one who's trying to buy coke for his hookers.
I'm just talking little giants, but you can
go with the hooker and the coke comment.
What a game.
Well, hey, I mean, we are talking about Vegas,
so let's go to the hooker and blow it up.
Boys,
that was a Banana
Lands game, and there's a lot of different
little storylines. Of course, we're going to have to get into
another Wilson hit. A cocker. I mean, game and there's a lot of different little storylines of course we're gonna have to get into another wilson hit uh i mean and i'm getting attacked online for defending this guy and i never
even chimed in on the first one other than that i thought he was going to face supplement discipline
so all we do is say that he's hot yeah yeah and he's got a huge wrench that's all i said
yeah yeah and he's got a huge wrench that's all i said and and this guy came at me he's a semi pro wrestler and i can't well i told him i go fuck you i said when did i defend him and then he
protected his tweets and i said bud you want to be a pro wrestler and you're going to go into a
shell after one week that i push you back on i said wrestling's probably the last sport for
mental midgets you got to be on the mic taking shit from everyone all the time.
You think Vince McMahon wants a guy who's going to protect his tweets?
He just wrote his own death certificate as a wrestling guy.
Are we not naming him?
Are we not naming him?
Oh, we're going to have everybody attack him?
No, no, no.
We don't want to do that. Hey, guys. I mean, I wasn're going to have everybody attack him? All right. No, no, no. We don't want to do that.
Hey, guys.
I mean, I wasn't going to.
That game.
That game.
Let's start with the initials.
Well, at least we didn't get.
I was just like, please don't show my quote.
Please don't have anything to do with my quote on the national broadcast.
I was waiting for it.
I was like watching.
I was like waiting. Oh, my God. And then I just realized that it was waiting for it. I was like watching it. I was like waiting. Oh my god.
And then I just realized that it was the Vegas show.
I mean, that guy comes out there just
swinging his sword.
The other guys are coming from the rafters.
How about they have like the plastic
learn to skate things on too. They're just
ankle benders out there with their
plastic swords.
The complete fantasy
factory. It's unbelievable.
The catapult. They shoot the catapult from the crowd
and then the cannonball hits the ice and
puts an explosion into the ice and shit
with the graphics. It's pretty incredible
stuff, man, to watch.
It's like Sucre du Soleil slash
Medieval Times Dinner and Tournament
on acid.
Everybody's just on dolly, drinking
booze.
It is a fiasco. and we don't before we even get into the game should we chime in about all these old school fans being like oh it's i
hate that stuff it's it's bad for the game it's it's not it's not tradition it's just like shut
the fuck up you don't know how to run a business that vegas team is printing money they're not
making money off you grumpy
fucks at home that
don't want to spend any money and
just want to chime in on Twitter.
I had some serious flashbacks.
I actually played in the Stanley Cup
final, you guys, and
the reason I remember it is because it was at Joe Lewis
Arena, and it was the most amazing
feeling because each playoff round is
one thing, and then the Cup final, it's just such a different animal so before the game it's just there's such a
different feeling in the room the the arena is even crazier and then i'm thinking like tonight
i mean it was detroit people are like smoking cigarettes in joe lewis arena tonight it was like
a laser show uh absolute gong show before the match with all these lights and these nights and
all this bullshit.
But I love it.
I mean, if you try to say you don't like that, you got a big dump in your pants because it's an absolute time and a half.
People are in one.
And it's the perfect thing for TV, too.
Well, Whit, let's get R.A.'s perspective because he's more of a traditionalist, I'm assuming.
I just said that twice.
They dropped a puck.
No, I mean, I definitely am in some ways. But ways but i think you know it sells the city that you're in
it's so representative of vegas like like i said over the top it's got a cheesy element to it it
fits into the theme the motif of the whole golden knights that era you know this and not to mention
the hottest tv show on the planet has been game of thrones for the last decade so there's no doubt
whether sub subconscious people kind of maybe tie into it as well.
I mean, if you've been to Vegas, if you've experienced Vegas, it's so perfect for it.
So I can't get mad at it.
I think it's entertaining as hell.
I mean, that pregame show, it's I mean, it's specifically for the people in the arena.
I mean, we TV people do get to see it, but it's great, man.
You go to a game.
I mean, it's the most expensive ticket in the game.
So, yeah, you're going to get more than the hockey game.
And I enjoy the hell out of it, man.
I think it's just part and parcel of the modern.
Like you said, Paul, NHL is sports, but we're all in the entertainment business at the end of the day.
Especially in nontraditional markets.
All these fans up north in Canada are the ones barking.
And it's like, yeah, you guys can sell tickets and sell
out without having to do that that's great but in non-traditional markets you need to do this kind
of stuff uh I think LA does a great job of balancing it they don't go too over the top but
they have like funny skits with celebrities on the jumbotron uh they you know they play out the
whole Clippers and and uh Lakers uh you know they pick sides and they do these fun things and usually have great DJs bumping some awesome tracks.
It doesn't hurt when you have rocket launchers in the crowd with their kits hanging out along the glass.
So that's another element that they bring.
So I love it.
It's different.
I'm glad that they're starting to embrace that.
And I'm hoping that Phoenix follows suit.
So Michael Buffer, the guy who did like, he's got the let's get ready to rumble.
They brought him in.
Is it true?
He, he owns let's get ready to rumble.
Yeah.
He trademarked that ages ago.
That's his Saturdays for the, for the boys.
What a scam that is, huh?
Hey, Travis Barker was doing the drums on the way in normally it's just
some regular guy they brought out all the stops man speaking of selling the game you know we're
always talking about ambassadors for the game now the best ambassador for hockey is the game itself
and tonight was the perfect example why that game had all the stuff that make this game great you
know scoring great saves the unreal skill tj oshie's you know no look pass brett conley's
beautiful tip the hand-eye coordination everything that we love was on display exactly hard heavy
hits all the stuff we love i said late hits well late yeah whatever i mean i'll tell you it's the
playoffs man i'm all down for dirty shit and i think the game sold itself incredibly well tonight
well wit let's let's throw it to you because I know I was a little bit nervous and we texted in the group chat.
We didn't want to mush Flurry and he came on the pod.
So what are your feelings on that?
I was just happy to see them pull one out.
I was watching and I'm like, part of it, I'm like, you know what?
He embarrassed me.
He called me out and said, please don't pick us.
But then as goals went in and goals went in, I started thinking, we might never get a player on this podcast again if you come on here and anything I touch or speak to turns to complete shit.
So at one point I was like, fuck, he's going to start saving the puck.
But Hopi was the same way too.
I mean, he's probably like, god damn it.
I mean, I don't know what's going on.
Right now his rebounds were a nightmare
i know i'm going to hope i'm all over the place but the game you guys said it was the best game
i've watched this year and it's just perfect to start off that way now um i think this is like
has all the makings for just a classic seven game series now after this i say this it'll be a sweep
but it's just the perfect two teams. They're evenly matched.
Washington can  they're not as fast.
Nobody is as Vegas.
But Fleury at the beginning, I mean, that's the scary thing is they won all playoff with Fleury standing on his head.
And then he actually doesn't have a great game.
And they still  they get six and they win.
So, this team is so good.
I continue to look like a moron.
And I'm sick and tired of it.
I really am.
But at least I get to watch good hockey.
And, yeah, I lost tonight, though.
I had the caps.
They did give out Vegas minus one and a half on the puck line.
And someone called me idiotic online.
Oh, I know.
I saw you just sent that to the group chat.
You're pumped.
Hey, there's nothing worse than when someone is so aggressive towards you
and then they end up being wrong.
Yeah.
See, I don't mind if you disagree.
That's fine.
But when you're idiotic, it's like.
No, no.
That's a shot at the guy who was chirping RA if you picked up your phone
and read the group chat.
I'm going to chime in about obviously the first game was unbelievable.
I'm always thinking on a fan level, especially because I have no skin in the game,
selling the game in the United States
where it needs to be sold,
and for a casual fan watching that,
that's going to draw them right into
the game, which eventually, on a selfish
position,
more money in our pockets
because more fans equal more listeners.
That's what I'm thinking about.
We had Fleury on last episode.
Maybe check out episode 87, guys.
Yeah, if you want, if you're into potential conspire winners.
But the goaltending is always an issue with a little bit of a layover for me. And we saw it with the Tampa and Boston series with Vasilevsky having the time off.
And usually that's the main concern.
Players probably don't mind getting the rest because they're up and down the ice all game probably a good thing for our entertainment stake entertainment
sake both goalies were shaky I'm fine with that uh as far as everything else was concerned I'm
sure not a coach's best uh favorite game because with all the breakdowns um and then I guess we're
going to take it we should probably take it to the Tom Wilson hit. I thought it was a little late.
I also thought, which nobody mentions online anymore because it's all these new school fans with the new rules.
Marchessault was just mesmerized by his own pass.
And then people were stopping the screenshots and showing the puck on the boards and then Wilson making contact.
Well, it's just like, yeah, well, he shot the puck over the boards.
That happens in a split second.
That means no fucking  that has no point in the argument.
The hit was a little bit late.
Do you guys think he'll get supplementary discipline?
I can't even talk tonight.
I don't think he will.
I thought  I mean, right after it happened, I texted the thread.
I mean, it was even a borderline interference call as far as I'm concerned.
Like, I texted you guys.
I was like, I thought he was watching his pass a little too much.
He might have been a hair late.
But what was weird, they didn't call a penalty right away, it didn't look like.
It looked like they conferred after, then took him from the bench.
Because I didn't see an arm go up.
But I don't expect discipline or fine, nothing.
I mean, it was fucking interference.
He didn't hit him in the head.
He just caught him fucking staring at his own pass yeah the old uh don't watch your
pass get your head up for the freight train coming um because it's him it's being talked about but
i can't see he's suspending a guy for that hit man i mean a guy staring at the pass he just made
behind and just get your head up by the way way, it's embarrassing that every single time I say,
is it GIF or JIF?
I'm a GIF guy.
I say GIF.
GIF.
The GIF makes it look horrendous.
Dude, you can't go by that.
It looks like it's three minutes after he drops the puck.
You can't even see the puck.
But in real time, that's a good hit.
Wilson is down low, like exploding up into Marshall.
Marshall shows heads.
It basically springs off his body as his body's going left.
So it did not look good for him.
But the hit, that's a hard hit.
People will say it's late.
People will say it's dirty.
But Washington loves him making hits like that.
I think they love it.
They're patting him on the back.
They're telling him that's how they want him to keep playing.
That's just how he's going to keep playing.
So in that sense, don't watch for pass.
And don't drive a Lamborghini with your team's logo on it.
Real quick, P.M.
McGuire, you know, he always, like, reports from between the benches.
He claims someone in Vegas was telling Willie to keep it classy,
or real classy.
The guys really say that to each other during a game?
Like, talk about class during a playoff game?
Like, real classy out there?
Like, sarcastic, obviously.
Some of my teammates called me scummer.
Short for scumbag, so I wasn't getting any classy comments.
Yeah, it just seems like a weird thing,
like bringing up fucking cluster on like a
heated battle yeah i mean there's no there's no place for even worrying about it it's like who
this is the playoffs he'll do anything it takes to win i just i just it's crazy how much this guy
gets involved in games i mean he has a goal he has that hit he plays on the top line it's uh
lato is probably going nuts watching that hit I just I
don't I don't want to read online every time there's a hit just painful people chiming in
not one person I'm I still continue to read the timeline not one person's like yeah you know what
he admired his past a little bit hair late let's just move on no everybody wants everybody wants
someone's head on a platter the minute somebody's touched now. Whatever. Give them a game.
I don't give a fuck.
Let's just move on.
Speaking of guys that make an impact physically, Revo, Ryan Eves tonight.
Holy shit.
Have a game for yourself, dude.
I will say, like, we're getting kind of to his, you know, fourth goal in the third period.
Tied up 4-4.
We're getting ahead of ourselves.
That's a penalty. That is
a 100
missed call. Two refs
on the IC and the goal scorer
cross-checked a defenseman in the back
to then bury a loose puck that's right there.
How do you miss that one?
Washington wants to be mad
about anything. I'd be furious.
John Carlson's like, what the fuck? What are you
talking about the guy
just buried me from behind and then he snipes how is that not a penalty yeah i think everyone's
gonna agree with that even if you're a golden knights fan i have no skin in the game i don't
care what you call have i said that yet i have no skin in the game i love it because i just think
of your foreskin it just makes it okay yeah well that's why that's why i say it so much because i have so much loose loose forsy so you do have it yeah i have i have yeah but that's a bad
miscall just for us for three well that changed everything yeah and come on and yeah i mean do
you think that if anything if they were gonna maybe not or maybe if they were gonna send suspend
wilson maybe they won't now based on that
i don't know if shit like that factors in up top it might sound ludicrous to someone listening
but do you think that they factor those things in like ah they got away with one so we got to
give them one back no no i don't think so uh okay i don't i really don't i think i think that during
the game it's crazy to think refs don't have make-up calls.
But in terms of the league office making decisions,
they can't take into effect that Washington got screwed on a goal again
so then they don't suspend a dude.
But they just shouldn't suspend him regardless.
Do you think most hockey fans right now want a suspension on that hit?
Are we just three tough-ass mofos that want it?
I think the majority of the people that have the voice online want him suspended, yes.
Ryan Reeves just chimed in and he said it was a late blindside hit like Wilson always does.
Yeah, I mean.
Reeves was being interviewed after about his goal that I was talking about where he cross-checked Carlson.
And they said, Carlson thinks it was a cross-check.
What do you have to say about that?
He goes, I don't care.
I don't care what he thinks.
It's a goal.
Sick goal.
Like, what a question.
Like, what do you think?
This guy gives a shit Carlson's complaint.
He cross-checked him?
Speaking of actually the fourth-line biz,
I brought him up one of the episodes last week,
how they made some major contributions during the Winnipeg series,
and they were the difference tonight.
They got all three goals in the third period, was scored by that fourth line.
I mean, they've been a huge difference.
And you've got to think, man, if Pittsburgh doesn't trade Reeves,
does that maybe change their season?
Because I think having him in the lineup might have changed the complexion of that Washington series.
Wilson might not be, you know, might've got suspended or might, you know,
might have had somewhat of a deterrent.
It's just interesting now that Reeves is there playing with Flurry and they're
going head to head with the Caps.
Well, it's funny you say that because the same voices online that are bitching
about dirty hits all the time are also the ones that were chiming in when they
picked up Reeves at the deadline and everyone basically saying he was a useless puck bag wasn't
even going to draw on the lineup like get get rid of these these enforcers they're useless and I am
so happy he's having an impact well not only in the the conference finals against Winnipeg, wrapping the series up,
and then scoring in the first game here.
I know it probably should have been a penalty, but whatever.
Yeah, yeah.
And, you know, he can move around a bit.
He's an intimidating factor, and people who don't,
people who never play don't realize that that has
a little bit of a piece of the pie,
where I know if I'm Tom Wilson, you know,
I'm a little bit concerned about it.
You know you got butterflies in your stomach
not knowing what's going to potentially happen.
And Wilson's tough, but I don't think he's in Reeves' category.
Would you say, Biz?
No, I would say Wilson's a heavyweight in Reeves.
Like, Wilson will fight him 100.
Like, I'm not saying in this series he wouldn't regular season,
but I think Reeves is probably going to get the better of him.
Reeves is a super heavyweight. He yeah not like george rock category uh yeah him who else am
i trying to think of who's a pretty tough guy in the league now i mean i i know we just talked
about this but i i have nhl network on i work there i'm watching it right now um they that hit
is not a suspendable hit it's a little late no shoulder to shoulder
dude they can't they cannot suspend him for that it's just it's just he's drawing the attention
because of who he is similar to mashan mashan does something that might happen every game by a
different guy i like lick someone's nose yeah well but they have the spotlight on them so when they
you know when something like that which is, I mean, borderline interference as far as I'm concerned,
a little, half a second late hit
and it becomes this big thing. And
going back to you, Biz, like the Twitter thing,
you're going to hear every possible stupid
fucking opinion possible on Twitter
because everybody has a voice there. You're just
like, you know, there's no
room for subtlety on there. Is that a point? Like
I said before, just make your case and walk
away because, you know, you're not going to go back and forth with someone for 500 words over a
fucking hit rarely can i be bothered arguing about hits because if i would have said that i would say
hey it was a hair late i don't think it's suspendable but i also think you shouldn't
admire your past like that i mean it was it was a split second victim man and then you and you have
and then you have people sending screenshots over because a puck was far away.
It's just like, you know how fast that thing moves?
The guy shot it towards the wall.
Of course it's over there.
Unless you're shooting it.
Yeah.
I mean, I think that the whole premise of that game was just physicality.
It was Vegas came out hard, and that's what it ended up being.
I mean, it was the best game, like I said, I've watched.
And the fact that Vegas came out on top with Fleury not having his best game,
it's just I can't believe it.
Now they have the chance to go up 2-0.
The stat that blew me away, Doc Emmerich said Vegas has scored.
They didn't tonight, but I think it was eight minutes instead of five.
But prior to that, every first game at home in the playoffs playoffs in each round they'd scored in the first five minutes and tonight
they i think it was like the seven minutes in or whatever so they come out flying they come out uh
buzzing and the crowd's buzzing and i want to go to a goddamn game i probably get booed there
people saw me but still it's just i i want to be there just to kind of experience this
it looks in the crowd outside is sick um I I just think that the game Washington had that game and
that was their game to win that's what's frustrating for them right now like you got to look at that
and say that game was for us you know we had a lead beginning of the third period and they let
it go Washington dominated that third period.
They were all over him.
They had that game kind of under wraps
until that cross check in the back.
How good is Kuznetsov, dude?
He's very good.
One thing I'm concerned about moving forward, though,
is I feel like this is going to end in five.
I feel like Vegas, especially...
Are they going to do this again? Dummy them in five?
Man, they just
keep coming at you in waves
and they're so opportunistic.
I don't know. I just feel like
they have that mojo right now and they're
like LA the year they won the cup and
nothing's stopping them.
It's old.
It's old to say, but
the four-line thing.
I mean, the fourth line gets their three goals in the third period.
Are you kidding me?
Like, it's just they're so deep.
I don't even know anything about no-sick.
Guy gets too toxic. And how about Gallant double-shifting that no-sick?
He just had a feeling he was, you know, he had that.
Ride the hot hand.
Ride the hot hand.
And that's how Gallant works.
And I don't think anyone on the team cares they're
like hey as long as we get this thing done he's got his legs tonight throw him out there
yeah and and one other stat that really jumps out at me is 70 well 78.2 percent of game one
winners go on to win the cup that's fucking huge man that's such a huge number that's i mean that's
basically four out of five times so you know you put yourself in the driver's seat right away.
And it's, I mean, it's like you said, wave after wave, man.
They just don't stop coming.
You know, Fleury, it wasn't a perfect game for him,
but I thought he was certainly better than Holpe.
I thought he, you know, made a couple of big saves.
You know, he didn't stop playing.
He had some bad luck, too.
I mean, the two offensive zone breakdowns, guys skated right in on him
with no coverage. There was a couple of tips. I don't think he had a bad luck, too. I mean, the two offensive zone breakdowns, guys skated right in on him with no coverage.
There was a couple of tips.
I don't think he had a bad game, per se.
And it's going to be interesting to see how hope he comes out after getting a five spot in game two, though.
How about in the history of the National Hockey League?
That was the most lead changes in a Stanley Cup final game.
Four lead changes.
So for game one, I mean, that just shows how exciting it was.
It was the perfect beginning of this series.
The crowd.
I mean, I think the viewership's only going to grow.
I think a bunch of people watched tonight,
unless you just smothered from Memorial Day weekend like Grinnelli over here
in the bottom of my screen.
Looks crippled.
But other than that, us guys, you know, we're ready to watch some hockey.
And that did not disappoint.
Not at all, man.
How about Colin Miller, too? What a rocket goal that was. I played with him.
Did you? I won a Calder Cup with Colin
Miller. You won a Calder Cup? I never heard that.
He has a bomb.
He was with...
He was with LA. We traded him
in the Milan-Lucic trade.
Oh, really? Yeah, it was a
three-way trade with San Jose. Did he dominate in the Milan Luchic trade. Oh, really? Yeah, it was a three-way trade with
San Jose. Did he dominate
in the A?
Was it not a three-way trade, Boston, San Jose?
No, Boston got him in the Luchic trade
and then
they traded
Martin Jones separately to
San Jose a couple days later.
Oh, okay. I thought it was involved in the same trade.
Same time. Guys, speaking of other crazy cities,
tonight our guest, Luke Gazdik,
has came over just from a 24-day backpacking trip
around, I think, the Philippines and stuff.
And he was telling me some of the stuff that was going on.
And I think it lapsed Vegas.
I'd rather sleep on R.A.'s couch
than go backpacking in fucking
Prince R.A.
No problem
the bedroom's
usually taken and the reason
why is because that's where guys have to
have our sexual performances
it's also where we have our sexual performance
issues unfortunately
so that's why I want to talk to you about HIMSS.
You know, over 25 of new erectile dysfunction cases are guys under 40.
Yes, it happens when you're under 40, boys.
40 of men under 40 struggle from not being able to get and maintain a full woodrow for the full time.
Even the world's greatest actor can't fake one.
Why do guys go to weird solutions or do nothing when they could turn to medicine and science for hims.com is a one-stop shop for hair loss skin care sexual
illness for men it connects you a real doctors and medical grade solutions to treat erectile
dysfunction there's well-known generic equivalents to name brand prescriptions to help you combat ed
no snake oil pills or gas station counter supplements prescription solutions backed
by science one pill starting with the v just came off patent on december 11th game changers they
call it there's no waiting room no doctor visits no co-pays no lines none of that just go to
forhims.com it's so easy you answer a few questions chat with a doctor for a confidential review and
the products are shipped directly to your door severe ed isn't just an issue for ritual guys and bathtubs it does get guys in their 30s and 40s
and you know what you want to be at your best for your lady in the bedroom no doctors not anymore
it's erectile without the dysfunction hard made easy say hello to your little friend try hymns
for a month today for just five dollars we We'll get you started for just 5
while supplies last. See the website
for full details. This would cost
hundreds if you went to the doctor or a pharmacy.
Go to 4hims.com
slash hockey. That's
F-O-R-H-I-M-S
dot com slash hockey.
4hims.com slash hockey.
Take care of that wrench, his wit says.
Alright, welcome to the show, Luke Gazdik.
How you doing, boys?
Like I said, first-time caller, long-time listener.
Thank you for having me on.
Our pleasure.
It's our pleasure having you on, Gazdy.
How you doing?
It's the wit dog here.
The wit dog.
I had heard so many stories before I moved in with Halsey.
Well, like, I mean, before I got to Edmonton,
I didn't know Halsey that well.
But I played with him there, him and Abby, and I'd only heard stories.
But then I got to meet you there in Boston the one night,
took us out and selfie, and it was a good time, man.
Appreciate you taking us out for dinner that one night.
What a spot that is, that Lincoln Tavern, eh?
Oh!
Oh!
Rock and central.
Boston's a
city and a half now. What, Fizzy?
Did you make him pay the bill?
Oh, actually,
Gazi lost a credit card game and then
the big-time NHLers' card got declined.
So it was a real tough look for the first time I met him,
but we ended up hitting it off anyways.
Yeah, I pulled the old, you know,
the TD didn't know that I was in a different country or something like that.
But it obviously wasn't a good look for the kid.
Yeah, you're like, oh, my card coming,
I thought I was still in Canada.
And then, like, under your breath, you're like,
actually, I have, like, eight bucks in there right now.
It hasn't been a great year.
Yeah, seriously.
Well, guys, I think it's only fair that fourth liners never pay.
And there's actually a story.
Me, Witt, Jordan Stahl, who was with Pittsburgh at the time,
we were at the UMI.
Remember this, Witt?
Yep. And I was a newbie to the nhl and four of us went had sushi and umi surprisingly probably one of the best sushi places
i've ever been to it's still i think my number one best for me and it's where is that is that
it's in pittsburgh it's crazy that would be one of the best sushi places and it was only four of us
and it was like a 700 dinner and and sure
enough they talked me into playing the credit card game i lose it but and then you literally lost it
and then i really lost it uh and then i was a little choked up but jordan stall went right
over to the waitress and gave him his card and came back to the table and i thought i was still
eating it and he's like don't worry bez i got this one and wit just sat there like oh why
didn't you let him pay because he's a piece of crap hey that place that place is so good that
happens all the time man honestly like for as much as like i mean i'll lose every once in a while but
those guys took care like you know who was good was good at that? It was Nooch. Nooch and Hopkins.
I'd lose, and he'd pick it up every now and then.
But, I mean, I'd lose it.
Halsey would love to watch me pay every now and then,
but at the end of the day, those guys were always good to us.
Guys like us, I think they always took care of it. Oh, yeah.
What's taken care of a fair share of meals
they went for me uh yeah because i see you just you disappear it's like i get a phone you get a
phone call and then i'll yeah the old bathroom trick i looked at that one the other day the
old compulsive diarrhea so luke where where are you right now i you want some sort of grand
adventure right now where are we talking to you from? It's called Nobleton, just north of Toronto, west of King City.
It's a small little rural area outside Toronto.
I grew up right in the city.
So when I finally thanked the Edmonton Oilers for a couple of one-ways,
helped pay for this place.
But, I mean, I bought a house just outside the city
to get away from the craziness
a little bit so i still train and you know work out in the city um and go out there every now and
then but um i mean it's probably you know 30 45 minutes door to door into the city so i'm kind of
just out in the boondocks a little bit i got a little uh piece of property here that i hang out
in and um but i i was um i wasn't stocked in but uh I did go on a little bit of a trip
to Southeast Asia so I just got back on Monday
Okay that's what you did
you did a backpacking tour correct?
I did man you know what
I wanted to travel for a bit I went to Europe
a couple summers ago with one of my best buddies
Mike Leambus who's another
pro player as well but
I've always wanted to travel by myself so
in Stockton we actually who's another pro player as well but um i've always wanted to travel by myself so um in stock
and we uh we actually game 68 we uh if we won at home we would have made the playoffs we lost 2-1
at home so we were done april 12th and i was like shit man i gotta i gotta do something so uh flew
back home from um from san francisco to toronto and i booked a flight to bangkok
and uh booked a flight to and from bangkok and i packed a backpack and i uh
jumped ship i i backpacked for 25 days through southeast asia uh by myself uh so that was an
experience and a half i guess what's the craziest thing that happened on that trip?
Honestly, man,
there was just so much shit that happened. I think
on a whole, man, the trip was so cool.
I think that anyone, especially hockey players,
you don't really get the chance
to do shit like that,
to travel and see the world.
So I think
on a whole, man, it's really cool meeting
travelers and i
i really like did the jungle thing i stayed at hostels and um put myself in a you know a tough
spot a couple times there were some grimy greasy places i stayed at but for the most part like
it was cool man you meet people from all walks of life and from all over the world uh
bangkok i think was the craziest
place I've ever been um I flew in there I was there for a couple days were you just chasing
it the entire time you know what I started off pretty hot I was on a heater when I first when
I first got there with a sheet mail yeah a couple lady boys that's honestly that's like that's no joke like no i know my
girls man like it's honestly it's no joke like you you really get there and you're like okay
like it's not actually going to be like that and there are some absolutely gorgeous females
that you would have never thought in your life that That are dudes. I mean. Did you take one for a spin or no?
I wouldn't judge you.
I think you should try everything once.
I remember on the.
Where was I?
Oh shit.
One of the first nights I went there.
I went to a.
It's called a ping pong show.
But.
I know.
It was at a.
You know.
A shemale club.
And it's kind of something that.
People do., travelers do.
If you can put two and two together,
a ping pong show at a shemale club isn't exactly, you know,
a ping pong tournament.
It involves a little more than that.
Hey, I'm going to guess, and you're going to tell me yes or no.
So now I've heard over there that the surgery in order to convert them to lady boys is paid for.
So that's why a lot of them do it.
Now, I don't judge.
I'm very open-minded.
Now, you're telling me that these men now converted to women have small pussies and they're shooting ping pong balls out of their pussies?
converted to women have small pussies and they're shooting ping pong balls out of their pussies i mean i can't confirm or deny that but basically exactly what you said is exactly what i witnessed
with my own eyes and now you can't unsee it are these are these girls doing it because they want
to do it or or is are they being forced into it like i'm very curious as to why this is happening
i don't know the history i don't i mean i don't know the history of it but it is one of the wildest scenes i've ever seen in my life um
it's uh there's some stages there and they're shooting stuff across the stage there's also uh
oh shit there's uh i don't want pita to get involved, but there at one point was some live bird.
They're not going over there to change the rules, man.
That's the shit that they do over there.
Did you say a live bird?
There was some live bird that went out of a place that should never go out of a place that you think of.
What the fuck is going on over there?
It was some scene that i've
never seen in my whole life uh but the whole city of bangkok is it's actually gorgeous man like
there's there's eight nine million people there's a road right downtown it's called kosan road and
it's like legendary for travelers there's like thousands and thousands of people on the street
and it's just so at this show
where they're shoving ping pong balls up their pussies and shooting them at each other
is it mostly tourists watching this yeah for the most part like there's a bunch of like everyone
working is pretty much locals but for the most part it's big groups of travelers that go to
hostels and it's kind of like a bucket list thing that people do so who told you about it you just heard about it or had you researched yeah
before yeah yelp review
just book it before i before i even i'm booking my trip as i speak people are like when you go
to bangkok make sure you got to go to sure you got to go to a ping pong show.
And I was literally thinking, like, am I going to see some, like,
you know, some tournament, some ping pong tournament,
like a Muay Thai, like somewhere everyone goes, some sporting event.
And it was nothing like that.
Yeah, you think Jean-Claude Van Damme is going to pop out
and put his wrist in glass and maybe fuck somebody up for a couple minutes.
But no, you're watching a ping pong show.
Which is
not crazy to think that you're actually
going to watch a ping pong match because they're very good
over there. Oh yeah, Asians are great.
Luke, did you
go to one of those moonlight beach parties
that you always hear about over that neck of the woods?
Yeah, so
I did a tour down the island so
you go uh the south side of thailand it's all like basically these these uh beautiful islands and um
one of them is called kopinyan and kopinyan has called the full moon party and it's uh it's like
world renowned and there's like 40 50 000 people there you go at like two in the morning it's like there's fire shows and that sounds like a big ball of anxiety yeah but the craziest thing was
actually the night before so they had this pre-party on the friday the the full moon party
was on the saturday but on the friday they got this thing called the jungle party and i was like
thinking to myself i'm like there's no way like you're actually going to a freaking jungle.
I thought it was just the name of the bar or something.
But we took a, we were at this hostel called Slumber Party, I think.
And so with all these travelers, right, I was actually, you go three-quarter way across the world to meet people.
And I was with three girls from Calgary, I think.
Three girls from Calgary i think three girls from
calgary two girls from victoria i was like what am i doing here like uh guys any question do they
provide condoms or do you have to pack your own uh trojan magnums and we all know you got a cold
count cock so don't even try to deny it i i i packed a couple on the way there it was actually
yeah yeah i i stocked up a little bit.
And we took a cab.
I want to say we took a cab there, but the taxis, man, it's just a,
it's basically like a truck with no back.
And you just sit on the edges of the truck.
Like there's no, there's absolutely no safety rules whatsoever.
We took a three-mile cab in the jungle.
Yeah, it's basically like the national like the ahl
no it's the sp it's the fucking still playing hockey and you uh you go into the jungle man
and you get dropped off and we walked like a good like three four hundred meters into the jungle
like down through the forest you walk into a huge clearing and there's like 10,
15,000 people in the middle of the jungle just going absolutely like wild.
It's basically like a massive rate,
like makeshift rave in the middle of the jungle.
How many times you fall in love just walking through seeing girls,
you're all wasted and there's, they're all sweaty and all tanned up.
How many times did you see a girl and say, Oh, my God, I don't want to lose her?
Every night, man.
Every night.
I lost my phone in another island called Kopipi.
Kopipi, I think it was.
Yeah, Kopipi.
I lost my phone like eight days into the trip.
So to add on to being by myself for 25 days in Thailand, I lost my phone eight days in.
So then I was really in one.
We went to this jungle party and it started
pissing rain and I thought everyone was going to
shut her down and try to get
cats back to hostels. Everyone just
started raging even harder.
We were in the middle of the jungle with 10,000 people
going absolutely ham
and it's absolutely just pissing
rain everywhere. It was one of the wildest
scenes I've ever seen in my whole life.
Oh, go ahead. Sorry.
I can't wait till training camp.
Like, Luke, how was your summer?
What did you do?
I worked on chipping it off the glass.
I was in the weight room.
I did some boxing.
I roasted a ladyboy in Bangkok, and I started in the handles.
It was a great off-season.
in Bangkok and it was a great off season yeah first month and a half to go figure out what the actual meaning of ladyboys were find my find myself in Southeast
Asia that's about how it went was the first time going on a trip by yourself I
mean pretty much yeah like I've been a couple days you know you go to like I was in Stockton this year I'd rip've been, uh, a couple of days, you know,
you go to like, I was in Stockton this year.
I'd rip up the Napa for a couple of days by myself,
but actually packing a backpack and going and like,
really like putting your balls on the line.
Yeah, that is. I was going to ask you,
have you always been a bit of a free spirit like that?
You know what? I'm pretty good at that. I'm pretty social guy,
but you really have to put yourself out there. Like when you're by yourself, you one of the coolest things, man. You sit down. I'd stay at a hostel. Some were nicer than others, but you literally go down to the common area or to the bar. You have a coffee or a couple beers, whatever.
about that it's called chang so the big beer in thailand is called chang um and it's not regulated by the government of thailand so it can be anywhere from five percent to twelve percent per batch so
you never really know what you're getting is anything regularly wild not really like so you
could have four to six beers and you could feel fine or you could have four to six beers and you could be absolutely like anyone.
Like it was absolutely wild.
This,
this beer Chang,
it's unbelievable.
I want to ask you,
but that was the coolest thing. It's like you,
you sit down and like you meet all these people from like everywhere from
like,
like I said,
from Calgary,
from Holland,
from Australia.
That's where I want to go with the next question is,
and I wanted to ask you,
how many times did you meet someone
where they kind of swayed your trip
where you thought maybe you were going to go somewhere
and they maybe talked you into,
hey, no, we've been to this place.
It was better.
Or, hey, we're headed here.
Okay, I'm going to follow you.
Man, that was literally,
you took the words out of my mouth.
Like that was the coolest part was like,
I didn't have
too much book I had like a rough idea of like places I wanted to go but I'd sit down and they'd
be like oh no like we're going you know we're going here tomorrow we're doing this or we're
flying up here I'd be like all right cool like uh you know as soon as my plans whatever or like
even doing stuff during the day like they'd be like hey we're like we're doing this like all-day snorkeling trip or we're going to hike this viewpoint or like we're you know we're
we're taking a cab into the jungle wherever here and i'd be like yeah sure like let's go you just
kind of gotta like go with the flow which was the coolest part like there's no schedule you just you
meet these cool people like in kotel the first what was the sketchiest part of the trip
man honestly i think uh after i left that full moon party in ko panyan i went to a city called
chiang mai which was uh like northern thailand which is like a beautiful place but um when i
was in ko tal which is an awesome island in the South, um, both bartenders were
Brits.
They were both from, uh, they were both from London and, uh, they had like same thing.
They had gone to travel like 12 months ago and they never, they never went home.
They just, uh, they got their visas.
They fell in love with the Island and they still haven't been back.
Um, and so I was talking to them at the bar.
They're like, Hey, well, you're going to Chiang Mai.
I was like, yeah, they're like, you gotta, you gotta stay at this hospital.
So I was like, okay, cool.
So I jumped on my, I still had my phone at the time and, uh, I jumped on my thing.
I went on Hostel World.
I booked, uh, three nights at the, the hospital they told me to stay at.
So by the time I get to Chiang Mai, I go to this hospital.
It's pissing rain.
I, I checked in and the place is an absolute dump and I'm like holy shit like you know it's it's almost midnight like I I just gotta
roll with it and I get upstairs and even though I stay in the hostels I book a private so I had
like a private room at them but I still had like you know like I could still meet people but I
still had my own room which was like kind of the best of both worlds.
Like an extra eight bucks.
Yeah, exactly.
It's literally like an extra 10 bucks for your own room.
So I'll just do that.
But I freaking walked in this room and it's like an absolute crackdown.
And I'm like, all right, you know what?
Like I played in the National League for four years.
Like this is, this is not happening and uh i remember kicking the trash can
over because i was throwing a receipt in there and roaches start crawling out everywhere and i
look at myself and in it like out loud i literally just go no no i'm not doing it like game over
so i packed a bag i literally walked outside it's still pissing rain and there was a massive hotel like
two blocks down I walked in there and I was just like buddy give me the give me the between you
got and I just I went straight National League that night I had a nice sweet got a nice shower
like stayed there for a couple days so I mean I put my back against the wall a couple times but I
for the most part it wasn't that bad but how long did you go without showering
at like the longest point you know is the ocean a shower yeah no 100 that was perfect i'd say a
couple days i was in the ocean a lot i learned how to surf i went to like i ended up in bali
i was talking to some people so i ended up in bali for
like the last i don't know seven eight days of my trip um but i was in the ocean i'd say maybe a
couple days i i was pretty good at it i you know i i kept pretty clean but i had a massive beard i
didn't shave for a while and i had uh like i had the long hair going massive beard and i just uh
i just rolled with it. Yes.
My assumption is,
is probably the day you lost your phone or,
or shortly thereafter,
you were probably,
there might've been some regret involved,
but once we,
once you let your give a fuck meter just completely go,
you're like,
you know what?
This is a very cool experience because now you're disconnected from the
world and you kind of just embrace the situation you're in.
And then that's when you really started enjoying yourself.
Now, that could just be me thinking or was that an accurate assessment?
No, it's pretty accurate.
The day I lost it, actually, I was at the, shockingly enough, I was at the bar during the afternoon and you can't eat covfefe.
You got a ping pong in the eye and you're like met a nice uh met a nice lady from uh an actual lady from uh san diego she's a little older
uh and and she was uh she was kind of in the same position she had done the same thing she like
wasn't sure you know what she was doing with her with her life and stuff so we had a really good chat and then uh
lost my phone came back down and uh we went i mean looking for it for a bit but i kind of just
you know gave into it i was like you know what it was actually kind of liberating not to be like
i mean i like her and you know instagram and all that stuff but it was kind of liberating to
did you guys go at each other you you and that lady? You know what?
To be honest, we didn't.
But I kind of lost her that night.
That was the only time I saw her.
We were going separate ways.
I was going up north to Chiang Mai the next day,
and she was going south to another island called Krabi.
So I hadn't seen her since then.
We still kept in touch, actually.
What's her name?
Her name was Leah.
And she's a ping pong player.
It was Liam and then she lost the M.
Honestly, it's like super liberating for once in a while just to like get away with that shit for a second
like I think it's very
similar to my situation in Edmonton
when I had my phone stolen
and the first day you used social media
to get your phone back well I never
got it back very similar
very similar but
well I was going to
explain the situation as I had my phone stolen and
and by day three it was nice it was like no one can get a hold of me i you know i was all of a
sudden starting to live we're always glued to our phones and and yeah day three and four were
amazing then we got back to scottsdale and i and i obviously went and got a new one but
it's a nice feeling sometimes so So, Lou, you mentioned
Yeah, it wasn't bad.
You mentioned Bali, Bangkok.
What other spots did you hit?
I mean, there's so many countries with different, like, cultures and histories there.
It's so interesting.
What other spots did you catch?
That was it.
I did 25 days.
I think I was in Thailand for  I want to say  fuck, man, I haven't gone to school in a while.
I think the math was seven i
think that's called ct and then did uh eight eight days in ball ball was like one of the coolest
places i've ever been in my life man like if anyone has the chance to ever travel there it's
it's phenomenal um i think i didn't actually realize coming from Toronto how far away this shit actually was it was a 17 hour flight, well to go home
it was Bali to Bangkok
was 5 hours
and then I flew Bangkok
to Taipei, that was 4 hours
and then it was a 17 hour flight
home from Taipei
I got on the flight on the way there
and I didn't realize how far this shit actually was
away
but it was a good, like, you know, 24,
25 hour travel day with a 13 hour time change. So I was still, um,
I was still getting used to the time change when I first got back. But, um,
yeah, I think I didn't actually realize how far the shit actually was away,
but Bali is like one of the most gorgeous places I've ever been.
Then there's beaches. And then we went into the jungle uh i did a ton of cool shit they got elephant sanctuaries
there they got monkey sanctuaries i climbed up an active volcano at like three in the morning
took us like four hours went up watched the sunrise it was learn how to surf for the first
time like we went surfing with uh this balinese dude got me to surf for like three hours.
Any drugs?
They got weed over there?
They got weed there?
Man,
it's crazy.
Uh,
you can get,
you can get more jail time from,
uh,
like dealing or smoking weed than,
well,
mostly like people that deal weed.
You can get more jail time.
Than chopping off your dick and spraying print pong balls over it.
Like you get, if you're a weed
dealer you get more jail time for that than actual like murder it's uh it's so weird that that you
can't smoke weed but you can everything else goes yeah they uh you know what they uh actually when
i was in highland the military comes and raids the whole place like every six months or something like that.
So before I got there,
like five days before I got there,
they literally,
the military comes and raids
and they take everything.
I'm sure you've probably heard of like,
they got, you know,
they got like shroom shakes
and all these crazy like drugs they do.
But when I was there,
there's not much, man.
You don't really,
no one's really like into it that crazy.
It's just,
you literally just drink these Chang beers and everyone goes out and has a good time but it wasn't uh it wasn't crazy in that sense so so you're known i mean you're like most tough guys
in sense one of the nicest guys off the ice any moments on this trip when you had to just dummy
someone or consider dummying someone?
Man, I thought about it.
Actually, like I, I got along with most people for the most part.
Like I actually got along with, I mean,
it sounds funny, but I got, I got along with girls more.
Oh yeah.
Shocker.
You know, like exactly.
Shocker.
Like, but you, like you get talking to guys, right. And then you drop like the hockey bomb or whatever. They're like, Hey, give. Shocker. You get talking to guys, right?
And then you drop the hockey bomb or whatever.
They're like, hey, give me your Instagram.
And then I got a couple Instagram followers, right? And they kind of get their guard up a little bit.
They kind of do the tough guy thing.
And they try to put their shield up or whatever.
But for the most people...
Because you're crushing their old lady in the
fucking uh rainforest no mike most people were were good guys honestly i met so many people
witty you'll love this actually with that same island hotel when i was in i was sitting at the
at the bar that little shocker i was sitting at the bar again there was this bar right on the
beach called fishbowl and the i was sitting there i had a couple chains and me and the guy
sits up next to me and he says where are you he goes where are you from buddy and i go i'm in my
head i'm like witty oh my god this guy's from out like he's from he's got to be from edmonton he's
from alberta 100 oh my god and and and he goes he goes oh yeah i'm from grand prairie i'm like oh god
so like here we go like super nice guy but here we are like three quarter way across the world
and i'm having like the tsn 1050 talk about like the oilers before and like what's wrong with like
mcdavid and like all this shit like threequarter way across the world. I'm like, buddy, this is the last thing I want to do.
And it's talked about Oilers hockey right now in Koh Tao, Thailand.
You're like, dude, what made you move here from Edmonton?
Oh, well, fuck, they traded Vishnovsky for Whitney,
and I just booked the first fucking flight out of this goddamn country.
You're like, that motherfucker made me move to see these ping-pongs
coming out of hoops all night.
This guy was like with his cousin.
I thought he was on his girlfriend, but he was his cousin.
And then she gets going on about the flames
and the whole battle of Alberta.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
In Thailand, these people are talking about flames, Edmonton?
Man, I was literally sitting at the bar, and this guy was like,
and then, you know what, I get a couple of these chants from you, right?
And then I mention that I played for the Oilers,
and I, like, drop the name or whatever.
And then before you know it, here we go.
This guy's, like, on FaceTime.
The girl asked me if I could get Jordan Eberle on FaceTime.
Oh, my God.
You're like, I lost my phone in Taiwan. Can you could get Jordan Eberle on FaceTime. Oh, my God. You're like, I lost my phone in Taiwan.
Can you FaceTime Jordan Eberle?
I'm like, no.
He doesn't want to be on FaceTime right now with two people from Grand Prairie.
But it was just like, it was so Edmonton, you know?
Hey, answer this honestly.
How many times did you have to try to drop the hockey bomb because you were going on a bit of a cold streak during the trip?
how many times would you have to try to drop the hockey bomb? Cause you're going on a bit of a cold streak during the trip.
You know,
maybe a silence.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Follow me on Instagram.
Cause you're verified.
Cause you got the team to do it for you.
If there was a good looking chick,
I remember I met this,
I met,
I met this girl from Winnipeg and we were kind of skirting around it.
And I was like, oh, yeah, are you going out tonight or something?
Give me your Instagram.
And then I kind of dropped it in that sense.
Nice.
Dude, are you sure this trip wasn't in Saskatchewan?
Honestly, man.
It was wild.
It was stampede last summer.
Literally three-quarter way across the world,
I go to meet, you know, travelers and locals,
and you end up meeting people from, like, Sherwood Park, Alberta,
and St. Albert, Alberta, and Winnipeg, and Flin Flon,
and, like, I'm like, what's going on here?
How many notches no comment
you got a girl
no I don't
how many make out notches
yeah maybe I had a couple
make outs here and there
I was dying because
the hostel and co-to too same on that same page the two
the two girls that um that we were sitting at the bar with were x-ray techs from uh the saddle
dome they do the x-rays at for flames games and i'm like like what's going on here? Like Canadian sex.
GM meetings in Taiwan.
Yeah.
I don't,
I didn't even know what was going on.
Like that's,
you know, that's a long way to go.
And you mentioned like,
you know,
you're probably looking maybe internally upon yourself.
Did you like,
like find what you're looking for there?
Did you have any sort of epiphany or moment or did it,
or was it strictly travel?
Uh,
you know,
I think a vacation by yourself is fun, but going going that far it feels like you might have been like
kind of searching for something maybe more internally is that he's cutting his wrench off
as we do this yeah no like that's kind of what i was thinking like i had a you know i thought i'd
probably be in the national league this year and it didn't it didn't work out in calgary with the
flames i ended up in stockton which is is a different story in and of itself.
Stockton, it's a tough place to play.
So it was my first full year in the minors in four years, basically.
I was in them in two or three years,
then up and down with Jersey last year.
So I kind of left and I was like, shit.
I mean, I played my 500th pro game this year. Um, I was kind of trying to figure out.
Oh, thanks boys. Um, and I was kind of trying to figure out like, you know,
where do I want to go with this? You know, it was my ninth year pro.
I'm like, how, how much longer do I want to keep doing this?
And do I want to get into coaching? Do I want to,
do I want to try doing something different? So I kind of went there.
I started journaling a little bit, you know, like you write down what I'm thinking.
Good for you.
I don't think I got like a clear, like, not like a completely clear epiphany or vision of what I wanted to do.
But I think I cleared a couple things up.
And it was just cool to like everyone that i talked to is basically like it was
the same story but in in a couple different aspects like everyone's either like quit their job or just
graduated or trying to figure out what they would do so everyone's kind of in the same boat so it
was cool talking to people from from all different like from all different places and and parts of
life so it was cool getting perspectives on people and,
and what they were thinking.
And like I said,
I don't think I got a clear perception on,
you know,
what exactly,
you know,
I want to do,
but it was,
it was definitely cool to kind of just find yourself for,
for a bit and get away from,
you know,
civilization and the hockey world,
which we all,
we all know can be crazy. Right. Well, speaking and the hockey world, which we all know can be crazy, right?
Well, speaking of the hockey world,
this is right after Game 1 of the Cup Finals,
and you briefly said something quick before we started recording.
Did you catch the game tonight?
Any thoughts on the Tom Wilson hit from a guy
who's run a lot of people over himself?
You know what, Tommy?
I've trained with Tommy.
You've trained with him?
Yeah, at BioSteel
I believe you're a
BioSteel Cup
champ?
BioSteel Cup champ
But you train with Matty Nickel and you're around
Wilson all the time
Yeah, I train with Matty for the last
couple years and me and Tommy train together
and skate together every day so obviously i have a i have a soft spot a bit of a bit of a bias for
tommy but in saying that i mean i fought him last year two years ago and he was with wash i was at
jersey he ran over uh johnny moore and um i remember looking over at the bench at tommy and i just
i i kind of mouthed to him i said you know we know, we got to go, right? And he said, yeah. So we actually had a good scrap.
But I mean, that's Tommy's game, right?
He's a bit of a wild card.
He's a bit of a wagon as we like to call him.
But I mean, I saw the hit tonight.
I probably have to watch it again,
but maybe a bit late, a bit of a blind side but we'll see what happens um we'll
see what happens from there but um i definitely like i have a soft spot for tommy and i know how
his mind goes and i know i know what he's thinking but uh he is a bit of a wild card out there so
i i think um maybe it wasn't uh wasn't the greatest hit,
but I think that's just his emotion there.
You pulling for anybody in particular in the series, Luke?
You know what?
I got, like, the guys I train with,
there's actually three of them on WASH.
Devontae Smith-Palley, Brett Connolly, and Willie all train with me.
We all train together in the summer.
So I'd love to see, I think I'd love to see Walsh pull it off.
I like Ovi.
I think he's earned it.
I think he's really crushed it the last couple of years,
and he's playing unreal.
So the Vegas story is really cool, as we all know that,
especially with the tragedy at the beginning of the year.
So I think it'd be cool to see Vegas win it, but, um, I think I'm, I'm, I'm pulling for loss. I think that'd be, uh, that'd be a cool story as well.
And obviously there'd be a couple of Stanley cup parties back in Toronto that
I'd get to, uh, tag along at,
and I'd sure the cup would be rolling around downtown on King street,
Toronto somewhere. So that, that'd be, uh, that'd be a plus for me so i think uh i think
wash would be a cool story for me guys um well you talked about people going on those types of trips
to have the epiphany and now i'm going to transition away from hockey again have you given it a lot of
thought about maybe what you want to do after and does it kind of scare the shit out of you and you
might want to keep playing for a few more years, but, you know,
eventually it's, it comes to an end and, and, you know, that, I mean,
it's, it scared me. I don't know if how, how wet you were about it, but.
I was so rich. I wasn't scared of shit.
Oh, yes.
No, you know, like I, I, I mean, I've had a,
I don't want to say I've had a good run at 28. I'll be 29 this summer.
It does, right?
Like, you think about that shit all the time, Biz.
But, I mean, I think I'd probably want to stay in the game.
I didn't go to college, obviously, so there's nothing on that side that I could probably do unless I went back to school,
which is the farthest thing from my mind.
School's an absolute nightmare.
So, I think I'd probably want to stay in the game.
I love teaching the game, and I love, like, even playing in Stockton this year,
which wasn't the greatest place to play.
We had a younger team.
I was the second oldest guy on my team at 28.
My captain, Rod Pally, was 31, 32.
I don't know if you guys know him, but he's one of the best guys.
I've heard great things about him.
Heard great things about him.
Man, he's the salt of the earth.
He was my captain in Albany the year before,
captain in Stockton this year.
But I was the second oldest guy on my team at 28.
I think me and Dalton Prout were,
we had an absolute wagon of a team, by the way.
I think at one point we were addressing me, Dalton Prout,
Tanner Glass, like just an absolute, you know that Pacific Division biz, hey?
It's an absolute
Oh, my first  we won the Calder Cup in 2015, not a big deal.
And the next year, they want to start this Pacific Division
with all these Western teams, unreal cities.
So LA moves their team to Ontario, California,
like an hour outside of Hollywood.
And I sign, and then all of a sudden sudden San Diego signs Brian McGratton and then all of a sudden Stockton or where were you Bakersfield
I was in Bakal for like a couple games uh two years ago when I've been sent me down but I was
in Stockton this year right but well I mean yeah at the time you were in Bakersfield and then oh
at the time oh yeah when I played you in Ontario. Colton Orr was in Stockton.
Who else?
What other meatballs were there in that division?
Oh, man.
Oh, Brian.
Was it Brian Bickle?
No, Stu Bickle.
Stu Bickle.
But it was just mutants everywhere, and I'd sign there,
and I thought I was going to be able to go out west,
work on my tan,
just cruise around, play that.
Get bubble notches.
A couple of bubble notches up and down the ice, just collect paychecks.
And all of a sudden, they sign all these mutants,
and I'm getting my face caved in every week.
Oh, one of the DeLon boys was out there in San Jose.
Yeah, he was in San Jose.
I mean, it's an absolute sideshow, man.
We play Ontario, San Diego.
It was like every faceoff.
I mean, every puck stop.
It was like UFC fight.
It's the Iron League.
It's the Iron League.
It is the Iron League.
Played right into my hand.
A lot of fights?
Nah.
No, but I've been thinking about it more, right?
I think I've had a good ride.
I think I've still got a couple years left in me i'd love to i mean play a couple national league games you know a couple
more at some point i don't i don't know if that's gonna happen but um i mean i i'd love to get into
coaching at some point or do something in that sense or like even what you guys are doing is
is unreal like i i love listening to the show and, and there's the,
uh,
the,
uh,
documentary you did,
I think was,
was great.
And you're getting,
that's right.
Flurry didn't watch it.
I don't think Flurry was a fan of it,
but I appreciate the compliment.
The,
he's fucking too focused on trying to win a cup.
What a loser.
I think,
I think like the broadcasting side too,
what you're doing is awesome.
I think like the tough guys,
like,
like,
uh, like you and I, I think we do so well at that.
I think you do so well at that because I think we spend so much time
watching the game more than playing it.
I agree.
I agree.
It's funny how tough guys
Where I'm like, hey, fuck it.
I had the best team in the house.
The backup goalies, stuff like that.
These guys that spend more time watching the game than they did playing it
have a lot of good analysis and mindsets on it
that I think maybe that's something that I'd obviously look into.
But I think I've still got a couple of years left in the tank,
and I'll go from there.
It's just see what happens here in the summer maybe back to Stockton or
back in the jungle
in some city I'm just not really sure
we'll see how the summer plays out
definitely keep us posted
Luke and we just want to again thank you
very much for joining us on extremely
short notice it's been great
talking about your backpacking trip I
found that very interesting
keeping us up to speed
any other things you want to like promote
or get out there or just
no really
I think one thing that
you never asked me what the first goal
that's all I wanted to talk about too
oh shit we got to get into this story
so I mean I had a pretty cool
first goal I scored
on carry price not a big deal but Luke Gazik had a pretty cool first goal. I scored on Carey Price, not a big deal.
But Luke Gazik has probably the coolest first goal stories of all time.
Well, all right.
I don't know if you know this, but first fastest goal scored by a player playing in his first game was the record was uh mario lemieux he had 15 seconds
and um i'd played in the minors for four years without a call up to dallas i was in austin texas
for four years going back for for a fifth year i mean i went to training camp i played against
edmonton my last preseason game uh they had a big mac there witty you played
with with uh mcintyre hey yeah he wants me dead he uh i remember like flying over from i think
we were playing in oklahoma city like his last preseason game i was shitting my pants the whole
flight and went out there i asked him to fight he said no and then uh he went
out and he tried to hit me and he tore his knee and i was playing with dallas and then i ended up
scoring that pre-season game and on the flight they told me i got the meeting with jim nila next
morning um go in there and obviously i mean get sent down for a fifth year in a row still hasn't played the show
uh don't clear through waivers though mac t calls me says you're gonna you know you're coming to
play uh tuesday night hockey night in canada your uh first nhl game so i said all right unreal so i
fly from austin to edmonton um get there practice and then uh yeah first uh first game uh obviously sold out crowd get my
moms out there my brother my sister and uh dallas eakins calls calls my line and i get out there
it's a bit of a short uh short whistle there's an icing and then we have an offensive zone draw i
think he's going to take us off and leave us on.
And Willie Acton won the draw right behind him,
put the puck on my backhand, threw it on net, puck goes in.
So it was first game, first shift, first shot, first goal.
And they told me after they took the puck, brought it to the Hall of Fame
because it was 14 seconds.
No shit. I didn't know this.
So you broke Mario Lemieux.
Yeah, so Mario Lemieux was 15 seconds the fastest player
to score in his first NHL game, and I broke it.
It was 14 seconds.
So I still hold the record.
That's fucking phenomenal.
Fastest goal scored by a player playing his first game.
Yeah, 14 seconds.
That's pretty sick to have an NHL record
of being such a fucking plug peasant like you, man.
That's amazing.
I got a puck here.
I got it up on the mantle, but it's a replica
because they took the original.
So I can take that for 14 seconds.
I don't know if that's going to get touched for a while, too.
I'm knocking on wood right now
because probably some kid, I don't know,
might be at some point.
I mean, eventually it's going to get broken.
There's some kid in Thailand right now that's like,
I'm going to break that guy's record.
And Lemieux's goal, too.
He put Ray Bork on a poster on his first goal, too.
Hey, Gazi, you must have had a ton of energy in that first game.
Must have had a lot of ego energy.
Ego energy started as a great idea.
Take all the benefits of an energy drink and remove the negatives to create an innovative product that delivers caffeine faster without any calories or sugar.
What is it, you ask, Azzy?
Eagle Energy is a caffeine inhaler made of all natural plant-based ingredients providing the user with a natural energy boost via inhalation.
What's in it, you ask, Azzy?
Guarana, ginseng, and taurine.
All those things you find in Thailand.
The guarana fruit packs twice the concentration of caffeine than a coffee bean.
Also other things you'll find in Thailand.
Enhances energy levels, mood mood and reaction time probably enough reaction
time for you to fucking not lose your cell phone over in thailand tell me more gazzy each eagle
contains approximately 400 inhalations it can last a day or a week you're in control the suggested
serving size to provide a fast acting energy boost is 25 consecutive inhalations. When you inhale caffeine,
it metabolizes rapidly. Who wants to wait 30 minutes with zero sugar and zero nicotine,
difficult to find a healthier way of getting your energy boost. Eagle energy is a perfect,
is perfect for someone who is always on the go, whether you're studying or on a long trip, partying,
or even on the ski hill.
Eagle energy is always within reach.
You're welcome, guys.
Once again, huge thanks for Luke Gazdik for coming on short notice.
I thought it was a great interview.
A little something different from hockey,
just to show you a little slice of life with these guys doing the offseason
and, you know, a trip to Southeast Asia is certainly worthy of talking about.
What did you guys do for the weekend?
Anything Memorial Day?
Just golf wits?
Yeah, so, guys, I had my member.
Remember I told you about?
Oh, yeah.
You got to win five matches in four days.
Toughest tournament to win at Wollaston Golf Club.
I've won it before.
Not a big deal.
But listen, me and my buddy, Mike Riley, we went on a run.
We won the first four in the finals today for 16 grand.
And we fucking lost.
No.
I know, dude.
I sucked.
I was not good.
Oh, it was your fault?
The guys we played against, I'm not going to say their name because I'm a miserable fuck,
but congrats to them.
You know, one of the guys, 10 handicap, was probably 3 or 4 over through 15.
He played phenomenal golf.
They deserved it.
I didn't play my best.
It was funny, though.
The second round dude, my buddy,iles m riles bro on twitter check
this clown out he he canned a 50 foot pot dude on the 18th hole to send us to a playoff whoa
you guys went to a playoff dude we went down the first hole in the playoff and um and got it done
so that was the most exciting time but we won four in a row we were four and one but lost your big one so i actually got that they give you a vase you know big wallace the cup
runner up and i threw it in the trash and some guys like are you kidding me that was a nice
vase i go if you like it so much you get it i don't keep you're the kid at world juniors who
chucks his metal yeah yandel yandel sent me a video he goes this is you i said well listen if right if rider
if my son rider at some point brings home a second place vase and tries putting on the mantle i've
failed as a father so right get the job done well here's a question for you wit is i know that you
have a boatload of money but i don't know if your buddy does does it ever happen where people are
like hey listen we don't know who's gonna win but let's split the prize money right off the start. And then the winner still gets bragging
rights. No, cause how it works is, um, so there's an auction for the teams and there's 32 teams in
the flood in the, in the tournament. So each team goes from like 700 to 1300 bucks. So there ends up
being, you know, close to 32 grand in there. And the winning team gets 55
of that. And what you do is when the teams are at auction, usually you buy your own team. But
some guys who don't want to buy their own team because they don't want to spend 1,200, they'll
let somebody else buy their team and they can always buy half. It's a little confusing. But
basically, you couldn't even do that before the match because we still made money.
We still made 30 of the 32,000 or whatever it is.
So we still got paid, but it's more about getting your name up on the wall.
I'm more about the win.
So that's what really sucks.
You're worth probably 12 sheets.
Boys, Mikey Grinelli was awful quiet tonight.
He sounds a little bit rough.
Mikey, you were down in Nantucket at the old Fagawi weekend.
You nursing out, hang over there or what, buddy?
You with us?
He was hanging out with a bunch of NHLers.
He was probably trying to keep up.
Scraps, picking up scraps.
No, I think they were trying to keep up with me.
Oh, wow.
Who was holding?
No, it was a good weekend, though.
Fagawi's the best.
You guys know.
It's the best weekend ever.
I fell in love like 20 times.
It is a block.
For those listeners who aren't familiar, Dan Tucker, that's part of Massachusetts, a small island off Cape Cod.
And they have an annual Memorial Day yacht race, the Fugawi, it's called.
But it's just a reason to go there and get shit-faced.
And it's a great time.
And our boy Grinelli went there, and he's still paying the fiddler for dancing all weekend.
No, I feel like a million bucks. I'm on top
of the world right now. I fell in love a million times.
The women look beautiful.
Oh, every Snapchat
or Instagram for us. You know why this
thing's called Fugawi?
What's that? You know why this thing's called
Fugawi? No.
Apparently, like, it's like a sailing
race. Now it's just a complete bender for three
days but there is like a sailing race and like one of the sailors was like lost and was like
where the fagawi isn't that true grinelli yeah it's something like that it's something ridiculous
like that i think that's up to a little amorello leaving a stick at the counter i might be in a
wives tale yeah either way that's a true story all right oh hey by the way hey wait guys i have
a question guy telling us that our stories are false jesus actually you guys said it was might
have wits was the one who said it might be you know wives tale not me brother i wouldn't question
yeah he just hopped on it fuck you all right just want to mention you know that time of year you
know you might be chasing your team going to fly out to see them play or like wit dog you've been
chasing the wrong side of too many games and you can't catch a puck line to save your life either way you need a
little bit of cabbage to get things going our sponsor upstart can get your finances back in
the game upstart offers personal loans but they're not like the ones your bank or your credit union
provides that's because upstart goes beyond the traditional fico score when assessing your
credit worthiness they don't screw you like those other guys do. They actually reward you based on your education and your job history
in the form of a smarter interest rate. Two minutes is all it takes to go online and find
your upstart rate. If your finances are shorthanded, you have to check them out. An upstart rate check
is free and it won't affect your credit. It's a no-brainer. The best part, once your loan is
approved, the funds will be transferred to you the very next business day. The next day. Even the mob didn't do that back in the day.
Over 100,000 people have used Upstart to pay off credit cards, fund their webinars, simply to make
a large purchase. Now it's your turn. Don't get caught out of the net when it comes to your
finances. Hurry to upstart.com slash chicklets, that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S
to find out how low your upstart rate is.
Checking your rate only takes two minutes
and it won't affect your credit.
Again, do it.
Why not?
Can't hurt.
That's upstart.com slash chicklets.
Loans are offered by Cross River Bank,
a New Jersey state-chatted commercial bank.
Restrictions apply.
Apply for details.
Visit upstart.com slash chicklets.
What else we got, boys?
Anything to close out the floor?
I'm going to sleep.
I'm going to sleep, boys.
I'm pretty dumb when it comes to just blurting shit out.
And I got a few different scenarios.
Last summer, I saw this guy I used to train with.
And he was dating some girl who clearly looked a little bit older.
And I was walking by.
And I'm like, oh, like oh hey man what's going on
like oh hey is this your mom and he's like no my girlfriend and i'm like oh fuck so we this is when
me and posh were going to get gear while we were filming this project and we walk away and posh is
like he lost it because he doesn't care he's not the one and i'm like fuck dude i'm like i really
fucked that one up he goes man that was probably the most uncomfortable I've ever been in my life.
And I said, oh, really?
I said, I got one worse than that.
And I don't know if I told this story on the podcast before.
Are you pregnant?
What's that?
Did you ask a woman if she was pregnant?
You guys can judge.
I think it's worse than that.
So I went back home one Christmas.
And we all go to the bars at Christmas time.
And this is when I was playing in the American League.
And I ended up picking up a girl, and we couldn't flag down a cab.
And we were in St. Catharines, about 15 minutes from my house.
Dude, I never heard this until KFC Radio.
This is unbelievable.
I was crying laughing.
So a cruiser pulls up, and he's like, hey, what's up, Biz Nasty?
And I'm like, oh, hey, man, what's going on?
He goes, hey, you don't know me.
I'm from Welland.
I'm a cop there and I'm just patrolling this area tonight.
But what's up?
And I'm like, oh, nothing, man.
We're just waiting for a cab.
We can't find one.
He goes, I'll hop in.
I'll give you a ride.
So me and the girl hop in the back of this cruiser.
And keep in mind, I'm fucking wasted.
We're just like shooting the shit about Welland.
And he goes, oh, yeah you know uh such and such and this is a girl that i used to like 69 with back in like
grade seven and she was in grade eight at the time i think she was supposed to be in grade nine got
held back here seven dude yeah you know i was i was shooting hockey pucks and like trying to get
myself hard yeah i was shooting loads and uh so he asked me hey do you know
such and such and i'm like oh yeah man i used to fucking finger in 69 all the time back in the day
when like when i was back when i was 12 he was like oh he's like oh cool well like we're getting
married we're having our first kids and i was like what the fuck have I just done?
You're such a moron.
He brings that random girl up.
Obviously, there's some connection in you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was a bozo move.
And I look over at the girl and she's morified.
Morified?
At this point, if I could.
Is it morified?
Is that the word?
Mortified. You're missing a T word mortified oh whatever fuck you guys um
if i could have opened that back door i would have done that and rolled out of the car but i
couldn't because it was a cruiser right so i was i was pretty much fucked for the rest of the 15 or
10 minute ride yeah boys at least that went away the guy probably knew his girl like if his sister
was getting 69 at like like, 12 years old,
you're probably used to it by now.
But you never just, like, want to tell a girl, like, are you pregnant?
That's just always bad.
Hey, one thing, dude, shout out to Luke, right?
Going away by yourself, it might be one of the most underrated things.
Insane.
I think it's the most psychotic, fucked up thing I would never do.
No, it's awesome, dude.
I went to Key West by myself, and, like, fat broads and mopeds and hookers. Oh, my. Fat broads and hookers and mopeds. Oh, dude. I went to Key West by myself and like fat broads and mopeds and hook is oh my.
Fat broads and hook is and mopeds oh my.
Dude, I was single at the time.
Dude, it's the best time.
You'll be holding to nobody, no schedule, no nothing.
You just go wherever you are as you please.
Like you said, no phone.
It's so liberating.
I highly recommend it.
I feel like it's a little bit more socially acceptable doing it if we went overseas.
I can't do it anywhere in North America.
You could.
I can't.
I don't want to.
I'm not going on a trip by myself.
I think if you do it anywhere, you're a sicko.
I love the move.
I think it takes a lot of balls in a different type of person.
I've had other buddies who have done it, and it's been life-changing for them.
So I wish the best to Gazi.
Yeah, and especially, yeah, you can really have a moment with yourself.
I mean, of course, if you take some, you know, nice eel or mushrooms or something.
I'm not implying he did, but you can really have a moment, like, with nature or yourself,
and you might, like, get some revelation you didn't know before.
So shout-out to Solo Vacations and Hallucinogen. All rightogen all right everybody have a good one we'll talk to you later in the
peace out listeners i love you all oh subscribe don't you have to subscribe Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, oh, oh, oh
