Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing, but there's a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event,
whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour shopping for the perfect gift or searching for a
last minute deal for your favorite NHL team
at the playoffs. SeatGeek
helps find the best seats at the best prices
fully guaranteed. Nothing beats
being there in person for the biggest plays of the year
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for
a great value. I personally,
Rare Admiral, have the SeatGeek app on my phone.
No BS. It's by far the best
and the easiest way I found to shop for tickets.
I can be anywhere. A few taps,
instantly find the seats. I just used
it to get my tickets to Mean Girls when I was down
in Barstool headquarters two weeks ago. We were doing
a little PR stuff there. Had a
great seat, second row. SeatGeek
was fantastic. I have no problems
with the service. It was so easy to use.
I personally recommend it myself. It's
designed to make your ticket buying experience
easier than ever, and that's exactly what it does.
Saves you time and money. Searches all these
sites. Finds the best prices. You get
the most bang for your buck. They grade every ticket
so you know if you're getting value or not.
If you don't want to pay that much, bing, you just go
back a little further. Every purchase is
fully guaranteed. You shop for tickets on SeatGeek
with confidence. Make SeatGeek
your go-to app for finding the best deals on
every type of ticket from sports and concerts
to comedy and theater.
Best of all, Spittin' Chicklets
listeners get 20 off their first
SeatGeek purchase. That's a big deal.
Just download the SeatGeek
app and enter the promo code Hockey
today. That's promo code Hockey
for 20 off your first SeatGeek
purchase. SeatGeek. Right, right now, right from your phone. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode Alexander Mogilev,
of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Bosco Sports,
one of the best Russians ever, by the way. 1.04
points per game. Mike Comrie,
Mike Comrie, Mike Comrie. This is
what up, what up. There's Ryan
Whitney checking in from Lord knows where.
Say what's up. Paul Bissonnette, where are you?
I am in the car, boys, so
my audio is not great. Driving to
Vancouver from Arizona.
Quick Alexander Mogilny story.
He got sent down by Lou
Lamarillo from New Jersey Devils
to the Albany River Rats when I was
in the American Hockey League.
We were talking to other guys on the team
about, you know, I go out to play
with Alexander Mogilny. The guy's a legend.
Like you just said, over a point a game
in his NHL career.
Apparently, he was going between there,
New Jersey and Albany.
He went into the coach's office and said, hey hey how much is the fine if you miss practice and the coach said 150 bucks so he
did the math wrote him a check for like 14 grand and put it on his desk true story boys and he
would go in for games and he'd sleep in the hotel if they had like a back-to-back or home and he was
filthy that's i mean that's a and he was filthy. I think people forget
he defected back in a time when
players didn't defect. Very few guys had.
The Russians still had a stigma.
The Cold War hadn't ended. The Berlin Wall
was still up. It was such a
scary time for a guy to do that.
For him to do it and to succeed at the level
he did, man. Fucking hats off to him.
What's up? Mikey Granato. What's up, to him what's up mikey what's up brother what's up boys so guys um listen for all the audio people out there
my audio sucks right now because my uh jeff bezos is that the amazon guy's name that guy's a piece
of shit because i ordered a cord that goes into my Yeti microphone that Grinelli bought me, and it's not here yet.
So I'm still on my computer.
I have my computer like three inches away from my face.
So for all the audio people out there chirping me, get over it.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to try to fix it as quickly as I can.
Alexander Mogilny, on the other hand,
had no business ever playing for a goddamn team named the river rats because that is
a joke that guy is a hall of fame legend i believe i believe he was on a world junior line for russia
whatever with pavel beret and sergey fedorov yeah i mean are you fucking kidding me can you
can you fucking imagine i'm crossing over trying not to pivot with Mogilny bombing down the wing,
dishing it to Fedorov who kicks it over to Bure.
I had bad ankles trying to deal with people in practice.
I would have snapped my knee, my ankle, my hip, my shoulder blade,
even trying to turn with one of those guys.
And I played the World Juniors.
I was in the same tournament as a line like that.
What a joke.
I didn't even know that. R.A. knew that.
That's his era.
Yeah, it really was, man. Like I said, he was
on a bad Buffalo team for years, and then
they finally started getting good. He went to Vancouver.
They did nothing for years. He went like
six seasons between playoff games, and
then he got traded to the Devils for the 2000
Cup run. He won the Cup then, played
in the Cup the following year, 2001,
which Ray Bork won.
They beat the Devils that year.
Then, you know, injuries, whatever age took its toll.
But definitely, probably, I would say, you know,
we always talk about Kovalev and, you know,
fucking Datsuk and Fedorov.
But I think McGillney's definitely in that conversation as well.
Guys, in the American League?
Kovalev is not in that conversation.
Okay, I defer to you
they were terrible at the time this guy would be dancing our whole team and like setting guys up
for the river at back door they'd be whiffing on back door tap-ins like he'd go back to events
like kind of like shaking his head like where the fuck am i albany new york hey imagine like
hearing him on the phone on the back of the bus and he's like,
with a rat bull.
The guy's just like, oh, shit.
Oh, no, no. I don't think he had to play
away again. Just home games.
Oh, my God.
I hope he's fucking fine instead of getting on a bus
to Binghamton.
Yeah.
Guys, we got a series
on our hand.
Good. I thought that Yeah. Fuck. What's these boys? Guys, we got a series on our hand.
Good dope.
I thought that Alexander Ovechkin,
that was one of the best games I've ever seen him play in game two.
And, like, he was so involved.
He was running guys over, blocked that one shot,
and then, like, cleared it out of the zone,
crushed someone in the middle. I can't remember who, I can't remember who it is.
I just drove six hours home from NHL network,
sitting in traffic the whole time.
State of Connecticut fucking sucks.
But other than that,
what did you think of the game?
I mean,
I just Latin along with the save.
That's what we'll remember forever,
but they had to get that one.
Or I think it was going to be over in five.
Thank God they got a split.
Cause I had them in game two. I'm hot.
I had the under two. Of course, I didn't
tweet it out. Good win.
Good win. You must be shitting
yourself. I did, but I also had OT
at plus 250. If
Holpe doesn't make that save, I'm going to make
money either way.
Honestly, yeah, that save, I know it's game two
and I try not to overstate things too much,
but that save was so fucking huge because
if Tuck scores there, it's
tie game. It goes to OT, Tuck, Tuck,
whatever. Sorry, guy.
It's a fucking tie game. Anything can happen
over time, as we know, and Vegas can easily go
up 2-0, so he makes that save. He
keeps it a one-goal game. It changes
the whole complexion of the series just
on that play. It's like, I know
I say it all the time, it's corny, it's cliche, but that that's why we watch the game like jumping out of your seat when you don't have
any investment in it and you're on a save like that and that it's one of the greatest ever man
no matter how this series plays out people are going to remember watching that save in 40 fucking
years is well it's actually funny that you you talk about that because I pre-recorded those interviews with the guys today and Vincent Laverde,
whose college team gave up two goals in the last couple minutes of the
national championship.
I don't know.
Against BU.
Thank you.
Yes, against BU.
And when they gave up those two goals and then the one late,
there was like a stat that came up between periods on the television
that was in their room that 80 of teams that give up a goal
in the last few minutes to allow a team to tie it, to push it to OT,
end up losing the game.
So, I mean, we're not exaggerating here.
That save saved the series.
I mean, if they go down 2-0, I don't think there's any way that they're coming back in this one
because chances are Vegas would have split and washed.
But just, I mean, another amazing game
and just a great job of selling hockey right now.
I think this finals is going to overshadow the basketball finals, I'd imagine.
Okay, we can get into that later
because I went on part of my take
and did a little more basketball bashing.
I wouldn't mind if we actually all do it.
And this game's on right now, game one of this trash at Golden State.
LeBron took a pinky to the cheek and was down and looking like he was blind
and concussed, he couldn't get up.
So we'll get into that.
Quickly, though, that stat you said, 80? Like what
league? What is this stat?
80 of teams who tie it up late?
Is that just a phantom stat?
That's an RA stat.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
That's what
Vincent Laverde was saying today.
He was probably being a little bit sarcastic, but the fact
that they allowed BU to tie it
and then they saw it on the...
They knew they were done.
Yeah.
Well, they saw the stat in the room
on the television between periods,
like, don't worry, boys, we got this.
Like, let's keep our composure.
And then they ended up fucking losing in OT.
But another thing that we didn't talk about,
I mean, you started the conversation
about Ovechkin early on there,
is in game one,
how about when he took the puck to the face on the bench
and he didn't even flinch?
And I know we joke around about the Russian gas a lot.
Like, fuck, man.
Pierre Maguire went into a shell right beside him
and he fucking ate it off the face
like he was going to take the puck, blend it up,
and put it next to the fucking marinara sauce
and the other one he crossed dips on.
No.
the fucking marinara sauce and the other one he crossed dips on no he i swear to god i thought the video was was fake when i saw it because i didn't see it on tv i somehow saw it on twitter
and i was like wait a minute and i watched it a hundred times he didn't flinch dude the trainer
was like curled up in a ball flamingoing and he's just like sitting there and then he looks it was it
was like if a big lion had like a fly like on him he just kind of like scratched his tooth a little
and was just like oh well i was like this is insane it's like if you got a you know an older
experience broad and you're finishing with a belly warmer but you got a little more pop than you
thought and it kind of catches her in the mug and she just kind of brushes it off like i don't big
deal that's kind of what ovechkin did with the puck.
Like, ah, whatever.
It happens.
Oh, my God.
Or when you're doing it to yourself.
Or when you're doing it to yourself.
Bingo, Paul.
Sometimes, you know, I mean, let's face it.
Men play with themselves between 5,000 and 500,000 times in their life.
And, you know, a lot of jizz.
Shit's going to happen on occasion, you know?
Hey, buddy, we all get ourselves in the neck in the jugular sometimes.
Russia is crazy.
Other than that, I mean, the real deal showed up with another goal early.
Yeah, that was a sick play because he actually kind of tipped the puck
to himself one-handed and then, like, went in and just this one
of the sickest releases in the league,
goes shelf.
And pretty sick celebration, too.
Didn't even move, just sat there,
arms to the heaven, I'm the real deal,
I'm going to get paid, suck it, world.
And not to mention,
their record when scoring first is pretty insane.
So for Washington to have three unanswered there
in that first period, that's just a...
That's like a...
Once again, they've showed their resilience
time in and time again in this playoff series,
or sorry, in this playoff,
and we haven't seen that from them in the past
where it seems as if every time something like that happened,
they become mental midgets and just go under their shell.
But they continue to press.
That's a sign of a championship team.
Yeah, and the record was 11-1 when scoring first,
and they're now 11-2, obviously.
I'm trying to think.
Could that be home games?
Have they had 13 home games already.
No, no way.
Right.
No, because they swept.
They swept.
It must be in the playoffs.
I think they played 15 or 16 games.
Yeah, so whatever.
Either way, my stat, nice stat.
MRA stat.
Yeah.
The other stat I had was that Washington, give me a guess on what you guys think,
the number of teams that have won the Stanley Cup who trailed at one point in every series.
Wow.
And obviously you're talking about Washington.
Wow.
33.
I don't know.
No.
So there's only been one team to win the Stanley Cup that trailed in every series,
and it was the 91 Penguins.
I misinterpreted the question, but I still wouldn't have got it anyway.
Yeah, I can't even.
I just thought it was very interesting that Washington, for them to win the Cup now,
Wow, yeah, you're right.
the second team in the history of hockey to win a cup after being down.
I mean, that's some resiliency.
And it just kind of goes into last night because people were saying,
Vegas has got this 2-0.
They're so good at home, unbeatable.
And Washington went in and lost one of their best players,
if not their best player, Kuznetsov, leading scorer in the playoff.
They lost him.
Lars Eller steps up.
It was just like
their whole team in their season
in a nutshell. And Biz, you called it before
was it round one? The Caps
year. It just seems to be like it could be.
Yeah, I mean,
I kind of jumped off the wagon just
because I was poopy pants about
Crosby getting beat out and everyone was blaming him
for that OT goal in game six.
But, I mean,
Vegas has looked strong. I still
like Vegas and how they're built.
One thing that Vegas has going for them
though, and knock on wood,
have they had one injury in this
playoff?
That's a good point, dude.
It's a really good point.
Like, didn't either man games
lost this playoff and they just remained healthy?
And, I mean, especially their back end.
One thing that I thought was a little bit silly
that we didn't touch on in game one,
and I thought Wilson should have fought McNabb
when McNabb came after him.
I think that when you have the opportunity
to put a defenseman in the box,
especially one that lugs a decent amount of ice for a team.
And I know Wilson's been playing some good minutes too,
but they have other guys who can fill in his position.
Well, not to mention that McNabb was the one who ended up
burying Kuznetsov in game two.
Well, yeah, I mean.
I mean, it's totally different.
It's different, but still still you know what i mean like
right right now now he feels a little bit more comfortable because he can run around and do
whatever he wants but anytime you're you're adept forward and you have the opportunity to take a
defenseman off the ice especially how well their defensemen have been matched up and play together
do it take them off the ice for five make them shuffle their D around, take McNabb out of rhythm as far as his game's concerned.
I mean, that was my role.
Anytime I was able to get a top four D-man
and suck him into a fight,
if they ever would even acknowledge me,
I would 100 do it.
And that was his opportunity to do it.
And they would have been coincidentals anyway.
So that's kind of jumping back to game one.
And another thing to jump back on is the fact that Perron came off the bench
and I didn't even notice it.
Yeah, I saw the headline, Perron will not be suspended for leaving the ice.
And it's like, yeah, because it's Perron.
Like, he's not like some savage who's going to go punch someone.
He went out to, like, talk to the ref and he had a bump on McGill.
I'm McGill, and he's talking to Ovechkin.
And, you know, I think it was like this, you know, this guy.
This isn't the Always Hungry League.
This isn't the Call to Cup.
But, R.A., to jump in on that, there's like a no-question policy.
Like, if you do it, you get suspended.
I got, well, I had a 10-gamer, and then they ended up reducing it to three games.
Same idea.
I thought I was changing for the
guy the guy changed his mind max domi stayed on the ice and i know i'm a little bit different than
perron but they don't it's if you jump off the bench it's it's automatic 10 games well i think
paul i think you're a lot different than perron and i think that's why this is like a non-influential
no i don't mean that in any disrespect to either one of you i just think that's like it's like oh
well fuck it's perron, the guy's
an old veteran journeyman.
The last thing he's going to do is jump on the ice
to punch somebody.
He might have fucked up and broke the rule, but I think
they're letting him slide given his stature in the game.
I have no problem with him not being suspended.
I was just saying, typically,
it's been automatic.
I agree.
Well, Biz,
why rules should have a little fucking breathing room? For someone It's been automatic. I agree. Well, Biz, like...
My rules should have a little fucking breathing room.
For someone to, like,
if someone ever stooped low enough
to fight you in the Stanley Cup final,
I feel like they'd have to, like,
you'd have to, like, have killed their dog
to make them, like, that angry to fight you in finals.
Yeah.
We need to get Willie versus Reeves.
We need to get Willie versus Reeves in this series. That'll be like up there with le cavalier and again wilson ran him over behind the
net at one point last night um how about brooks orpik 220 games he hadn't scored a goal and he
gets the winning goal jumps in the rush at large i gave him a sick pass and i mean that's pretty
cool they interviewed
matt niskin and after the game and said like you know what was what was the feeling see orpik score
the team seems so happy he's like yeah one it was a big goal and two it's pretty pretty great to have
him score we know what he means to this team and how he plays and how long he's played and you know
he doesn't really get on the score sheet that often so that was pretty cool you could tell
the capitals were fired up for him.
I feel like I'm getting deja vu in a sense where I'm going to pump
Orpik's tires again.
I don't think I've played with a bigger hockey nerd,
but just a great guy where he's so dedicated to the game.
Yeah, that guy's so dedicated.
His health, his fitness, how he takes care of himself
as far as recovery uh with treatment massage but but but he'll be in the weight room after games
you know win or lose chuck and wait and and you know you could go in there and talk to him about
anything he'll be chuckling and laugh when you he's a guy's guy not that not the guy who's going
to go for tug beers and and go
out partying but just an ultimate teammate and i couldn't be happier for the guy i i i cherish the
time i played with him dude i remember in high school i went to high school with him and i think
i said this on here before when i was a freshman he was a senior and he was like one of the best
players in the country going to bc full. They could have gone to the OHL.
And I was like, you know, I was 6'3", 155 pounds.
I was like trying to make the varsity team.
And the day that the lineup sheet was like going up next to the,
in the gym on campus, he saw me walking there.
And he's like, hey, Whitney.
And I turned around, he's like, you didn't make the team.
And I was like, oh, fuck, fuck man i was like ready to cry but then i walked over and i made the club
not a big deal freshman on varsity but then like we became we became such good friends when you
know years later we played pro together and wilkes-barrett started then pittsburgh and i
remember seeing him he would work out like such a savage and i wanted to like follow him i could i
couldn't do it i'd be like i'm to work out with Orp after this game.
And I maybe would do it two games in a row.
I'm like, Jesus Christ.
He's built like a linebacker.
And then we go out to eat and like just never, you know, eating so healthy.
I'm like, I can't do this.
But now the guy's played double the length of my career.
He's a machine.
I don't know.
What Stanley Cup final is this for him?
Three or four? I don't even know. I mean, it's just been an my career. He's a machine. I don't know. What Stanley Cup final is this for him? Three or four? I don't even know.
It's just been an incredible career.
To see this guy that I've known
for so long get a goal,
such a meaningful goal, the game-winning
goal in a Stanley Cup final game,
it was so impressive.
I think he's probably turning 38,
if not already 38.
That's old for the NHL
now, really old.
Yeah, it is. And he's made some fucking serious cabbage, too. Shout out to that. if not already 38. That's old for the NHL now. Really old.
He's made some fucking serious cabbage too. Shout out to that.
He's got a fellow
sandwich number for all you golf nuts.
What?
Has he made 50 in his career?
Over, I bet. I think he signed two for
25 million. Yeah, probably right around there.
How's that?
I might be hitting him up soon.
Dude, Keith's like 70.
I know.
We got to get Jans on soon.
Yeah, he said he'll come on.
He said he'll come on when he gets home in like a week.
I forgot to tell you guys that.
Him and Kevin Hayes want to come on together.
Speaking of championships, I know you guys got a run soon here,
but I got two teammates I played with in Manchester
when we won the Calder Cup
back in 2015. Not a big deal.
Two defensemen,
great guys,
one of which, Vincent Laverde, signed a two-year
one-way with Toronto
after leaving the LA Kings organization.
He's in his
first year there. They're going to
the Calder Cup final, as
well as Andrew Bottertruck. He's best
friends with Brad Marsha.
Might get a few Marsha stories.
He's a Halifax
boy, so he's going to come on too. He's made
the Calder Cup Final with the Texas
Stars. This is the Dallas Stars
farm team. It should be
a great Calder Cup
Final. We're going to hopefully get
some funny stories from them, and then maybe
create a little bulletin board material
between the two teams. This interview
was brought to you by Omaha Steaks.
Listen up, guys. I know a lot of you are
Boston listeners, big fans of the show.
Most of you folks have heard about
Omaha Steaks. Everybody's dad loves to grill
a steak on Father's Day, so this is the best
time to hook your old man up, or any
guy in your life that you want to take care of at that time of year.
It's a perfect gift for Father's Day.
Every old man likes to grill, or even if you don't have an old man, you got two old ladies,
they like to grill.
Boom.
Take care of it that way.
What better way to kick it off than getting an Omaha Steaks Father's Day package to dad?
Listen, I got a fridge full of them right now.
Omaha Steaks are fantastic.
Some nights you want a steak, but you don't want to go in the grocery store, buy a pick one out,
bada bing, bada bang, boom. Take it out of the
fridge the night before, defrost it, whatever.
It's perfect. It's great stuff. They're always
great to have on hand. Grill them up. The directions
are right there, and the directions are always
on point. It's so convenient.
They're hand-delivered, flash-frozen, vacuum-sealed,
boom, right to your door.
UPS guy, whatever, Amazon guy,
whoever, boom, right to your door. You got a variety whatever, Amazon guy, whoever, boom, right to your door.
You got a variety, pork, poultry, veal, lamb, bison, bowls, seafood, veggies. The quality is
unbelievable. One of a kind, all beef is USDA inspected at quality age for 21 days, full flavor,
tenderness. You can't beat it. Customize it too. They give you the option, cuts for dad's
growing needs, whatever he likes. He wants a little of this, a little of that.
Boom, no problem at all.
So right now, Omaha Steaks is giving a limited time offer to our listeners for Father's Day.
At 78 off, this is really an amazing deal.
78 off is crazy.
Go to omahasteaks.com.
Type in chiclets in the search bar.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
And you can get this Omaha Steaks Father's Day package,
which includes two tender filet mignons, two beefy top sirloins,
four fried steaks, two boneless pork chops,
four all-beef Omaha steak burgers, four gourmet jumbo franks,
12 ounces of all-beef meatballs, a pound of steakhouse fries,
four caramel apple talons, one Omaha Steaks season packet, plus you four caramel apple salads, one Omaha Steaks seasoning
packet, plus you get four more grill-ready Omaha Steaks burgers free just for buying it. Again,
this is a limited time package for only 49.99. When you go to omahasteaks.com,
type in chiclets in the search bar and add a Father's Day package to your cart. Don't wait.
This offer ends soon.
Go to OmahaSteaks.com.
Type chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, in the search bar.
Grab your dad and fire up the grill.
Folks, welcome to a special edition of Spit and Chicklets.
As far as the interviews are concerned,
because it's the Calder Cup Finals kicking off in the American Hockey League,
I've actually been very fortunate
to play with two guys that are heading to the Finals
and they'll be facing off against each other.
And we're going to start off our first interview
with my old captain, Vincent Laverde,
a Chicago native.
And Vincent, welcome to Spittin' Chicklets.
Yeah, thanks for having us, fellas.
Appreciate it.
Only took me eight takes to get you in on the intro here.
That's all right.
I'm used to it, man.
I lived with you for a year.
Well, you know, Vincent, because you're an American League peasant
and you never played show games like me, not a big deal,
not many people probably know who you are.
But to me, you're probably, other than Shane Doan,
the best captain i
ever had oh thanks man thanks man appreciate it yeah you know he was in the nhl for 21 years and
he was a very good leader but now saying that i never won any championships with him and i got
there you want to call their cup with you and uh i i want to first give everyone a background of where you were born where you
came from and then we'll get more into to you with the toronto marlies and how your season's
gone and where you're you're going so born in chicago correct yep tell us where you played
your minor hockey yeah i was born in chicago uh played played minor hockey for the Chicago Young Americans, CYA.
I played there growing up.
After my midget minor year, I went playing the USHL for the Waterloo Blackhawks for two years.
I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship and went to Miami University, where I played there for four years.
where I played there for four years.
At the conclusion of my four years,
I signed an East Coast Hockey League contract with Greenville.
Never made it out of training camp.
Got cut.
Well, we're going to get to that.
Now, I want to back you up a little bit.
I want to talk more about Miami of Ohio.
Apparently a very underrated school as far as girls are concerned.
Yeah, there's definitely very good-looking girls there.
A lot of Midwest girls go there.
So, yeah, it was a fun time for sure.
I mean, I'll leave it at that. But, yeah, definitely very good-looking girls from the Midwest.
So it was very fun my four years there.
And you play with some pretty good players.
And you can name-drop on this podcast.
We don't mind it here.
Yeah, I play with some.
We had a really good class while I was there.
It consisted of me, a guy named Pat Canone,
who's kind of been in the AHL for quite some time,
but kind of similar to me.
Andy Mealy, who won the Hobie Baker.
Carter Camper, Justin Vive,
Tommy Wingles,
Trent Boglehuber,
Chris Weidman, Cameron Schilling,
a bunch of guys who've had pretty good
pro careers.
Not really
bona fide NHLers, with the exception
of probably Wingles.
What about Martinez?
Martinez, yeah. I was there for a year with him,
Martinez and Zakoff.
They were early on.
They were my, I was only there for one year with them.
But yeah, Martinez, like, he's a star for the Kings.
So yeah, we had some really good players,
and yeah, it was made for a fun four years.
Now, we got to take a quick jab at Andy Neely.
I actually play with him as well in Phoenix in the NHL.
I'm not a big deal.
He named his dog Hobie because he won the Hobie Baker.
It's the worst name in the world.
I love Mealy.
I was at his wedding.
He's one of my good buddies.
Brutal dog name.
We always give him a hard time for it.
Not only that, probably the worst dresser I've ever played with.
Yeah,
he's not great.
Like I said, he's one of my good buddies,
but yeah, he can improve on
his attire for sure.
I love Neal. He's a great guy,
but we've got to rip him a little bit. He's a guy
who gets the shirt-tie combo pack
from sellers and shit.
Yeah, he goes to Marshall's and they give him
the two ties for one.
Yeah, exactly
what you said. I think it got better
as of late. It was bad
early on.
He gets the old Wreck-It Ralph square-toe
dresses.
Yeah, the square toes that Johnny Rodman sees.
What a loser.
Maybe we can get him on the podcast to back himself up.
I know.
Yeah, I know.
We can't.
I know.
He's going to come out swinging, too.
He won't like this.
You know, I'm not a big college guy because I was too busy not going to college and going
right to pro.
But one of the most devastating stories I've ever heard was you guys in the Frozen Four.
You guys went to the finals.
Yeah, I got it.
I want to tell everyone that.
Yeah, that was a crazy story.
Tell it.
Yeah, so it's my sophomore year.
We're playing in the championship game in the Frozen Four.
We're in Washington, D.C.
BU is, like, a much better team than us throughout the year.
Like, I believe they win everything.
So we're up 2-1 most of the game.
We score a huge third goal to make it 3-1 now.
Five minutes left to go.
Trent Boehuber came across the middle, wrist shot goal.
So now we're like, okay, we're going to win this.
We're starting to feel like we're going to win a championship,
first ever in Miami history.
So after every shift, you're just staring at the clock like
praying for it to go faster so with with about one minute to go bu like has a has a puck in our
zone they're moving around sharp angle shot goes in to make some three two now so we still have
a one goalie so we're like okay all right we're you, we should be okay here. So face-off center ice.
Teams are  we play a little bit, neutral zone face-off.
They come down face-off in our end.
Puck gets one.
Matt Gilroy at the top.
He won the Hobie that year.
He was unbelievable in college.
He gets the puck and with 15 seconds left, shakes the slap shot,
pulls it to his backhand,
backhand pass right across
the whole entire zone,
right to Nick Bonino one times it in
to tie it 3-3.
You guys are devastated.
Do you have to go into the locker room?
Did they flood in college?
Yeah, they flooded it.
We go into the locker room, just pure disbelief.
Like, no idea what just happened.
And one of my buddies was, like, their TV was on in the locker room,
and they flashed a stat like a team to tie in the last minute
wins 80 of the games in overtime.
Their coach comes in right there on the board.
Yeah, we're just like, oh, God.
We're like, oh, this is bad.
But we actually came out and we played well.
I think, like, in overtime, we outshot them.
The game-winning goal, I believe it was Colby Cohen takes a slap shot.
One of our players goes down the block and
hits the top of his pants.
It was like 25 feet in the air.
Goalie has no idea where it is. Just lands
in the back of the net. Doesn't move.
That was the game winner.
Yeah, it got ugly
for us.
It was tough.
I mean, at the time,
I'm nervous.
Did you cry? Yeah. So it was, yeah, it was tough. I mean, at the time, like, you're, you know, I'm never going to go back.
Did you cry?
What's that?
Did you cry?
Yeah, yeah.
I was just in pure disbelief as to what happened.
No, I would have been devastated, too, just the specific way it happened.
It wasn't like you guys got blown out just to give something away like that.
Yeah.
Like, it was hard, too.
Like, the hard part is hard is like you walk out of
the locker room you see your parents your parents are crying because they feel bad for you and like
yeah everyone just like doesn't know what to say to you so you're just like feel like you're walking
around and like everyone's just staring at you but no one wants to talk to you it was it was weird
i mean it was it was what it was like it's you know it's a cool story now but yeah at the time
well that's what i was gonna say how many beers did it's, you know, it's a cool story now, but at the time it was.
Well, that's what I was going to say.
How many beers did it take for someone to finally be like, holy fuck, we really blew that one?
Yeah, it got ugly.
And it got ugly at the end of the year.
We got back to Miami and we had, you know, four weeks left.
And, yeah, the boys had some fun.
And then, like, the worst part was you try to stay off the TV.
And then, like, you turn it on and
it's espn most epic comeback ever oh god yeah the only hockey they talk about ever was when you guys
got blown out in the last period last minute of the last period and then thank you know me with
the alley-oop shot um okay so this is where i stopped you and And this is, to me, I love this story about you because now I've gotten to know you.
And for any of you kids or hockey players listening who, oh, you know, I was getting screwed by the coach or I'm getting screwed here and are whining and bitching.
You have a very wild story, like to the point where I'm surprised you're even still or
even started playing pro hockey. And I want you to get into it. And I want all you fucking kids
listening to suck it the fuck up and listen to this guy's story. And maybe it'll give you a
little bit of jam to move forward. So I'll let you take it over from the East Coast days.
Yep. So I had graduated college and I was, I was an okay college player.
You know, didn't expect to sign an NHL deal and whatnot.
So I signed an East coast deal out of college with the,
the Greenville Warriors, I believe, Greenville Road Warriors.
So all summer, I was excited to get down there.
I never played pro hockey, obviously.
So I got down to Greenville to start the year, and this would have been in 2011 and 2012.
And like one week into camp, I had gotten cut from the coast. And like, I was shocked
to say the least. Like I Like, I couldn't believe it.
And, like, to be honest with you, like, the biggest part was, like,
you know, all of a sudden I had played hockey my whole entire life,
and, you know, in a blink of an eye, it was gone.
To me, it's almost how it's gone.
And you think you're going to be playing in the coast that year,
but what some people don't realize is the coast is basically napkin contracts.
They can can you at any time yeah so yeah so they give you they more or less give you like day-to-day
contracts um so i had signed a contract and i was cut during training camp um and it was what it
was like they had a lot of guys don't know you didn't the coach say something fucked up where you were like, Jesus, dude, like you just cut me like right off?
Yeah.
I mean, yeah, the coach kind of told me I wasn't probably a good enough skater
to play in the league and just was going to give me a chance.
And to his defense, like they had a bunch of guys down from the New York Rangers
because they were the New York Rangers affiliate at the time he had a ton of guys on NHL deals and like
the third day of camp I showed up and I was like I'm not making this like there's not a chance um
then you're going yes then you didn't yeah didn't you drive didn't you drive to training camp
yeah I drove from Chicago to Greenville so I'm down there in my Chevy Avalanche and I packed
like everything I packed everything and like within a week and a half like okay go home
we'll pay for a ride home I'm like okay this is great so I'm driving home and I'm like my hockey
career is over like I've never had an internship I don't I don't know what I'm gonna do I don't
know where I'm gonna work like like anxiety don't know where I'm going to work.
Like, anxiety, like, through the roof for, like, 12 straight hours.
I had, like, buddies talking to their coaches on other teams to see if they needed a defenseman.
Everyone was like, no, it's training camp.
Like, we're all set.
So, like, my anxiety is just through the roof at this point, just stressed out.
And I talked to my parents, and I'm like, Dad, I'm done playing.
I'm not doing this for a year and a half.
I talked to my brothers, my mom, everyone.
I'm like, just give it one year and see how it goes.
And I'm like, okay, okay, okay.
Mind you, I still don't have a job.
I don't know where I'm playing.
My dad's like, no, keep trying.
I'm like, where?
No one wants me to play you call
granelli to join his men's league team yeah exactly so like yeah so um i'm honestly like
i'm stressed out i'm like i'm almost a little embarrassed too i'm like i thought i was a
pretty good hockey player like like at home like this is what goes on so did i
okay so then you get a call from your agent right
yeah so i go home i'm home for like a week and a half and he calls me it's like ontario rain has uh
they have a couple injuries on defense you know they're looking for you to go out there like okay
cool i'm like so i pack i literally pack one bag for california like a carry-on i'm like i could
be here for three days i have no idea so i i had been at home. I hadn't skated once since it ended. I fly straight into Las Vegas
because they were playing the Las Vegas Wranglers. My first game is against the Vegas Wranglers in
the Orleans Hotel. And I hadn't skated in a week and a half. I was like, oh, this could be bad.
I ended up having like an assist or something.
Played pretty good, but it could have been ugly.
And then I ended up staying there the entire year.
And it was a good, ended up being a great situation.
The coach liked me.
He played me a ton.
And it was great for me.
But yeah, I went out there with zero expectations,
not knowing if I was going to play, how long I was going to stay.
If I was, you know, if I was even in their plans.
And every week, if I had one bad game, I was on pins and needles.
I was like, they could send me home.
They have no reason to keep me.
So I was on pins and needles throughout that entire year.
And then after that year, is that when you signed another Coast deal?
And for people listening, the Ontario Reign now have an AHL team.
Before that, they used to be the ECHL team for the Kings.
So it's basically like they switched between Manchester and Ontario
just to be closer to LA, obviously.
So then you go back to the Coast Ontario the next season?
Yeah, so the following year was, I believe, the lockout year for you guys,
for the NHL guys.
And so I went back to the coast.
Had a good start to the year.
I got called up to Manchester, who was the LA Kings AHL affiliate at the time.
I got called up there while the lockout was going on,
because they had like four or five
defensive injuries I played about 10 or so games and then got sent back down to Ontario
and then once the lockout ended from there I got called up and I was in Manchester for the rest of
the year that's awesome yeah so it was I was fortunate I was fortunate when I got to Manchin
the sense where I had a coach who, you know how it is.
A lot of guys get called up, and they're good players,
but just because of what teams have, they don't play a ton.
They don't really get a chance.
I was fortunate enough.
I got a chance when I got called up to Manchin
to play some serious minutes.
Right, but it was just the attitude and the work ethic you brought every day.
And by the time that I got there,
and that was the year that you were actually named captain.
So that would have been, you know, what, 2015.
Yeah.
That was my short time with you where we had such a good team
and you were the leader of it.
And at that time you were playing power play, penalty kill and playing at 25 minutes a night.
And it was just a cool story to hear that, you know, you were that close to not even playing professional hockey.
And now here you are going to your second Calder Cup final.
And you actually last year or last summer signed a two year one way with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
So, I mean so I mean that's
that's fucking huge yeah absolutely I mean it was uh you know I've been with LA and I mean you know
they're they're awesome they're a great organization I was fortunate enough to sign with Toronto who's
also a great organization so I've been in two great spots I've been lucky oh we got we would
get spoiled in Ontario. We fly everywhere.
The only carry on top that hasn't happened is you getting your first NHL game.
I thought you were going to get called up towards the end of last season with the LA Kings to get one or two games,
and then you still even haven't played one with Toronto.
But let's transition into a time with the Toronto Maple Leafs organization.
Do you feel like you've been blackballed by them just because we're close?
And I roasted Lou Lamarillo on my documentary series.
I won't comment on that.
I will say you did a good job with that.
But no, I don't think I've been blackballed.
I actually thought that might have been the reason
why you haven't played a game yet,
because I knew we were close.
So if you have to unfollow me on social media
to get your game, I would just suggest doing it.
Okay, yeah, I'll take that into consideration.
I'll have some talks with the PR people here
and see what they think.
Hey, it must be a bit nutty, too.
So do you guys go around and get recognized in the city?
Not so much. I mean, for the Leafs guys, I couldn't imagine.
Not so much the Marlies guys. I mean, there's, I mean, we're not, you know,
we're, we're, we're in AHLT. I mean, maybe in some places, but I've never,
I've never had any like fans come up to me on the street or anything and like,
like want to like take pictures with me or anything. So I don't know.
Do you kind of, when when when you talk to girls do you say i'm at the toronto maple leaf organization
in order to kind of sway them to potentially getting at the notch as opposed to maybe just a
number uh yeah you gotta play the game, Vinny. I know.
Um, no, I usually just introduce myself and I, I, I actually try not to bring up the hockey card, believe it or not.
How, how many times have you been to Cactus Club this year in Toronto, the super Cactus
Club with all the QHs?
Uh, well, I was there with you, so that's one.
Um, yeah, I was there, uh, quite a few. We, uh, yeah, I mean, that you, so that's one. Yeah, I was there quite a few.
Yeah, I mean, that's just a great spot, though.
It's a great spot for us to go grab dinner.
I think the boys have fun there, so I don't know.
A little eye candy.
Yeah, how'd you like it?
I love it.
It's the only place I eat when I'm in Toronto.
Any funny stories from this season?
Oh, funny stories.
Do you still have
the squatty potty? Because I
used to be roommates with you.
And you used to have that thing where it would...
Yeah,
I did have that last year, didn't I? No,
I got rid of that. That's no more.
Enough was enough.
Was it a gimmick? you did you shit better with
the squatty potty or no uh no i think it was kind of gimmicky i wasn't sold on it and it was kind of
it was kind of a uh it was kind of a spur of the moment buy like a couple my buddies had one they
swore by it and i got it and just never really used it i didn't for those listening who don't
know what a squatty potty is,
what it does when you sit on the toilet, it elevates your feet because apparently the way our bodies work is it helps.
What does it help do?
It helps give a straight line for your poop to get out of your body
as opposed to fighting your intestines or something?
Yeah, something along those lines.
I don't know the science behind it.
That was a brutal way of me explaining it
But you guys can just fucking Google it
Instead of, you can fast forward through this part
Now you guys have a good team
Because of course you're with Toronto
And they pay for all their players in the American League
In order to stack themselves
You're going to the Calder Cup Finals
Against Andrew Botterchuk
Our old teammate who we also won a Calder Cup with.
Yeah, we are.
My D partner.
Oh, he was your D partner when we were there.
Yeah, for like two and a half years.
Yeah, when we won, it was me and Bods were D partners.
Which is funny because he was actually my roommate on the road.
So he would see me getting in all these antics.
Yeah, soics. Yeah.
So no,
yeah,
it's,
uh,
I'm excited.
Like,
obviously,
you know,
like you,
you know how it was when we played in the finals.
It's very exciting.
Like you're very on edge.
It's,
it's every shift means something.
And it's,
it's,
it's cool to play against your buddies.
I mean,
you're,
you're obviously friends off the ice and which Bob's and I are.
Um,
but you know, we're, I mean, you know, us both, we're both competitors and, you know's and I are. Um, but you know,
we're,
I mean,
you know,
us both,
we're both competitors and,
you know,
we're both going to be,
you know,
competing extremely hard on the ice.
Oh yeah.
You're a fucking mutant out there.
Now he's coming on the podcast as well.
Is there anything you'd like me to say to him for you?
Maybe some,
maybe some,
some threats.
I think,
I think the AHL needs
some controversy.
No, I
don't think I can give you any here.
Just tell him I'll see him in the corners out there.
He'll laugh. Well, he used to
read a lot when we roomed together
on the road. Should I call him a fucking nerd
on your behalf?
I didn't even know he could
read. Yeah. I know he's from Halifax.
He's actually really close with Brad Marchand.
We're going to try to get inside information on the whole licking the nostril incident with Callaghan.
Yeah, he would know better than I would.
Yeah, that was interesting for sure.
Well, buddy, we appreciate you coming on.
Is there anything else you want to share about the Toronto Maple Leafs organization?
Are you guys on the Russian gas?
No, we're not on the Russian gas.
Absolutely not.
Not us.
Yeah, especially not my diet.
Has Kyle Doombas reached out to you?
I mean, I've talked to him in regards to what?
Well, I mean, maybe getting a sniff next year, maybe getting some games.
He's a young GM, and he's probably okay with us being friends on social media
as opposed to Lou, so maybe you'll end up making a team next year.
Yeah, you never know.
I think that's probably a conversation we'll have at the end of the year um but yeah it's uh no he's been
great too though he's uh obviously a young gm he's uh he's been he's been great for us so
has mike babcock ever talked to you yeah i talked to uh i talked to mike in the summer when i was
trying to decide where i was going to sign.
He gave me a phone call.
And obviously talked to him at training camp and whatnot.
I'm going to do some detective work this summer because I've heard from a couple people that he is a mean person.
But I love Babcock.
And I think that he's just a troll.
And I think he's one of the funniest guys going but I'm going to get to the bottom of it because Mike Commodore said the Detroit Red Wings
had had him signed or I guess Mike Babcock did just so he could healthy scratch from all season
and then I have another story from another buddy saying that he uh when he walked out and talked to
him uh before a game in the American Hockey League. He said, hey, you really like this rink, don't you?
And he said, yeah, it's beautiful because they were playing in an NHL barn.
And Mike Babcock goes, good, enjoy it.
This is the last time you'll ever play a game in an NHL arena and walked away.
Yeah, yeah.
I have no idea.
He's been nice to me.
He's been great to me in terms of obviously I haven't gotten a game, but he talked to me at camp and in the summer went out. So he's been nice to me. He's been great to me in terms of, obviously, I haven't gotten a game,
but he talked me a camp in in the summer and whatnot, so he's been great.
I have no idea.
Okay, so, Grinnell, make sure you put the headline,
Laverde hates Babcock because he hasn't gave him a game yet.
Got it.
And then we can get some clicks.
Got it.
Vincent, thank you for joining us, and good luck in the finals,
and hopefully you can bring another one home.
All right.
Thanks, buddy.
Thanks, fellas, for having me on.
This next interview is brought to you by ZipRecruiter.
Are you hiring?
Every business needs great people and a better way to find them.
Something better than posting a job online and just praying for the right people to see it.
ZipRecruiter knew there was a smarter way,
so they built a platform that finds the right job candidates for you.
ZipRecruiter learns what you're looking for,
identifies people with the right experience,
and invites them to apply to your job.
In fact, 80 of employers who post a job on ZipRecruiter
get a quality candidate through the site in just one day.
The right candidates are out there.
ZipRecruiter is how you find them.
Businesses of all sizes trust ZipRecruiter for their hiring needs.
And right now, our listeners can try ZipRecruiter for free.
That's right, free.
Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Now, after I talked to one of my favorite teammates of all time,
Vincent Laverde, we have one of my other favorite teammates of all time,
Andrew Botterchuk, and he actually played for the Bruins.
And we have a ton of Bruins fans who listen to this podcast, Bots.
Yeah, yeah, I know. I actually pop in and listen from time to time when I get a chance.
I have a daughter now.
Her first words were almost not a big deal.
She tried to hold off around her.
I mean, that's great.
Now, listen, this is not, this AHL Calder Cup edition of Spitting Chicklets is not to stir the pot.
Although we had Vinny on earlier, and I'm going to say he had some pretty nasty things to say about you.
I imagine he probably has a lot of dirt on me.
A lot of dirt.
I was his D partner for two years, and he knows the ins and outs of me.
But I call bullshit on him saying anything
bad.
And so did I.
I was actually pretty upfront about it and I said that was my old roommate on the road
and he's not a nerd for reading those books, even though that's what he said.
And like I said, I came to your defense.
Now you're playing in Austin for the Texas Stars.
That's got to be a pretty decent place to play.
It's unreal.
The city is, I don't know if you've been to Austin or not.
You've been around the world, so I'm sure you have.
But it's one of the best AHL cities you can play in, I think, for sure.
They've got a pretty good fan base because they won it not too long ago.
I would say they probably won the Calgary Cup, I would guess,
six, seven years ago.
Do you know what?
I don't even think it's been that long.
I would say maybe four.
I've kind of lost track of that, but it hasn't been that long.
They don't have a huge building.
It might hold six, but the fans in Texas really get into it,
and I think that's just Texas sports in general.
Well, I mean, you're kind of in a similar situation to Vinny.
I mean, although you have played NHL games, deservedly so,
you are a honey badger.
Probably maybe a little bit of an undersized defenseman,
but your motor is probably, I say very similar to vinnie's if
not more where you you are very difficult to beat one-on-one kind of been shafted as far as
opportunities at the nhl level though would you agree uh you know what look looking back i don't
have any regrets so to say i uh i have a handful of nhL games on my resume,
but there were lots of times I got called up
and didn't get into game action, specifically with L.A.,
but I have no sour taste in my mouth with any organization I've been with,
and whatever games I got were a privilege for sure.
But yeah, I'm happy with the way the career went or is going and hoping to keep it chugging
for a while longer.
And very similar to Vinny in a sense where you're making some pretty good coin down in
America.
Not like Vinny nowadays though.
He's on a two-year one-way.
Yeah, I know.
I feel like I treated Vinny to some meals back in the day
that I have coming my way.
I don't think I'm going to get him during the finals here,
but I'd like to see if he's extended his arms at all.
Those alligator arms are a little tight for a few years there.
Okay, so this is where you wanted to go.
Yeah.
What?
Well, this is where you wanted to go.
I'm just saying.
Yeah, well, you did a good job.
You got me right in the corner where you want.
We're going to send all this information to the Toronto Star,
and we're really going to get shit popping off.
Well, I don't want to poke the fire then too much.
But, no, Vinny's a good guy,
and if there's anyone I'd like to see in the finals,
it's him.
I definitely don't want to  I definitely want to be on the winning end of things,
but I definitely like seeing him there too.
Okay, so I want to go back to your time in Boston a little bit
because that's where you played the most as far as your NHL career.
Is that the only place you got NHL games?
No, I played in Columbus for...
Oh, yeah, that's right.
I don't even know.
I played in Columbus.
I played in Colorado.
Played maybe 20-plus games in Colorado
and around 20 in Columbus as well.
But the majority of your games were in Boston?
No, no.
I actually only played five games in Boston.
I was called up a few times in Boston, but only played the five games.
That would have been my second year pro.
But Boston was definitely the organization I spent the longest in
as far as being drafted by them, kind of groomed by them,
and then four years pro in their organization
between Boston and Providence.
As you can see, we really like to do our homework
on the hockey side of things going into episodes.
But the reason we have on is for the fun stories.
And being with the Boston organization,
you're actually good buddies with Brad Marchand and lived near him in the summer, correct?
Yeah, the story's been beaten to death, but we grew up on the same street and were best buddies growing up.
And then we were roommates for our first two years pro in Providence.
And then we were roommates on the road when we were up in Boston together.
And not only that, but Boston had such good runs in the time I was there
that I feel like I spent years there just black acing for the runs they went on there for a while.
Oh, so you were a black ace when they won their cup, the most recent one?
Yeah, I was.
Right up until the final series, I had shoulder surgery that summer.
And when they made it to the finals and all the D were healthy, I opted with the team
to get my shoulder done.
So I missed the final series, but I was there for the majority of that run.
But was with L. with la for their run too
uh when they won all the way okay so you're pretty much in the best situation other than the fact
that you don't get your name on the cup and ring you're collecting for dm and you're going to all
these unreal cities and you get the party it was uh do you know what boston was a great experience but uh when i was in la it was
awesome um they had a handful of guys up black acing and uh really really good group of guys
that we were uh we were there with and we got to go to chicago got to go to new york um
sometimes when you're black acing they kind of separate groups but we were fortunate enough to
travel with the team do pre-game skates basically treated like a healthy scratch with the black ace
label but all those cities you got to go out to nice dinners and have a couple socials
throughout the night and get the whole ride as well. Percentage-wise, how many of those pregame skates or practices
were you not hung over for?
How many was I not hung over for?
I'm not sure.
I know in LA you guys were chasing
it at Hermosa every night.
I'll just say I was a good
pro. You work hard, you play hard.
Whatever you do the night before, better not show up when you come to the rink the next day.
If it does, you're in trouble.
I always blend it in if that was the case.
Going back to the Marshall stuff, do you guys have a group chat going with all your buddies back home?
Yeah, absolutely.
Was it popping
off when Markie licked
Callahan's face?
It was a little slow moving.
I think there was a little bit of
questioning
amongst the group. We were kind of laughing about it
but at the same time kind of wondering what he's doing.
We hadn't seen it before.
But I had lots of extended family reaching out to me who I haven't heard from in years. it but at the same time kind of wondering what he's doing we hadn't seen it before but uh i had
lots of extended family reaching out to me who i haven't heard from in years to know i know marsh
on instead of asking how i'm doing i'm asking what's going on with brad and what's he doing
she'd have to reply to text being like oh nice to hear from you i'm doing well and uh yeah i did see
that i see i might be one of the only guys who wasn't upset about that i thought it was good
for morale it finally hockey had made espn for the first time in a long time other than college
hockey yeah do you know what i would uh is uh it was a little further than it but it was kind of a
sean avery hand in brodeur's face type of moment where we'd never seen it.
So there was no rules about it.
So what do we do?
So I think it got enough attention that I think if someone does it again,
I think it's, I don't know what they're going to assess penalty wise,
but he definitely found a, a new,
a new part of the game that hadn't been explored yet.
I guess you could say.
Fodds, you know what it reminded me of?
In semi-pro, when he has, Jackie Moon has the dream,
and his mom tells him to do the alley-oop.
The alley-oop.
And then everyone's just kind of, everyone's just standing around.
One penalty, two fouls, two fouls.
You end up with people flying through the air, Jackie.
Pretty much, though.
I forgot to ask, Vinny, are there any funny stories that you tell to other people about me?
Like, about stupid shit that I did that maybe I didn't even realize I was doing, and it's just things that I normally do?
shit that I did that maybe I didn't even realize I was doing and it's just things that I normally do man honestly I I'll throw some name drops right now because those are always fun
um but I have a really good crew of guys I skate with in the summer in Halifax so um buddies with
Nathan McKinnon and we skate with Sidney Crosby and Logan Sean, Brad Marchand, and all the A-list players.
And you're the guy I have to answer the most questions about.
And I'm like, hey.
Well, I played with Schick.
Yeah, you did.
I know that.
But I'm saying you're the hot topic.
He wasn't really a household name until I got to Pittsburgh.
That might be true.
At the start of the social media boom,
I guess you really opened everyone's eyes to Sidney Crosby.
What's the dumbest thing that maybe I was doing or did when you played with me
that I didn't realize was so stupid at the time,
or maybe I don't even realize it is now?
It might even be something that I have to sit down and look at.
I feel like I need a message Brian O'Neill.
I feel like he'd have a diary of the dumb shit you used to do because it was
a daily occurrence, whether it was refusing to wear the team's underwear
because you wanted to wear Lululemon daily.
But, man, I can't think.
It was pretty much any time.
Not a big deal.
Yeah, it was pretty much any time you got a rant going.
It was a bunch of eye rolls around the room,
and we knew we were locked in for about 10 minutes.
Here's a question for you.
What's different about this run? sorry to change subjects on you what's different about this run that you're having with texas this from this
season leading into playoffs and then now being the finals than ours uh from when uh we were with
manchester when we won the color cup then? That's a good question.
They're tough to compare.
I think when we were in Manchester and we won the Calder,
from the start of the season right till the end,
I'd have to look at our stats,
but I feel like we were hot all season, all season long um i think one of the toughest parts about the
american league is the fluctuating roster where you can start with a great team and depending on
how the uh the parent club or the nhl team's doing as far as injuries or just if they're looking for
a spark and calling up a young guy, your roster can fluctuate so much.
And I think in Manchester, we had our roster in place pretty much all year,
and everyone knew their role and kind of was a smooth sailing ship.
Not that it wasn't an absolute battle to the finish,
but we were hot from start to finish.
And I think this year with Texas, we faced a little bit more adversity
where we had our ups and downs throughout the season.
We saw lots of roster changes.
And then I think we just got hot at the right time
and we're kind of rolling and finding ways to win games
no matter what it is,
having a new guy step up every night.
So it's completely different
and they're really hard to compare.
But at the end of the day, it's the result, and we're in the finals,
and hopefully we can keep it going.
Well, that's a good point because people forget that Mike Richards
was sent down to us that year, and he was our third-line center
in the American League.
We would be playing weekends because, you know,
in the American league you play three
and three and uh you know dean lombardi would come down and watch all the prospects and be like
hey if you guys sweep the weekend you know we'll give you the credit card and you guys can go have
some fun and we would just just roll teams and oh man i tell uh i yeah i i tell guys stories about
uh the whole credit card for dinner and guys look at me like I have four heads, like, that actually happened?
And I'd be like, yeah, man, we'd have a weekend game,
and the GM would come down and say, hey, team card,
if you guys roll this weekend, and we'd absolutely roll right through it
and go right to the Capitol Grill.
We'd be up 5-0 in the first because boys wanted that card so bad.
We'd be dumbing surf and turfs that night on a Sunday.
We'd have rookies who'd never drank wine before,
only 200 bottles, not even knowing the difference.
Yeah, they didn't even know what Opus 1 was, but they were ordering it.
Another thing, too, is when Mike Richards got sent down,
I think he was making, he must have been making 7 million that year,
and there was no state tax in New Hampshire in that.
Right.
And his paychecks would be like 400,000 every two weeks.
Yeah, he was living.
He was living.
I'm sure he would have rather been in Cali,
but what an awesome guy.
He was only down for a little bit,
but for a guy of his status to come down and treat us the way he did
was awesome to see.
Oh, yeah.
He was great for us.
It just added to our lineup, and that was a magical run.
Listen, one question I didn't ask Denny that I should have.
Is there any names on yourny that I should have.
Is there any names on your team that we should look out for who you know that this kid's going to be an NHL stud one day?
Yeah, it's tough.
You never want to leave guys out,
but we have a roster of lots of upcoming guys.
It's actually funny.
A few of them heard that I was going to come on the podcast and i was
charging them 100 200 bucks to name drop um okay let's i'm gonna i should just list the
whole roster right now but uh we have a couple uh really good young players and uh rupee hints
a finnish kid big big kid who's who's playing really well now. My roommate...
Man, we're in Texas and these
Euros love the sun.
It's crazy.
Man, they
leave the rink and it's right
to the oil, right to the
poolside.
But honestly,
Biz, I could sit here
and list through our whole team just because we have
such a good group of guys. I've got my roommate
Dylan Hetherington who
got his first taste up in
Dallas this year.
Big defenseman.
Is he sitting next to you in the fart sack right now?
A hundred percent
just gave me a peace sign for the shout out.
Just a peace sign. The bill out just a peace the bill's gonna
come like what's that a lot of big wrenches on these up-and-comers the wrench i plead the fifth
on that one but i will say this as i get older i cover up more in the shower it's funny because
vinnie said you would say that,
and he says that there's a lot of big hammers in that Marley's locker room
and that all the Texas Stars players look like they were in the fucking cold tub all day.
Well, Vinny's got it tough because he wears pants that are the same width.
They are the length.
So as far as visuals go with that, he's kind of suffering.
It's just not proportioned.
So he probably battles in the shower too.
But I will say one thing as far as you.
I saw your hammer way too much.
Yeah.
Like just, it was
not just in the shower, but just
like at times when there was
no need to see your hammer, it was
hammered on. Yeah.
Yeah, you know, I had the hood
sweater on it for that
cool winter match, and I figured, you know,
why not just utilize it, let the boys
see it. Buzz, anything else you want
to touch on before we wrap this up?
Nothing at all, man.
Nothing at all. Appreciate being
on here and I'll be listening out for future
epis.
Yeah, I know you've got to keep it tame
because you guys are headed to the Colorado Cup Final
but we're going to spin this and we're going to brew up
some controversy and everyone's going to be tuning in.
So good luck to you and the
boys and tell McKenna I said hello because that guy is the weirdest goalie,
one of the weirdest goalies I've ever played with.
You know what?
Touching on McKenna, he's been playing lights out for us,
and I love seeing it.
Yeah, he is.
For a veteran guy, he's really been stepping up,
and he's been a big part of our team.
But I will say he is one of the more unique individuals I've seen.
Great guy, but he brings a whole new meaning to goalie, that's for sure.
If it wasn't for Ilyan Brzgalov, he'd be the weirdest goalie I've ever played with.
Tap him, easily.
Okay, buddy, good luck, and thanks for coming on the pod.
All right, Biz, thanks for having me, buddy.
Before we wrap up, you know,
Game 3 is tomorrow night.
You want to know the best team to pick.
It's such a huge game,
as we talked about with the stats earlier.
Game 3 winners,
they just win at such a higher rate.
So you want to go to oddshock.com.
It's your source for the latest odds
of every sport,
data-driven editorial content,
and free match-up picks
straight from the supercomputer
and expert writing staff. straight from the supercomputer and expert
writing staff looking for betting trends on an upcoming game again game three of the stanley
cup you don't get any bigger than that this time of year we got the nba in full swing that's huge
too you want to compare the odds and spread some bunch of sports books in one place that's what
odds shock is there for that's what they have to do and it's all free odds shock.com is your one
stop shop for betting analysis
packed with stats you won't find anywhere else that will help you make shot picks on game day
and that's how you win with shot picks man that's how you win money before the next game head over
to odds shock.com i know i have a funny accent so i'll spell it for you o-d-d-s-s-h-a-r-k.com
the pound for pound king of sports betting news.
Get on it.
Hey, I remember going to the Calder Cup finals.
And the fact that it's like after the Stanley Cup is so wrong.
You're like, dude, when the Stanley Cup's awarded, pro hockey's over.
Why am I still playing in the Calder Cup?
And now, granted, by that point, you want it so bad.
But it's like, why are they later than the Stanley Cup?
That makes no sense to me.
And the worst part about it, Whit, is when you guys make a run.
You're not getting paid.
You guys ended up losing to, I believe, National Parking.
Milwaukee.
Milwaukee Admirals.
We got swept.
Excuse me?
Right. And you're paying your own got swept. Excuse me? Right.
And you're paying your own rent in Wilkes-Barre.
You're paying to live.
And then when you lose in a Calder Cup final at the time,
what would you make?
Like after taxes, like four grand?
Yeah, maybe like five or six.
I was like, what is this?
But I left college that year.
I didn't play the whole year i just once
i left college i joined them so like it was the first time i ever had money so like actually five
grand i think i went and spent that night and i was like this is sick yeah all for sure and then
when we won it i think we ended up clearing about 7 500 bucks and then sure enough the year that
next year they changed the rules so the winner automatically gets around 20.
And I think the losers get like 12.
So of course the year after I leave, it's fucking now it's,
it's relative money.
Hey, so I wanted to bring up a group of people that, um, I mean,
I don't know how else to put up besides I don't losers.
I'm kind of calling you losers.
Why are people
going to the Capitals Arena
when the game's not there?
I never got that, man.
What are those people doing?
Go to a bar. Go to your
friend's house. Why are you watching
at a rink?
I don't get that at all.
I haven't spent money on
fucking food or alcohol in the garden in years.
I just like won't do it on principle.
So let alone go in there to watch the game where you're in a captive audience,
but you got to pay eight fucking dollars for a beer in,
in a room with a bunch of other people.
I have no idea why people do it.
The only time people used to go into arenas for things with back in like
closed circuit days or pay-per-view days when you actually,
they would actually show wrestling,
but you would have to go to the garden.
It would be closed circuit at the garden,
but like nothing like today.
No,
fuck that man.
Let me sit in this plastic seat with this 250 pounders sitting next to me,
eating popcorn and crushing.
I have Brady shirt on.
Yeah.
With a Peter Bonds,
a fake mullet on,
as I'm trying to watch the game on a comfy couch. I got this guy
spilling
his chewed up, spitting his bubble gum
on me. I mean, I
can't believe these people.
I'm a little neutral on this one. I would never
do it myself.
I mean, hardcore fan
bases. I mean, if you're a player for that organization,
I think you probably think it's cool the fact that
you guys can sell out an arena when you're not even there.
That just goes to show that
it's the same thing with people who show up to the airport
when you're getting back or leaving.
Those people are hardcore. They've been waiting
a long time to insult
other fan bases online, hoping
they win it and they just get the rip on everyone.
I say let
them be. The fact that they're going there and actually
spending that much money on food and
booze, though, they keep it the same prices.
That's what I was wondering.
I bet you they do, though.
They probably do discount, but even so,
and it's not knocking them as fans. I mean, obviously,
they're passionate fans who go to their own arena,
but no, you're knocking them for their social
choices. That's who we're knocking them for.
It's like, wouldn't you rather be in a bar?
Even if you don't drink at a bar with friends or just in a...
I just don't... You're watching on a giant
fucking screen you can barely see. I mean, it's like
a concert. It's like paying a CD to a
fucking fox. All right. I completely
agree, but there's people on this planet
that like when people poop in their mouth. Everyone's
different, right? Paul, speak for yourself,
brother.
No, I... He does
say he'll try anything i watched i watched a documentary
on a guy recently and he was like hiding uh somewhere like in i don't know whatever he
was a tech guy and he like killed someone so he went to hide out and they interviewed a bunch of
the girls he was dating at the time and he liked it he liked getting girls to poop in his mouth
that's why i said that it's just like you're like what the fuck like how does the brain work like
that but some people that's who you're? How does the brain work like that?
That's who you're comparing these fans in Washington to.
Maybe he had a Willy Wonka fetish.
Everybody's brain works differently.
That's not something I can rip on.
I'm just like, yeah, it floats their boat.
That's a pretty fucking extreme example, Paul.
This fan base...
That was kind of tough, but I bear it.
I bear it. I think your brain just went like haywire there. That's a tough example. That was kind of tough, but I bear it. I bear it.
I think your brain just went haywire there.
That's like you've been driving so long
you don't even realize what you're saying.
I've been here 12 hours today already.
Hey, hold on.
So the Capitals fans
do have a reason to be excited. I'm just
full of stats tonight.
You cuck me right now,
you fuck.
Oh, I don't think I'm cucking you.
The Capitals are now,
I'm sorry, the Capitals
have now made it so the Blues
and the Panthers are the only
two teams to have
been in the Stanley Cup Finals and never won
a game. So the Caps had gotten swept
the one time they were in. The Blues
got swept. What a pathetic franchise.
Jesus, I didn't realize the Blues.
They'd been through the cup finals twice and got swept both times.
They shouldn't even have been in them.
And then Florida got in once against Colorado and got swept.
So the Blues have been to two cup finals and never won a game.
The only reason they were is because when the expansion teams came in in 67,
when the team went from the original six to 12.
Right, exactly.
They put all six fucking expansion teams in one division,
so one of them was guaranteed to go to the Cup.
It was the AHL versus the NHL.
I mean, well, so yeah, basically, because they were all the six expansion teams.
Yeah, Pittsburgh, Philly, L.A., California, St. Louis, and Minnesota.
What's that? What were you going to say? I was going to tell you.
With the Capitals winning game two,
this is just the third Stanley Cup final
to be tied 1-1 since the 2005
lockout, which is a pretty big deal
because, you know, we've had
some black cups over the years
and, well, of course, 2011, shout out.
Vancouver went up 2-0
and choked that away. And the other thing, too, go course, 2011, shout out. Vancouver went up 2-0 and choked that away.
And the other thing, too.
Go ahead, Biz.
Well, I was going to say this.
Surprisingly, for this is only the third one that's been tied 1-1,
we've actually had quite a few decent Stanley Cup finals.
I mean, you can go back to the  well, I guess the one Calgary
and Lightning was the one right before the lockout, correct?
Unbelievable.
That was before the lockout.
But afterward, we've had a lot of six in game sevens.
I mean, Pittsburgh and Detroit went to game seven back-to-back years, correct?
Yes.
I was in the one that they lost.
Thanks, bro.
Me too.
Yes, I was in the one that they lost.
Thanks, bro.
I mean, Chicago, I believe, has closed out.
Chicago has closed out every one of theirs, I think, in six games.
But I think most of them are going to at least six.
Yeah, I just want game seven overtime.
I've said it since I was 10 years.
That would be unbelievable.
Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.
The point I was making was despite the fact that most teams have gone up 2-0,
they've still somewhat made series of
them and had some excitement.
Absolutely. Like I said, I'm obviously a home
of the Bruins that did that very same thing.
What I was going to say is game one winner we talked
about last week, I think it was
78.2 of game
one winners go on to win the cup, which is an astounding
stat. Double check it, but it was roughly that. Well, game three winners when on to win the cup, which is an astounding stat. Double check it.
But it was roughly that.
Well, game three winners, when a series is tied 1-1,
the stat actually goes up, I think, to like 79.3.
It goes up a little, which is  so this game is even, you know,
more pivotal than game one based on history.
And it's fucking huge, basically.
I think Fleury's going to answer back.
I think I'm pounding fucking Vegas.
Vegas puck line
all night fucking next game but the other thing too which you alluded to i'm sorry biz you alluded
to the eyeballs these are the best fucking ratings not involved in chicago or boston
since the last 15 years man people are fucking flocking to watch the series i was gonna touch
on the flurry thing real quick is i agree i I think he, at one of these next two games,
he has to steal a game because he,
I mean,
last game wasn't his fault,
you know,
but game one,
he wasn't that sharp.
I think he has to have a very solid game.
One of the next two and,
and at least get them a split on the road here.
Absolutely.
Um,
is that kind of all we have on the series right now?
I mean, boys, there's only been two games.
Two games.
I mean, I don't say it as, and we haven't discussed a lot.
I just, I'm just wondering if I can move on to complain about what's on my TV right now.
Oh, someone wants to go viral again.
Dude, I actually, I don't even have the game on.
I don't want to go viral again. Actually, I don't even have the game on. I don't want to go viral.
I want to make it clear that the sport of basketball is a good sport.
College basketball, it's exciting.
I watch the tournament all the time.
The NBA is the worst professional sports league.
These teams playing right now for the fourth time.
I tweeted out, I retweeted somebody who said that the game wasn't even sold't even sold out they didn't sell out the finals game first game of the finals they
don't sell it why because it's the same matchup everyone's seen this game three years in a row
now you got to see it the fourth year you're telling me when i went into high school
i was a 14 year old nerd pimply, pimply-faced, skinny geek,
and then I walked out a little less geeky but a lot less skinny.
A little bit bigger wrench.
Yeah, exactly.
Hair on my balls.
But that's exactly how long this has been.
I was a different human being.
But if I was in high school right now, just getting my senior year,
it would be the same team since my freshman year.
And LeBron tonight gets hit in the face. He barely gets hit in the face with a couple fingers and he's down he's literally
looking like he's blind and like oh i can't get up i can't get up and guys are helping him guys
are probably there's probably some guys they're like dude get the fuck up like i just can't even
do you guys like it do you watch it it's just how it goes it's just it's just a different it's like
soccer where it's just accustomed to it.
Not a lot of guys are like,
like how many guys get tackled in soccer
and they get up, brush off their pants,
and they're like, okay, let's keep going.
And if you're born like seven feet tall, dude,
as long as you can like walk and chew gum at the same time,
you have a good chance of playing in the NBA.
Like, let's be honest here.
It's not like a
complete miracle a 7-4-1 dude in a game where he just reaches up and can dunk the ball through the
hoop for two points i'm i'm a big hashtag hockey guy but i'm actually a pretty low-key big-time
hoops guy i mean okay so what do you think of this i played more hoops probably than i'm not
probably definitely more than ice hockey growing up so listen listen, I tuned out of the NBA after Jordan
because it became a me league
and everybody was trying to be the next Jordan.
But I definitely came back to it
when the Celts got better.
And I saw LeBron do that game
with the overtime versus Detroit.
I think it was 03 or 05.
He was like a rookie.
You knew he was getting the ball
every single time down the court.
And he won the game.
And it was one of the most amazing sporting
fucking feats
I've ever seen in my life.
So I was like, I'm on this guy, whether you love him or hate him.
I hate the fucking Meryl Streep dramatics.
It's way too much.
He makes it just too easy to not like him with the fucking theatrics.
But at the end of the day, he's a good guy.
He's a much better human being than Michael Jordan is.
And I'm at the point now where I would say, yeah, man,
how the fuck do you not take LeBron over Jordan because of just how he can
carry so many teammates?
But you also get his ego.
And because of his ego, he's over all GMs for years.
I would have to agree with you on the human side of things.
I'm the biggest Jordan guy.
I would have to say that by the time LeBron's done,
he's probably going to surpass
Jordan. Some people scald
me for that.
The reason why I lean towards Jordan, and I
always have, is because of the championship thing.
I think when LeBron
last lost to the Mavericks
in the finals, that might have painted
a little bit. But just based off
what he's done individually, it's hard to argue
with it. He took the team he's on now to the
finals, and they're a bunch of scrubs.
I hate
the theatricals as well.
I wouldn't want to go grab beers with him, but
I respect what he's done in basketball,
and I would put him ahead of
Jordan by the time it's all said and done.
What did you think of that
shooting war into the game tonight?
How about the purse he had?
The purse is 40,000, dude.
I wouldn't carry a bowling ball with that fucking thing.
I think it's a 50,000 Hermes Birkin bag.
It's 40,000.
I saw it.
Dude, it's ugly as shit.
It's green, too.
Fizz, I actually thought you would like that suit.
Did you?
I wore a short suit to Taylor Pye's wedding.
I'm a big short suit guy, yeah.
I mean, it's good.
When it's warm out, I don't mind it.
The NBA is like you said, it's like the WWF with, you know,
it's not as rigged, but like, you know,
when certain refs get assigned to games and people know they're going to call
it a certain way and the home team's going to win it,
and it's so fucking obvious.
Like that's,
what's frustrating to watch about it.
But you know,
I'll tell you,
I mean,
we talk about the NHL all the time,
how the talent level has never been better in the players and never been
better.
Well,
it's the same thing in the NBA right now.
I mean,
there's a lot of dipshit fucking front offices and general managers and
coaches,
but the talent level right now,
it's never been high.
Can I cut you off there?
What happened?
Like you always do.
Well, I mean, like, I didn't really want to go there with it.
We were talking more about the fashion.
You kind of fucking started going about the organization.
I wanted to know what happened with this guy on this GM having burner accounts.
Perfect example.
Perfect example.
Exactly.
You got a guy running a fucking team.
He's got burner accounts and and his wife got burner accounts.
Crazy.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Explain what happened.
Okay.
Brian Colangelo, who, by the way, was an NBA handpick replacement to go to the Philadelphia 76ers front office.
It's just total political bullshit.
I mean, the NHL did the same thing in a certain desert town I won't mention.
Move on.
Exactly.
So fucking Colangelo gets there and somebody, you know, they did an investigation because I mean, the NHL did the same thing in a certain desert town I won't mention. Move on. Exactly.
So fucking Colangelo gets there, and somebody, you know,
they did an investigation because you've got these old fucking guys who are on Twitter, and they don't realize how easy it is
for the average hacker to trace.
I had a guy on Twitter once like, hey, you should change your fucking
All right.
I need the story, all right.
I need the story.
So basically, okay, so basically the ringer, Bill Simmons' site,
sorry, no free ads, his report came out that this guy,
Jerry Klingel, Brian Klingel, either had multiple burner accounts
or at least one.
He confessed to one.
He pleaded ignorance to the other.
Well, it comes out it was very likely his wife who had these burner accounts.
So that's what I'm saying.
The type of front office bullshit, like I don't think that would happen.
Listen, time out. What types of things were he saying on these burner accounts. So that's what I'm saying. The type of front office bullshit. Like, I don't think that would happen.
Listen,
time out.
What types of things were he staying on these burner accounts?
Explain the story already.
Like,
okay.
Fucking buffoon.
Who's never heard it before.
Okay.
I don't need the inception of every story.
It was different.
Okay.
I get you.
No,
I'm good.
I'm glad.
I like this. I like this shit.
He was defending moves made by himself.
This,
these accounts were they were they were tweeting from his son's basketball games in like university of
chicago they were criticizing players on his team they will add leak linking it leaking information
that only the team knew about because it was either him or his wife that was privy to it
it was just such fucking insanity that you when you were reading this article, it was like,
how is this happening? It wasn't some
crazy fan. It was some connection to
the team because they had a team account.
It's just like I was saying, it's par for the
course of the NBA. It's like the WWE.
Okay, okay.
Hold on.
One of the comments,
this dude was
so self-conscious.
Exactly, dude.
Somebody chirped.
All right, let him talk.
Oh, my God.
I'm going to flip out.
Somebody chirped his collar on his shirt, and he was like, wrote back, dude, it's a normal collar.
Oh, on the burner account.
Yeah, he's like, hey, that's a normal caller or something like that i
don't know if it was his caller it was something about his shirt and on his burner he's like what
are you talking about it's a really normal caller move on move on it's someone it's someone called
him a clean cut classy guy and he retweeted it he's basically like i mean he he has to get i i
think you have to fire this guy because if you think of it, I mean, you could say what you want about personal attacks and saying guys suck, but he was leaking like medical records to media members, like physicals and stuff.
Like shit.
So this is, so is he done?
Is he getting banned?
No, he's not.
I thought, I thought he denied all of them.
All right.
I didn't know he admitted to one of them.
He admitted to the one, and the one he did, I guess,
didn't have as much, like, incriminating stuff,
but it was obviously him.
But the ones that, I mean, basically, it's funny.
Can we talk about R.A. trying to explain the story
and then how he fucking tried to go on three different...
Dude, he went into one.
R.A., you went into...
Guys, let me know who I am, you motherfuckers.
He went into one about...
He was going to tell his own twitter story it was a fucking goosebumps choose your own ending book
where it was going six different ways man like what the fuck man it was beauty killed the beast
it was his wife the whole fucking time though it looks like he was telling her what to say though
he was well it well that's the thing exactly because she knew she if it was his wife she was privy to medical information that if he told his wife she fucking shouldn't tell
i mean everyone tells their wives things that say in the bedroom but like you know she shouldn't be
fucking tweeting about it so yeah he fucked up on that level he should 100 be fired he should not
be back be back he told joe and beat it wasn't me but if it's his wife it's as guilty as him
being it because she got the info, so he should be gone.
I would do anything.
For reference, if I ever ask you to tell a story
on here, can you just tell
just the story? Only you can tell
long stories. I don't think he's going to
go by this.
I think he's going to.
You try to tell your own
Twitter story.
You do the same shit, dude.
You do the same shit.
I don't know if I do it that bad.
You do.
You do.
I would love to hear this Twitter story, R.A.,
and I'm going to tell you honestly if it had anything to do with the story you were telling.
That's what we're going to do.
Oh, so you're going to tell it now?
Yep.
I want to hear it, and I'll be dead honest if i think it had
anything to do with explaining that story yeah let's hear it um honestly what like i'm fucking
baked so you're gonna have to what was the part of i don't even remember what twitter was going to
tell oh okay all right that i'm not pleading off i mean that explains it that a bit of slater man
i've been fucking blasting a bowl for a while i believe you and that probably explains why you tried to go off on six yep yep i rant a high rant
that's what happens and then i do the same thing i don't know what i'm talking about now i'm gonna
have to fucking think about it maybe you need uh maybe you need some energy oh no just kidding we
don't have an ego energy i can go for more I thought you played that whole thing like a fiddle.
I can go for a little bald ego energy myself.
Dude, I was at my hotel.
I stay at this hotel in Secaucus when I'm at work.
And it's just like a little hotel bar.
It's open until 11.
Nice to, like, grab a couple beers out of down there, bring them to your room.
The other night, I went to get some.
Dude, because the guy was sick, they have to your room. The other night, I went to get some. Dude, because
the guy was sick, they have one
bartender. The bartender was
called in sick, so the whole bar
was closed. They didn't have
another bartender. You ever seen anything like that?
A bar that if one guy
is sick, it's closed in a
hotel? You shitting me?
No, that's pretty... What's that?
It's a corcus?
It's a corcus? Corcus, yeah.
It's a corcus.
Corcus.
Yeah.
I mean, I would have been pissed.
Could you order beers to the room?
No.
No.
This is like one of those hotels where there's a little corner cut out where there's snacks.
So I go down.
I'm like, all right, don't eat anything else.
But then sometimes I'll take an Ambien and I'm so hungry that I go down
and I wake up and don't even remember I have
two ice cream Snickers bars
and Ritz crackers with peanut butter they
sell. I'm like, this is ridiculous.
So it's almost bad that you can go down and buy stuff
24-7. Dude, a lot
of people kind of do some weird shit on Ambien
it sounds like, huh?
Oh yeah.
I remember I told you guys when I woke up A lot of people kind of do some weird shit on Ambien, it sounds like, huh? Oh, yeah.
I just, dude, I remember I told you guys both when I woke up.
Did I tell you guys when I woke up in Russia and pressed on my computer screen and saw what I bought on Ambien?
No.
I was like, nope, they had Russian Ambien.
What was their name?
Oh, my God.
I was pressed on the computer screen, which hadn't moved.
I passed out, woke up eight hours later, and nothing had moved.
My hands were still on the keyboard, and I just pressed, like, the computer on,
and I had, you've purchased a confirmation number,
like a pair of Tom Ford high-top biz that were, like, 1,500.
You suck.
They're, like, purple.
You know how many diapers that would buy you right now instead?
Yeah, dude, I got plenty of diapers, bro.
I'm not hurting for diaper money.
All right, boys. Anything else?
Will that always spoke himself into movie heaven tonight?
Not many people, I don't know, a lot of people listening know what the Calder Cup is.
It's the AHL championship.
A lot of people were like, what's the Calder Cup?
When I tweeted it out tonight to let everyone know these guys are going to be on the show.
But good bunch of guys and some good hockey at the American Hockey League level.
All right, boys.
Good show.
Good shit.
Our sound will get better.
Amazon better deliver my frigging wire to my microphone.
But our sound will get better.
And we apologize.
And I love you all.
So good night, you guys. Bye.
