Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hockey is back, and you can be part of the action all season long at DraftKings.com,
the destination for daily fantasy hockey, where you can win cash prizes every time you play.
With daily fantasy, there are no season-long commitments, so you don't have to spend
months micromanaging a roster
or bugging your buddies with emails in the middle of the night.
It's like a brand-new season every day at DraftKings.
Play when you want, with the players you want,
and you win cash that night just by picking your favorite players.
Pick your contest, draft your team, follow the action live.
It's the next best thing to sit in center ice.
You can face off with friends and coworkers in a custom league
to see who the best GM of all your friends really is,
or you can create new rivalries with players all over the country
and turn your love of hockey into a serious payday.
DraftKings even offers games that are 100 free to play.
And whatever your level of fantasy expertise, there's something for everyone at DraftKings even offers games that are 100 free to play. And whatever your level of
fantasy expertise, there's something for everyone at DraftKings. So hire you to DraftKings.com now
and use promo code CHICKLETS to play for free tonight. That's promo code CHICKLETS to play for
free only at DraftKings.com. Again, DraftKings.com. Eligibility restrictions may apply. See site for
additional details.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to Episode 9 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
I'm here with Ryan Whitney.
What's up?
And Mikey Grinelli.
What's going on, guys?
What's going on, fellas?
We got a special guest coming up on today's
episode, former NHLer Colby Armstrong,
who played with Pittsburgh Penguins,
Atlanta Thrashers, Toronto Maple Leafs,
spent a little bit of time with the Canadians,
and was also a teammate of Mr. Whitney's here.
Yes, in the minors and the
NHL in Pittsburgh.
We enjoyed a lot of time together. He's a great guy,
so it'll be fun. It was a good interview.
Good. We're going to enjoy it. We're going to have
him on in a little bit. We had
last week's guest, Mike Commodore.
Commie was a big hit. Commie was a huge success.
Everybody loved his candle,
his stories. He's definitely
going to be a recurring guest, to
borrow a phrase from our sister podcast.
And to be honest with you,
Commie got in touch with me that a guy that has actually been through the Babcock ringer as he was
has contacted him through Twitter, actually, and wanted to talk because he's like, dude.
Somebody else who was Babcock blocked?
I don't know if it's currently or formerly, but Kami kind of didn't want to, you know,
I'm not going to say the name.
No, I wouldn't expect it, though.
You know, I have some, I'm a journalist, as they name No I wouldn't expect you to I'm a journalist as they say
With a capital J
So yeah
We appreciated the feedback of course
Mike was a tremendous guest
And we're glad everybody enjoyed it
Actually we'll do it now
Because I did get quite a bit of feedback
I fucked up I had a jumbo
On the
What is it the Ask a Millennial I fucked up. I had a Jimbo on the Ask a Millennial.
I fucked up the plot.
How did you know this?
I saw it on Twitter.
People got on him on Twitter.
Yeah, and they should.
I fucked up.
Big time.
You should be fucking suspended from asking this week.
I gave the plot for Smokey and the Bandit, not the Cannonball Run.
They were two very similar Burt Reynolds vehicles back in the 70s that each had sequels.
Shows that we didn't catch on to either one.
You just didn't even know what the fucking movie was.
So that was a Jimbo. I butchered
that. I'm ashamed of myself. And I'm also
going to self-report. When we
did the Summer of Love, you said 69.
It was actually 67. So
Jimbo on you and a bigger Jimbo on me.
What do you mean? Summer of Love was 67, not
69. What's Summer Love?
When we did Ask a Millennial a few weeks back.
You gave the wrong answer.
If it's love, it should be 69.
Exactly.
Well, yeah.
And then one other one, Susan.
I called Susan Clark.
I called her Susan Harris.
I'm self-reporting that Jimbo myself.
I respect that.
Okay, so we got the corrections out of the way, New York Times style.
I'll tell you right now, one team that doesn't have to make many corrections to their game, the Philadelphia Flyers.
Great segue right there.
The Flyers.
It's driving me crazy because I hate them.
That's been made clear on this podcast, but you cannot deny that.
Right now, everything's clicking for them.
But this is what happens when you have these superstars, Giroux and Voracek, that just catch fire,
and they're getting some goaltending.
Wayne Train, can't forget him.
Yeah, don't forget him ever.
Yeah, I mean, Steve.
He's probably their heart and soul.
I mean, their true leader, but.
You know, you got a guy like Steve Mason,
who would always kind of show these flashes of brilliance over his career,
and then he'd kind of look like a backup for five games.
But, man, he's on a heater right now.
Well, he had that first year.
Everyone remembers in Columbus, he won Rookie of the Year. It looked like sky's on a heater right now. And he had that first year. Everyone remembers in
Columbus, he won rookie of the year. It looked like sky's the limit, Vezna guy. And then it
just kind of fell apart quickly, too. So then he gets to Philly and you've seen him. You said it
perfect. He can be so good for three games in a row. And then there's two games when he's terrible.
So in that in that aspect, I mean, they're loving loving that he's finally bringing it consistently.
But to win 10 games in a row in the NHL is...
I want to say this league like I'm still playing, but I really can't anymore.
In the NHL.
You can still say this.
Yeah, you can still say it.
You guys are great guys.
This is the type of run that gets you into the playoffs.
You end up, say you're 500 the rest of the way,
they're going to get in because of this run, and it's just something that
you just try to keep going with. I mean, they're never
They have a good schedule, too. You saw
they played Colorado last night, who stinks.
You can talk about them. They didn't cover the
fucking puck line, though, did they? No.
I didn't know you had them there. I'm sorry.
That's all right. Plus 260.
Dude, ever since we started talking about puck lines,
it never happens. Like, I'm telling you,
I've never won one of those since you told me to bet them.
Ever.
So, quick gambling segue.
Last night, not segue, digression here.
Like, Tampa Bay last night, I think they were like plus 240 on the puck line.
Remember how I was talking about the puck line ARs?
Last night was a good example.
I had Tampa and Philly on the puck line AR.
Now you split.
Now, in a football split, you loseilly on the puck line. Now you split. Now in a football split, you lose 120 on 100 AR.
Last night, I actually, I think I won 40 on an AR split.
So you don't have to win both?
Well, you don't need to win both for the big money,
but the point being when you split, you don't actually lose.
If you're playing 200 or higher, you don't actually lose,
which is a pretty big deal in the long run in percentages.
Yeah, that makes a huge difference.
So the fly  I know.
Talking gambling with R.A.
We're going to get sued for copyright infringement by fucking Big Cat.
But, no, like you said, Ryan, it's impressive as hell.
I mean, 10 in a row in any sport, but particularly in the NHL.
And I think they've  I mean, have they all  how many of them have been regulation?
I'm not  have they all been?
No, no, they haven't all been.
They won  Oh, God, because they beat the Bruins in a shoot been? No, no, they haven't all been.
Because they beat the Bruins in a shootout.
Yeah, and then they won another overtime game.
But it doesn't even matter.
I'm wondering, as we talk about the standings and we're going through them right now,
I hope the league can figure out a way to get rid of the overtime shootout loss point or create an extra point if you win in regulation
or win in overtime before the shootout
because everything's so close now.
And I don't...
It should be...
Wins in overtime or regulation,
especially regulation, should count a little bit more
because you see now so many...
How many of these games go to overtime every night?
It seems like so many games
teams are getting a point.
Yes, if you're on the road, why not play for the point?
Exactly.
I mean, it's not that you expect teams to play different,
but it just seems like it's so bunched up,
whereas a win should count more than a shot win.
Yeah, I think they're going to take a look at that.
You keep hearing rumblings, but it seems like every year nothing changes.
Do they do that in the KHL?
Don't they have a weird scoring system kind of like that in the KHL?
Yeah, you don't get fed if you don't win in regulation.
In KHL.
Yeah, you drink the toilet water that next game.
But, no, like you said, taking a look at the standards now,
I mean, I was writing some piece earlier,
and, you know, if you were to tell me a week before Christmas,
Ottawa would be second in the Atlantic.
Yeah, that's shocking.
And Philly would be within two points of first place in the Metro.
I'd ask to have a...
In the movie villain, Dee Boucher in Ottawa.
I'd ask to have a hit of what you were smoking.
But no, it's certainly two teams that I didn't expect to be the top three.
Now, of course, there's a lot of hockey to be played.
Yeah, that's right.
You don't want to get ahead of yourself.
And when you go on
a winning streak like this,
and we can't really
not mention the whole
Metropolitan Division
because Philly's won 10.
We're going streaking.
Philly's won 10.
Pittsburgh's won 7.
Washington's won 5.
And who's the other?
Columbus has won 7.
Columbus, I mean,
talk about making me
just eat shit.
They've been dominant.
I'm hoping to get
Sam Gagne on this podcast in the coming weeks.
He's had a huge year.
We talked about him.
But he loves what's going on there in Columbus.
They're really a team that's kind of buying in, too.
I mean, I know I've been on torts, but right now there's nothing you can say to him.
But who could have blamed you for that, though?
I don't think anyone really.
Yeah, exactly.
Who doesn't get on?
I think he probably maybe made some alterations to his style.
I'm sure he gets some feedback from management.
I go a little lesser on this, a little hotter on that or whatever.
Yeah, that's true.
But, I mean, I don't know how long that will last.
That's my biggest thing.
Right.
You know what I mean?
And the East, I mean, just looking at the standards again.
Teams are starting to panic.
They're so jammed, man.
I mean, you've got Pittsburgh at the top with 43,
and then the eighth seed is actually, who the hell is it?
Actually, the Metro's going to have five teams in the playoffs.
It's Washington.
Well, Washington is technically the eighth seed,
even though they got 39 points.
If it was the old playoff format, it would probably be seven teams,
six or seven teams from the Metropolitan Division.
Oh, yeah.
I don't even remember the old format.
Seriously, if you ever want to fall down the biggest rabbit hole,
go to the NHL playoff history page.
In the 70s, it looked like fucking Goodwill Hunting
had to figure the playoff schedule out.
Because they had so much expansion.
You know the Vancouver Canucks and the Bruins were in the same division back in the day?
That makes no sense.
If you look back, it's crazy some of the shit.
It's like, at this point, just keep the fucking playoff situation the same.
Yeah, they finally figured it out.
You finally learn it, and then they do it all over again but they like in talking you know how much hockey's left these teams that are like out
of the playoffs you know you look at florida tampa right now i i don't i would be shocked and i see
tampa in the playoffs but at some point like you can't just keep you know thinking we're gonna turn
it on we got plenty of time yeah there's 50 games in the season left, roughly 40, 45, 50. Right.
I mean, Detroit, this is going to be Detroit's end of their streak.
They're not getting it. They look just very average.
That means they won't catch the Bruins, baby.
Yeah, that's true.
I don't mean to be a homer, but the Bruins do have the pro sports record,
most consecutive seasons in the playoffs in all four sports.
Yeah, that's like such a.
29 in a row.
I remember when the Bruins had it.
They had it for like 30 years.
29.
They still have the record.
That's still going?
The Bruins have the record.
What are you talking about?
They didn't make the playoffs.
No, no, no.
They still have the record is what I mean.
The Bruins still hold the record.
Most consecutive years in the playoffs.
When they had that record and they were losing in In the first round of the year that record's garbage
Like yeah I mean
At some point you can be like
I've been in the playoffs 29 years in a row
I mean it's impressive the Red Wings
Were doing it so it's impressive that the Bruins did it
Back then I mean you know if people are talking about the Red Wings
Doing it it's a big deal so it certainly was
You know
Isn't that what everyone got on Harry Sinden for
For just kind of filling the seats, not really.
Yeah, that was.
Harry Sinden talk.
I know.
How about Grinnell's pulling that out of his ass?
I think that was a valid criticism.
The Bruins were not spending a lot of money.
But I'll tell you, that went away in the mid-90s.
They've been spending in the top.
They were in the top third in the league in that room.
That story was still persistent. When people say it now, it's like, just go to in the top, they were in the top third in the league, you know, in that room, that story was still persistent. I mean, when people say it now, it's
like, just go to Cap Friendly, dude. I mean,
you know, they spent to the Cap,
but you bring up a good point, Tampa Bay,
now they're three points back of Ottawa.
Ottawa, they have a
kind of a sensitive situation. Now, the
number one goaltender, Craig Anderson, his wife
is, you know, going through cancer treatment, and he's
taking a leave of absence to be with her.
But she got some good news.
Yeah, good news, good news.
Yeah, so that's what I mean.
I don't know the good news.
I'm not a doctor, but I'm assuming it's in remission or she's doing better.
I think the tumors found reacted to the treatment or something.
Oh, good.
Okay.
I did poke around Google today.
I didn't find that particular story. But as far as, I mean, yeah, and obviously acknowledging that the game is different than real life.
But this is a situation where the two things converge because real life is affecting a team.
And we're not minimizing it.
It certainly can't.
I mean, we've all affected by it.
I don't have to be redundant and say we're against cancer.
It goes without saying.
But he's missing time, and now you've got Mike Condon starting,
and he's not as good as Craig Anderson.
So, you know, you feel bad for Craig Anderson because it puts him in this awful position of, you know,
you want to help your team, but your fucking wife has cancer.
I mean, God bless the poor guy.
He's going through this situation now.
You know, your obligation is to your wife and your family, of course.
If he's not there, then Mike Conner's playing.
I think that's a pretty big drop-off in play.
I think, though, that every guy in that room is saying,
they're not even considering, like, oh, I wish he was back here.
They're saying, yeah, we wish we had him, but they're never like,
why isn't he playing?
No, no, nobody would ever question that.
So it's almost more frustrating for the entire fan base and everyone
just to finally come back this year, new coach, and then have to,
you know, this is just such a shitty situation for his family.
We're hoping it gets figured out because when he plays,
I mean, they're a really good team.
I think Conant's played pretty well when he's had to.
Yeah.
But it's a drop-off. It's a huge drop-off, and there's they're a really good team. I think Conant's played pretty well when he's had to. Yeah. But it's a drop-off, though.
It's a huge drop-off, and there's nothing you can really do about it.
And even before that, Anderson's one of those guys.
I always liked his story.
He's always been a battler.
I mean, he wore a pro uniform for, I want to say, three games as a backup.
He didn't actually play back when he was kind of doing the journeyman thing.
And then, you know, he's one of those guys who just, they kind of need a good chance, a good solid chance,
and he got it in Ottawa, and he ran with that.
And I think, you know, similar to like Devin Dubnik, you know, who was a...
Devin Dubnik.
I played with Devin Dubnik.
I mean, Edmonton.
I mean, they ran him out of Edmonton.
He got run out of Arizona, and then he goes to Minnesota,
and he's a goddamn Vesna candidate.
But then he was in the minors for the Canadians.
Yeah.
That's a guy that, I mean, you see how he plays now. I want to say shocking because of where he was in the minors for the Canadians. That's a guy that, I mean, you see how he plays now.
I want to say shocking because of where he was,
but the whole time that I played with him in Edmonton,
you ask guys that skated there, he showed signs of being so good,
and he'd have games where he was dominant,
and then he would just have games where he just couldn't stop anything.
It was almost like a mental thing.
Right.
It's always mental with goalies.
Yeah, they're completely tapped.
But just to see, you know, it's true.
You see goalies that come around later.
But you see how important depth is.
And that's why when you're talking about Ottawa and how bad they need Anderson to be playing,
like, that's what's so good about Pittsburgh.
When they don't play Murray, they got Fleury.
And people are like, why don't they trade Fleury?
Trade Fleury.
Well, why would you right now?
Because every single night, no matter who's playing in net, you know it's an elite guy.
You don't have to worry about injuries and losing your stud goalie.
So, I mean, you see reasons to have depth in your organization,
especially at the goalie position with how these teams are doing.
But having said all that, I think even when he does return,
I don't think Ottawa has the offensive depth.
I mean, you look at their roster.
I mean, Carlson's the leading point getter. He's the defenseman, you know, six points more than the number two guy.
I think Tampa Bay is too good of a team.
I think they're just kind of almost like laying in the weeds a little bit.
Yeah, I mean, if you were to  I don't even want to ask you because you don't count,
but if you were going to say who's going to make the playoffs out of Ottawa or Boston,
who do you pick?
I mean, Boston because, you know, Rask is such
Because you're a diehard?
Yeah, that.
But Rask, I think he is definitely the difference.
Yep.
He's been amazing.
So anyway, so that's what's going on in the East.
We'll get to the West in a little bit.
But now we're going to take it to
Colby Armstrong.
Is he in Toronto?
Where is he?
Where are we wiring into right now?
He's in Toronto?
He's going to be in Pittsburgh, right?
He's going to be in Pittsburgh.
Okay. He's up in Toronto. He works for Sportsnet in Pittsburgh, right? He's going to be in Pittsburgh. Okay.
He's up in Toronto.
He works for Sportsnet.
We'll let him.
Yeah, we'll let him.
I didn't know what we were hearing from, but we'll ask him.
We're going to wire him in now.
So coming up in a second, we're going to bring in Colby Armstrong.
Okay, right now we're joined by the infamous Colby Armstrong,
former Penguin, former Thrasher.
The Armdog.
The Armdog, as he's known on Twitter.
Colby, welcome to the show, brother.
Guys, I can't believe I'm on this podcast.
Honestly, huge fan.
Love listening to you guys.
That's awesome, man.
That's awesome.
Real hockey talk, boys.
Yeah, you know, you've got to live up to Commie just ripping the whole league
and pretty much burying everyone.
There's no living up.
There's no living up to what he did no but i'm just gonna try to be
myself yeah that's what that's what we love buddy we love we love when you're yourself
well speaking of that i mean i i remember um you and i had a had a pretty funny first meeting when
when i uh turned pro and we we were playing what was it bridgeport in the first round that year
yeah yeah buddy so why don't you why don't So why don't you tell everyone what you made me do that first night I turned pro
and I was nervous before my first game?
Uh-oh.
Do we?
Yeah, it was pretty unbelievable, actually.
Thinking back on it, it's kind of stupid.
I think we were in the playoffs.
Yeah, we were.
And we get this kid,ney out of college star kid
bu bu bu led to you oh that's fighting words yeah so this kid comes he's like got his own car and
stuff we're on the road he meets us there uh in bridgeport like there's nothing there the city's
kind of a dump where we stay it's like you can't even like like you're not like can't even go outside kind of it's like nothing around what's that kind of that place was
a complete shithole there's like there's like shutters on all the windows at like three o'clock
in the afternoon like you can't go outside like literally anyways this kid has his car we're like
hey what's up what's up wit you know like uh we're in the car. We're like, hey, what's up? What's up, wit? You know, like we're in the playoffs, whatever.
We're like, yep, pile in the car.
We're like, you got a car?
He's like, yeah.
We're like, we make him drive us to the Mohegan Sun Casino for the day.
And I think, no joke, no joke, I think we mis-kirked you too.
Did we not?
Yeah, we did.
We did.
And you guys, I remember to this day, I was nervous.
I didn't know anyone.
These guys are bullying me to go to a casino the night before my first pro game.
And then I get there, and then you go, sweet jeans, dude.
Those things are terrible.
I was like, no.
Fuck this kid.
Uh-oh.
Who is this guy?
And then you guys taught me how to play blackjack, and the rest is history on that end.
Oh, yeah, man.
Degenerate. But yeah, yeah, yeah, man. Degenerate.
But yeah, yeah, yeah, buddy.
Those jeans were awful.
Taking fashion tips from a guy from Saskatoon.
Let's go.
Did they try to give you a matching denim jacket to give you the full Canadian tuxedo?
No, Army already had one.
They already had one of those.
Whit was on the college look, you know, straight out of college.
Yeah, had no clue what he was coming into.
And, like, eight of us pile in his car, and he drives us to the casino
during the playoffs and misses curfew his first night in the minesies.
Hey, no wonder we both ended up back there.
Jesus.
Did the coach find out?
Did the coach catch you?
No, he didn't, but you know who this coach was.
I'm sure you should be able to guess.
Let's see.
Pittsburgh.
Tomra.
Michelle.
Terry.
Oh, God.
Terry.
Hey, Army.
Hey, Army.
Army, why don't you tell them the story of a...
So, Tarion, all he did was just he'd have meetings with guys.
After every practice, the assistant, Mike Yeo, would come in.
He'd get three guys meeting, meeting, meeting.
Army had... Army, what did you say?
Oh, man.
15 days in a row?
Yeah, I remember at one point it was like me and Matt Murley.
You got to get this guy on your show.
Yeah.
Merle's.
Guy's a legend.
This guy, me and him had like, you know, like how many days you're in jail,
markings on the wall, like four lines with the one across it.
We were keeping tallies on the whiteboard of like every meeting we had.
We were like neck and neck at 20 meetings.
It was like the first two months of the season.
I will say that meetings is kind of the wrong word for this
because a meeting is when you talk and you go over things.
These meetings were you're a pussy, you're a bitch, you suck,
you go fuck yourself, your hates you so i mean in terms
of it being a meeting it wasn't but what what was i i was trying to remember last night what was the
one time you spoke back to him and didn't oh yeah that was not good didn't go well at all it was
literally a desk cleaning like full arm swipe desk cleaning i I'll never forget because it was like I was half in my equipment
after the game one time, and Yosey comes in and gives me the old,
you know, the finger, like, come here.
I'm like, oh, God.
And I look over, and I remember Chris Beach and Reed Simpson,
like Simmer, they're sitting there in their stalls.
We're still in our equipment.
Like, I have my shoulder pads off.
I'm about to take off my wheels.
I, like, look up. I'm like, oh'm like oh god i get up i'm still half gear start walking over the coaches oh man and then i as i'm walking by like beachy and and simmer like because this has like
been going on like for a while with a bunch of us you know and we're like they're like stick up for
yourself i'm like yeah yeah yeah they got you fired up hell yeah yeah. I'm like, yeah, I'm sticking up for myself.
For sure.
I'm going to fire back if anything goes down.
And as soon as I opened my mouth to fire back, I was completely shut down immediately.
And a full desk swipe.
Oh, my God.
I left there like a beaten puppy dog.
Didn't he offer to fight you, though?
I thought it was that.
Oh, yeah.
He asked me, like, if I was tough and stuff. You want to go to the back, though? I thought it was that. Oh, yeah. He asked me if I was tough.
Do you want to go to the back door?
Do you want to go to the back side?
Oh, man.
No, those were the old days, man.
That's the minors right there, buds.
Yeah.
Colby, what was it?
The Iron League.
NHL had two different tries in Atlanta, and neither one of them worked out.
First off, what was your time like there?
Did you enjoy it?
And second off, did you think it would ever work there a third time?
Don't lie.
No, I won't lie.
It was, you know, okay, first of all, when I went there, I was so pissed off.
Like, I was like, what the hell?
I went from like, well, Whit can attest to this.
Yeah, that was a shitty day.
I got traded at the deadline, and our team was heating up.
I'm like, oh, my God, we might win the Stanley Cup this year.
Sure enough, the team goes to the final that year.
But when I got there, my heart wasn't into it when I got there.
I was just like, oh, shit, I'm in Atlanta.
What the hell?
Barely any fans at the rink, just terrible atmosphere.
Nice place to live.
I like living there.
Witt, you came to my wedding there. Atlanta's a nice
city, but to play hockey there
was pretty brutal.
But you could tell people you got
traded for Marion Hossa. Isn't that cool?
Everyone always says that.
Everyone else that was in the deal I leave out, I was just like,
yeah, I got traded for Hossa.
Not that freaking eight other dudes that rolled with
me. Well, it's funny that that's how, yeah, that's how that, I remember that day so well.
But when Army got traded, it was the day of the deadline.
And you were roommates with Sid, right?
We'll get into that.
We'll get into that.
Oh, yeah.
No, Sid was, Sid had a high ankle sprain at the time, so he wasn't on the road.
So, like, when I came back, when I went on that road trip, I showed up to the hotel with, and I had my own room.
And I'm like, oh, God, like, why would they give me my own room?
You know, I was like, come on.
Like, they'd give it to a veteran guy.
Like, how do I get my own room, you know?
Like, why isn't, like, you know, Mark Eaton, instead of rooming with someone else, why doesn't he have his own room?
The guy's a veteran, you know?
And sure enough, like, listen, I don't know if you remember this, but I remember I came off morning skate.
We're in Long Island, playing the islanders pre-game skate i come in
the room and my bag is sitting out someone pulled it out you know real subtle my stall is a joke to
like mess with me that i got dealt and i got my stomach sunk i'm like shut up and it was like
yarko rutu he's like he he laughing in the corner sure enough a few hours
later dialer forward i'm freaking dealt to the thrashers boys oh man and one of the favorites
in the locker room an army was gone and then sure shit the next year i'm right out the door and then
they actually won so i got it way worse than you did oh you got it way worse dude i was on a bender
though during that playoff that was a tough one to watch.
Imagine yours.
Oh, dude.
I will never forget.
The Penguins, they won the cup.
I had people over my house, and I just went downstairs, and I just, like, cried a little.
And I was just like, what the fuck happened?
How did that just happen?
They won.
They actually won.
They were down 2-0 to Detroit.
At least we just got worked in the finals that you watched but
oh my god dude how about this so I I that year like Sportsnet who I'm working for now you do
some stuff up there too with that co-workers me and you we're peers eh peers back up north
so anyways they call me they're like hey you want to do some uh work with the playoffs
I'm like okay it's like the final right I'm like what do you mean they're like oh we'll fly you down to pittsburgh
and you can uh do the final i'm like oh i'm like hold on i don't know i don't know so they're down
a couple right so i'm like feeling confident like no big deal okay i can handle this so i'm like
yeah yeah okay i'll go i'll go i fly back to pittsburgh like fans treated me so nice and like
it was it was great i went listen to this, I went to the game.
Like, we did our pregame show.
I'm, like, yakking it up, telling stories about the boys and stuff
and what this team's about, all this crap.
I go to the game.
I'm standing in the old Mellon Arena, like, in the igloo in the roof
as a press guy now.
Well, like, all my friends you were there with.
This is the year they lost.
Yep.
Skating around and Stanley Cup
logos all over the ice.
Jimmerson comes out to sing the anthem
like the guy that sings the anthem, the crowd's going
crazy. I started crying.
I started crying.
I was so upset.
Because some fringe Penguins
fan was like, hey, aren't you supposed to be
out there playing?
Hey, you're having a great year.
Go get it.
Win it all the way.
Hey, keep making room for Sid out on the ice there, bud.
You're really creating space for him.
I was creating some space out there.
Army, people forget.
What did you have?
The first year you played with Sid, you had, I want to say, 40 points in 40 games?
Yeah, I had 40 points, I think, in like 47 games.
Yeah.
That's how good Sid is.
We were awful, hey, Whit?
But I remember at the end of the year, we were so awful.
And I remember at the end of the year, our last game of the year,
guys were probably like, oh, thank God this nightmare is over.
I'm like, man, can we keep playing?
I'm lighting it up right now
on the show.
When you were a kid growing up, Colby,
what team did you root for? I know
Canada. I was a Habs fan as a kid.
I was a Habs fan. I think we're going to
have to wrap this up right now.
So, I
didn't know if you were a Leafs fan.
I know, obviously, you there later in your career,
and obviously you got a few games with the Habs.
But what was it like playing for, well, each Canadian team, Toronto and Montreal?
I mean, that must be like a dream come true for a good old Canadian boy, no?
Yeah, yeah, no, no, that was unbelievable.
Like, I was in Atlanta, so I was always, like, you know, seeing guys.
Like, when you
play in that market for a while you're like what the hell how come this guy gets to go play in this
those kind of markets like why am i stuck down here what the hell and then i finally like come
free agent i'm like okay and then toronto gives me a great offer um and i'm like yep let's go i'm
going up to toronto so i went up to the jungle up there it was crazy um it was like you know they
call it like in the league like like an A market, obviously.
And it's like probably one of the best places, you know.
And obviously it didn't go too well.
I got the old injury bug, boys.
Hey, the old injury bug.
You ever catch one of those, Whit?
Hey, that thing's hit me 19 times in the course of my career.
Oh, buddy, let me give you a rundown of what I had.
I broke both my feet one year.
Both of them.
Try walking with two broken feet.
Dude, you walk all pigeon-toed to begin with.
These little sparrow feet, I'll tell you.
I broke both my feet.
I had a concussion.
I got a high ankle sprain.
I scratched my cornea, which was terrible.
High ankle sprain, by the way, worst injury ever.
So I don't know if you've seen Wit trying to walk with his feet shaking all the time.
You can imagine what it's like times 10, probably.
Aside from that, Mrs. Kennedy, how was Dallas?
I had everything, man.
I had surgery.
I was stick handling down the ice.
My knuckle, my tendon blew off my knuckle.
I had surgery.
Dude, your body was telling you. Your body was telling you it was over. You were never handling down the ice. My knuckle, my tendon blew off my knuckle. I had surgery. Dude, your body was telling
you. Your body was telling you it was over.
You were never a stick handle either. You
pushed it and ran guys over.
Not a natural. Which city
was more of a fishbowl, would you say? Montreal
or Toronto? Because it seems like Toronto
is crazy, obviously,
but the Canadians are their own creature
unto themselves.
I thought Toronto was quite a bit more of a fishbowl.
I thought Montreal, I don't know what it was.
Maybe the team just kind of protected the guys a little bit more from the media,
and maybe the media kind of protected the guys a little bit more in a way.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
It was kind of like a reverence towards the team and the players and the history.
I don't know. It was just like a little bit of
a different feeling, but there's a few
guys in Toronto that just kind of ruin it for everyone
though, you know what I mean? You know how it is.
There's a couple guys here and there that just
make it brutal. Demian Cox, Steve Simmons.
Some of my throat.
Blocked by both on Twitter.
Those are good guys. They're fun. They're entertaining. Those guys by both on Twitter. Those are good guys. Yeah. They're fun.
They're entertaining.
Those guys blocked you on Twitter.
Oh, yeah.
I'm blocked by a bunch of Canadian writers.
Think about what he had to say to get blocked, too.
I know.
I could imagine.
You say a bro and suck.
No.
No.
Cox is annoying, man.
I know those guys are cool, but I think I even asked him a question, and he just didn't
like the tone of it or whatever. But either way, we're not here to talk about him.
Toronto's crazy, though. Toronto's
crazy, but you know what? Of it
all, I'm back here now living in Pittsburgh.
I loved it here. I love playing here.
I love the people here. I love
the style here. It's like sports
town, drinking beers,
cheering for your teams. People
are really friendly and nice.
Do people wear jerseys there?
I don't know, it's a comfortable place.
I'm back here living now.
Hey, do people wear jerseys in Pittsburgh?
Army?
Oh, yeah, everybody, man.
Full-on jersey day every day.
Colby, I got to ask you.
Dress up gear.
So I'm doing my research to find, you know, I Google you and Witt's name together,
see if I can find any, you know, embarrassing videos of you guys,
see what was going on back in the day with you guys.
And I come across this video of you imitating Witt's pregame ritual.
Do you remember what his pregame ritual was?
That was bullshit.
That was such a reenactment by you that just like, by the way,
this was a pre-launch season party at like Mellon Arena.
They had me and you on the stage.
No wonder we were going to be shitty if me and you were like on the stage leading this thing. So Witt does this stupid fake like he's a workout guy warm up, like getting loose,
like flicking his wrists and his ankles around and like jumping up and down like phil mickelson vertical like just brutal like bouncing around
trying to get loose and i i don't know why i always notice things about guys like how they
tie their skates how they put on their shin pads and tape and i always like just notice like wits
pre-game ritual and i'd make fun of him all the time i don't know he's probably trying to get
dialed in to play like a rock steady game back
there.
And I'm making fun of his pregame warmup,
my pregame warmup and probably why I'm out of the game at 30 years old.
It was having a coffee and sitting on the couch watching TV.
No, you had a coffee and then you just sit there and chirp everywhere.
that's how it was.
That's how it plays.
We should tell them about the ass off.
Yeah, dude, to be honest, like I, my's how it was. That's how it plays. We should tell them about the ass off. Yeah, dude, to be honest,
my memory is horrendous.
I don't even remember the ass off.
Dude, you said you had a better ass
than me in front of the team, and I was like,
no way, dude. Look at you. Did I win that?
No way. No, we had an
ass off, and I swear to God, I won,
and you claimed it as yours,
and I don't think it's
settled to this day, but the whole team lined up to say you had a better ass.
Well, listen, we're two guys who just go.
We don't have great bodies, I'm going to say,
kind of bag of milk type bodies.
So they just let it to us.
And I was like, enough.
I got the best ass between me and Army.
I'm pretty sure I won that one, Army.
I got a little muscle back there.
I'm not sure how.
Ass off.
My ass fell off in the fucking womb, so I'm the last guy to get into an ass off situation.
Who judges that?
Rear's back goes straight to his legs.
There's just nothing there in between.
Yeah, my ass is sponsored by some of Olumba.
No, yeah, we had some good times
though back then. We had a good group of guys
like we'd go to dinners all the time,
out and eating in restaurants,
bars, and whatever. We were a young group.
We were having fun. That was a good time.
Those are the best memories, the Pittsburgh
days. From there, it was just downhill for
both of us.
It really was.
That's why for people that that they start you know we
talk to guys all the time they start they start their career in a certain city and for some reason
it never it never feels like it's as good or as comfortable as it as it was that first time i
think because we grew up together in the minors with guys but um you know we were still lucky to
play but i do want to get you know you are an nhl
analyst right very professional guy opinion here i'd like to get what you who do you who do you
think right now is your pick to win the stanley cup i'd love to the i'd love to know that and
then i'd also love to know what you think is actually going on with the flyers right now to
be able to win 10 in a row i know hey wow i well you know this might sound
like a homer move but i picked pittsburgh again and if like honestly if i was uh like being an
analyst i just looked at them like the way they played last year and that's this is why i picked
them and obviously they have their pretty much their exact same lineup with they lost lovejoy
and and um zach off yeah and that's it they have everyone elseakov. And that's it.
They have everyone else's back.
So that's the reason why.
I think we're starting to see them play, like, right now in this run.
They're getting, like, depth scoring back again, like this speed game.
Like, I have to, like, admit, like, through the first 25 games,
we saw, like, a team like a yo-yo, man.
They were up and down.
Like, I was like, oh, my God, what's going on right now? What's going on with some of these guys? I think some of those, like, Wilkes-Barre man they were up and down like i was like oh my god what's going on right now
what's going on with some of these guys i think some of those like wilkes-barre guys they called
up last year uh were kind of like spinning their wheels a little at the start so we didn't have
like that depth that they had last year through their run but i don't know right now i i can't
see yeah i don't know in the east right now yeah i mean i don't know in the west like the east is
crushing right now so i i think that I think Pittsburgh for sure.
If I could make a prediction, I made a prediction at the start of the year.
At the start of the year, I was like, oh my God, I'm going to, might be wrong with this prediction.
It's so hard to go back to back and Pittsburgh looks like so up and down, but right now they're dialing her in.
So we'll see if they can peak at the right time.
I don't know.
And, and with Philly, I just think, you know, with the way the league is now, like everyone's trying to catch up to this new model of like speed and skill instead of this heavy, heavy thing they talked about out West that's kind of faded out.
And they're kind of all stuck in between out West now.
Like some of these teams are trying to flip over in this arms race for speed and skill.
And right now you look at the Metro division, I think all these teams are just deep in speed and skill and right now you look at the metro division i think all these teams are
just deep in speed and skill so i think you look at like the way they're built they added this
connect me kid and that proverov on d both guys are like the connect me is fun to watch he's going
to be a player proverov defenseman this guy human breakout head up like this guy's like it's going
to be a star so they added some speed and skill to their lineup. In the past, they had other D-men there, like Grossman and Shen,
just bigger old-school guys that play that style.
And now they added in these other guys, these young kids that can skate,
like the Ghost.
I mean, the Ghost is having an off year right now.
The Ghost.
Last year, the Ghost.
He is a little bit of a ghost.
Colby, going back to the Penguins for a second, do you think they hang on to both goaltenders for the entire year, the ghost. He's a little bit of a ghost. Colby, going back to the Penguins for a second,
do you think they hang on to both goaltenders for the entire year,
or do you think if they get a good offer for, well, particularly Marc-Andre Fleury,
they would pop at him?
I mean, Murray won them a cup last year.
He's putting up good numbers this year.
Yeah, he's good.
So, I mean, do you think they're going to hang on to both goalies for the entirety of the regular season?
Yeah, I do. Like, I do.
And I think this is why. I think, like,
if they're going to make a deal, they'll make it at the end of the year
on something maybe before,
like, you know, they really,
I mean, they have time to do something, but
Murray's contract doesn't kick into next year,
so he's still making, like, 800-something.
So, like, this is the year you can kind of
do it.
Good point, yep.
I mean, does it suck for Murray or for Fleury?
Yeah, it does if he has to, you know, share the net with this kid
who's playing, like, he's top four in the league
in goals against and save percentage in both.
I mean, his wins-loss record is unbelievable.
So, you know, it's just going to be a fight for the net.
And the problem with it is, I don't think, well, I know for sure,
Fleury has never, like, done this before.
So I think, you know, mentally for him to wrap his head around it right now
is probably difficult for him.
You know, fighting for his net and, you know, one bad play, he's like,
oh, crap, I'm going to lose my crease again.
But he just has to mentally, like, wrap his head around it right now and figure out you know what like when i'm in there i gotta just i gotta do my job and
he's gonna have a bad game and murray's gonna get in there again and murray's gonna lose the net
again too to flurry but i think it's a pretty good problem to have if you're a coach but just
mentality for a goalie especially a veteran guy it's a little different when you're a young kid
just you get in there and you're like okay i'm doing it yeah if you're a veteran guy you get in
there and you're like oh shit i'm gonna lose it you know yeah i think so it's it's
different but i think this i think they can i think they can go with holding off this year plus
flurry has that no movement clause like he has 12 teams i think on his list so i mean unless he says
yeah to like a certain situation of a team on his list he they're not going to lift him to move and
he's not going to say no he's not going to say yeah move me to you know wherever you want right he's got his list so it's pretty limited so um
yeah i i think i can see them keeping them both of them all year yeah well i i said the same thing
earlier just because goaltending depth when you get to the playoffs is so uh it's so important
but i know we've kept you uh probably longer than you have with your with your three kids
oh i thought we're gonna into some body contact questions.
Actually, yeah.
I was talking about that with Comet or telling how I used to mop guys off the floor, bud.
I will say, do you think you could still play?
I mean, I don't know if you guys remember Trevor Lutowski, Patrick Eves.
Who are the people you knocked out?
You've got a pretty impressive YouTube reel there, my friend.
Oh, so listen to this.
So listen to this.
So, okay.
First of all, I'll tell you about something like that that latowski hit i still this day i feel
terrible about it that one that one was bad hey wit yeah dude they were all every time you hit
someone and they were laying there lifeless with the stretcher coming out they were all bad i felt
bad for latowski i called him after and he was a good guy about it and that was like back in the
day when like you come through the trolley tracks like whatever right like it's just like that's the way the game is played you know no there was no rule
against what you were doing you were just crushing guys with your shoulder they were all legit you
never got even got a penalty on them yeah but there's they're on the head but i never got a
penalty i know i never got one penalty like it was crazy like today i did kicked out of the league
but it's like at the time yeah like i mean if i saw a guy like with his head down or
you know some different moments like i i'm not gonna lie like my eyes light up like a
slot machine i was just like here we go yep and i just knew it was gonna be like huge
and like you know after the fact when you see a guy laying like that i i not not you know i felt
bad like i felt like after latowski i couldn't couldn't even... Guys were trying to fight me.
I'm like, guys, I can't even fight you right now.
I feel so bad.
Our team felt bad.
I took our team out of it.
We were all disgusted.
That one was bad.
That was how the game...
I mean, it's so different now.
And to be honest, I think it's right.
I mean, I think if you high stick a guy in the face
and you get a penalty,
if you put your shoulder into his face, you should.
But back when you were doing it and Rafi Torres, these guys, I mean,
that was the game.
I mean, you had your head down.
You were getting hit in the head.
You were probably getting knocked out.
The league changed.
But in terms of you doing that, I just remember you would just come down.
The guy would wheel the net with the puck.
He'd have his head down.
You'd leave your point, man, and come down and just
You know who I stole that from?
I stole that from Dennis Bonvey.
I saw it when I was in the minors. We should have been in the minors. He was a tough bastard, man. and come down and just tell me, guys. You know who I stole that from? I stole that from Dennis Bonvey.
When I was in the minors, you play in the minors a little long, you meet some of these guys, and you see some things these guys do.
And I had some other plays.
Like, I was always thinking of, like, different plays.
I had this other one.
I only did it a few times, but that one around the net,
Bonvey did it in the minors one time, and, like,
a light bulb went off in my head.
I'm like, wow, that's a great idea on how to crush guys.
And I started doing it i had
like a little bit better skating than bon vie and a little bit like maybe better timing on hitting
and i could time it like perfect coming around and no one's expecting to be there and just
but it was uh yeah i had a few like youtube's filled with it and then uh i had another one i
kind of it happens every once in a while they're a little bit risky but i was playing with sid who's
like smart and he could like pick up on some of these especially early when i was
trying them when you leave your position to go crush a guy but when guys are like doing a cycle
and they go to like the defenders on them and they're like coming up to the hash marks and they
go to like that's a bad look back to like bump it back and then you come down from your d-man
and just like you're not supposed to be there that's why it's like perfect but if they ever
saw you it's like back to your d-man your d-man could walk down broadway
and just light show yeah but you still would awake you wake it up sneak attack but i got a
six-year-old son hey this youtube that's all i have no goals on youtube it's all me just like
burying guys i remember driving in the car one day my kids like hey dad can we go back home and
watch youtube of clips of you knocking guys's heads off i'm like oh my god i'm like this is so bad i don't even let them watch
youtube anymore and i got guys at sportsnet wit to to find like a bunch of my goals like so nice
of them it was a great moment for me and i could actually show them that i scored goals in this
league and like clips of me like being cool Yeah. So I had to do that.
You're like, I swear to God.
Which are awful.
I swear to God I had the puck sometimes, Cruz.
I really did.
But Army, no, we really appreciate you coming on.
We have some great memories together, and these guys appreciate it well.
So thank you.
Yeah, Colby, we appreciate immensely having you on.
You're at Armdog on Twitter.
Anything else you want to promote?
Anything else you want to get out there to our listeners?
I don't really have anything.
On Sportsnet.
I got nothing else.
Sportsnet up in Canada.
For our Canadian listeners.
Yeah, and Root Sports in Pittsburgh.
I do some post-game stuff and pre-game radio stuff here.
So that's my life now in hockey.
It's been pretty good, but I'm a big fan of your guys' podcast. It's awesome.
You guys are crushing it. I listen to it all the time.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks for everything boys.
Tell Potash I said, what's up?
Hey, listen, Potash just had a beer launch the other day.
The local beer company made a beer and named it after him.
It's called Thanks Dan.
Remind me never to try it yeah
no i'm just kidding he's a great guy all right buddy thank you very much all right boys take
care i'm done thanks golly all right see you see you boys that interview was brought to you by
bet dsi.com with bowl season coming and right around the corner the nba playoffs looming
it's time to get on bet dsi.com to get in all your action.
With over 20 years in the business,
BetDSI is one of the top-rated sportsbooks out there.
If you read any of the reviews on any sites,
BetDSI.com is always among the top ones.
They've got a great mobile product that's easy to use from anywhere.
My particular favorite, live in-game wagering.
If you like a game in between periods in a hockey game and you don't think a team's going to have a strong third period.
You can jump on, get some action there.
You can do that other sports as well through the entire game or an event.
They've got great customer service available 24-7, 365 days a year.
They have a great reputation for fast payment on winnings when you do win at betdsi.com.
You get a free 10 just to try the service for registering
and a 200 bonus with your first deposit.
That promo code is SPIT200.
Again, promo code SPIT200 at BetDSI.com.
Give it a try.
All right, don't forget, for both new and returning members, it's automated, so they should see this in the cashier.
200 means if you deposit 500, you get 1,000 in total.
Bonus credits, so the total winds up being 1,500.
This is for both sports and casinos,
so when you deposit the 500,
you get a total of 1,000 in your sports account
and 500 into your casino account.
All right, once again, thanks to Colby Armstrong
at Armdog on Twitter for coming in.
Great guy, like you said, which...
Oh, yeah, great guy to have beers with.
All-time Canadian accent there, too.
Oh, yeah.
That's a doozy, eh?
He's shocked by our Boston.
Oh, yeah.
Especially yours.
Culture shock for him.
A lot of culture.
A lot of culture.
Anyways, last night, probably one of the dirtiest...
I hope it's the dirtiest hit we see this year, because we don't want to see anything dirty
than that.
But Mike Hoffman, I mean, just absolute fucking cross-check
to the back of the head of Logan Couture last night.
Completely unnecessary.
I don't know what his track record is.
I don't think Hoffman has a bad record with the Department of Player Safety,
but I got to think he's got to get at least 10 games off.
Ten?
At least.
I'm just spitballing what I don't even know in his history.
Well, if you watch the video, we'll have to tweet it out, Mikey, from School Chick-O-Ter.
But I think that Hoffman, this is a complete guess by me.
What do I know?
But it looks like Hoffman's going to give him a shot, and you can see Brendan Dillon comes in.
And I don't think, knowing the type of player Mike Hoffman is, I don't think he meant to cross-check him in the head.
It doesn't look like that, I understand.
Right.
But when Brendan Dillon comes over and kind of makes contact with him, I think his stick, instead of it being a cross-check to his back, I think it turned into right into the back of his head.
So I mean.
Kind of rides up, you think?
Yeah, that's what I think.
No, I don't.
Yeah, yeah. up you think? That's what I think. No, I don't. Yeah. I can't say for sure, like I mentioned, but he's not the type of guy to really make a
vicious cross-check to the head.
I mean, who really is?
But Mike Hoffman, he's a goal scorer, skilled, fast player.
Unless he really despises Loke Kutcher, who's a stoolie.
Big stoolie.
Maybe this guy, maybe he doesn't like Boston Hoffman.
Our boy, at Boston, Jordy, who we had our Flyers correspondent,
I guess apparently Mark Edward Vlasic, a.k.a. Pickles,
the best tasting pickle I ever hoed.
Vlasic, I guess he speared Eric Carlson prior to that in the game.
Yeah, Torres came on the ice and tried fighting Pickles,
and then there was kind of a melee.
But, I mean, later on, 10 games, maybe.
Are you saying more or less?
I'm saying less.
Okay.
I'm saying he gets five or six.
The optics of it are pretty bad.
I mean, again, if he was trying to hit him,
and the first contact was high in his shoulder blades,
and it rode into his head.
But I'm watching the angle from my old friend.
It just doesn't  I don't see it there.
I just don't  it doesn't look like he  I mean, it looks like he catches him clean in the back of a helmet.
Wait, you ever done something like that where, like, you go to do something, and it turns out way worse than it is?
Yeah, and it's actually funny because I did it against Ovechkin by accident.
Sorry.
Yeah, we're doing the good radio where we're telling you to look at a video.
Yeah, that was awesome listen to his talk.
That was awesome.
That was awesome.
That was like straight out of a fucking radio play.
When I was in Pittsburgh, I went to just stick my stick in between Ovechkin's legs just to kind of tie him up in front as a shot was coming from the point.
Yeah.
And totally by accident speared him right in the nuts.
And he goes down.
He's like screaming in Russian
I'm like oh shit
And I'm looking around like who's going to jump me
Nobody did because the buzzer
The period ended
And he was laying there screaming
I'm like oh shit
I kind of loved it because it was great that he was down there in pain
But at the same time I was like somebody's going to try to kill me
In the third period
Nobody ever did
I think everyone either didn't know what happened or realized it was a complete accident.
But that's just an example of trying to do something and something else worse happens.
But it's different when you get a stick up near somebody's face.
I just don't think that he purposely meant to do it.
What do you see now, Ari, after watching the replay?
Look at this replay.
They can't look at this.
I know.
I'm pointing to you.
But I'm going to explain it. You can't really
say. I mean, he definitely doesn't hit the shoulder
first. The only thing is
from that angle, it looked like he
might not have been looking directly at Coach Orr
and maybe just was
reckless. Either way,
it doesn't look good. Reckless more than malicious, but
either way, the bottom line is he cross-checked
directly in the back of his head with a
helmet. So I don't know. Again, I'm not sure what Hoffmanchecked directly in the back of his head with a helmet. You know, so I don't
know what it is. Again, I'm not sure what Hoffman's
record is off the top of my head. I would
say he doesn't have anything off the top
of my head either. So yeah, maybe 10 games
is excessive. But again, the optics of it are pretty
bad and that's the type of shit, obviously, they're trying to
get out of the league. So yeah, we want to
acknowledge that before we bring it to
one of our favorite segments
here on
Spit and Chicklets.
All right, Hamilton.
And Mikey Grinelli, our esteemed wink
Martindale. All right, Hamilton.
Let's start off with Helmer.
Helmer asks, boys, the wings are
a joke. It's painful. As a diehard
fan, I hope they tank and trade all vets.
Your thoughts?
All right, Hamilton.
Yeah, I mean, every fan when you see a, I'm not going to
say a dynasty, kind of a dynasty, what they've
done the last 20 years, but as it's
coming to an end and them being an
elite team, you want to say, alright, let's
start over, let's get back to the top, but
who does he want them to trade?
Nicholas Cronwall,
great career, great defenseman, killer.
Maybe he gets traded.
I just don't see what they really have to even trade.
I mean, they signed Franz Nielsen this summer to a five-year deal.
I don't think that they're looking to kind of rebuild at any point.
I mean, they're not going to be that type of team.
Right.
They're kind of, well, a lot of teams.
I mean, the Bruins aren't
quite in the same position, but
they're not too far from it where you're
not that close to the bottom and
you're going to just blow
your team up for a while. That's just not
a sound thing to do because
you're not guaranteed of anything by
intentionally blowing your team up like that.
I mean, they do have some good pieces in place.
Jimmy Howard's been having a pretty good year.
Yeah, he's had a good year.
And since he's been hurt, Mrazik's been really good.
I don't know what Zetterberg has left in the tank.
You know, like I said, Nielsen's been, you know, he's been all right.
He hasn't been outstanding for them.
Vanek got hurt.
Yeah, their team is just.
Yeah, it's tough to just, like you say, blow it up and start over
because you have a lot in play.
As a Bruins fan,
I don't sympathize with you as a division rival.
Personally, I don't want
Detroit to continue their playoff streak
because it's a Bruins record.
Selfishly. Next question.
Kyle Hughes asks,
when slash which Canadian team
do you think will end the Cup drought?
Roy Hamilton.
Wow. Who asked drought? Roy Hamilton. Wow.
Who last that?
Kyle Hughes.
Kyle, that's not too bad.
Goes by HughesAllStar17.
My guess on that.
Fuck, I want, I mean.
Who's the next Canadian team to win the Stanley Cup?
Yeah.
Oh, God, it's been so long.
I mean, it's.
93.
I don't think.
I got. the Stanley Cup? Yeah. Oh, God, it's been so long. I mean, it's... 93. I'm thinking Montreal, and then this crazy side of me saying Edmonton, because I don't
know if any of those teams will.
That's exactly what I'm thinking.
I don't know if Montreal is...
What they have right now, Montreal is in their window.
Say they have a four-year window.
Absolutely.
If they won one in the next four years, I wouldn't be shocked. But I'd also look to Edmonton with McDavid.
I just think of McDavid.
And guys like that end up winning Stanley Cups.
It didn't take Crosby super long.
It didn't take Tave super long.
And he's just one of those guys that should follow.
But for my answer, I'm going...
I'm still sticking with Montreal.
I'm still sticking with Montreal.
I'm going to go Calgary.
I'm going to go off the reservation a little bit.
That's really off the reservation.
Yeah.
Brian Elliott's been a disaster so far, but he's going to come around.
I think it's just an adjustment for a goal.
He's a veteran.
He's kind of established.
Not this year, certainly.
I'm not calling on Calgary for this year.
But, yeah, just my whatever.
What do I got to lose, right?
Exactly.
I would guess Edmonton, but Shirely's just going to trade one of this.
Oh, never heard that one before.
All right, so last one.
Last one we got here.
You could say it.
Still looking for the first wild.
Today.
Tony Wright asks, still looking for the first wild shootout.
Shut out.
No, shootout.
But is Eric Stahl the best signing of the offseason?
All right, Hamilton.
He certainly has been
way better than I think people thought he would be
finishing last year with the Rangers, the way he played.
I read and heard
that he changed his
training techniques this summer.
He started skating earlier
with his brothers, so I think that that's definitely helped.
It seems like now, I mean, the best players get locked up
or they do get acquired via trade.
And these free agent signings now, they're never the best players in the league anymore, really.
And, you know, you see a guy like Brent Burns.
Was he going to be a UFA?
Nope, gets locked up.
No way.
And so you don't see, by the way, Joe Thornton, I know this is off topic,
but that question was mangled.
Joe Thornton called Brent Burns the best player.
The planet, right?
Yeah, he's the best player in the league.
Not the best defenseman, the best player in the NHL.
So that shows you what a Hall of Famer thinks of Brent Burns
and what he's doing out there.
I don't necessarily agree with it.
13 goals, though?
I mean, he's lighting it up this year.
Yeah, and last year, same way.
I think he had 28 last year, same way. They get 28 last year.
Maybe 27. He carried them through that playoffs,
too.
That's a guy that just continues to
dominate, but it goes back to the free agent thing.
Eric Stahl's been good. I don't know.
Who do you have, R.A.?
It's funny. You just said these guys
get locked up for so long, typically good players,
and I'm like, well, geez, I'm struggling
to remember who the free agents were.
The free agent frenzy day, July 1st,
used to be crazy. TSN covers it.
Sportsnet covers it.
It's all in Canada. NHL Network here.
And now it's just kind of lost its luster
because the elite players don't really go to
UFA anymore. Kyle Pozo in Buffalo.
I know he was one. He was a big name.
I'm going to be a total homer with my answer,
but I'm going to say Dominic Moore.
Dominic Moore, seven goals. That is a great signing.
Seven goals.
Depth signing for the Bruins.
Interesting pick.
Not in so many that he has more goals than Stoll.
It's just that, you know, per what you're paying him and what you're getting out of him,
I mean, I think he's been an outstanding signing for the Bruins.
All right, well, that wraps up our All Right Hamilton segment.
And All Right Hamilton was brought to you by the 5'4 Club.
What is the 5'4 Club, you ask?
Well, I'm one of those guys who likes to look good, but I have no clue what to get and where.
Well, the 5'4 Club does all of that for you head to toe.
Don't have time to shop?
5'4 Club is for you.
Don't like to shop? 5'4 Club is for you. Don't like to shop? 5-4 Club is for you.
Here's how it works. You sign up for a membership at 5-4 Club.com and for just 60 a month,
they send you an outfit every month. 60, they dress you head to toe. Where else can you find
a deal like that? And the best part is not everyone is getting the same stuff. You personalize your
own profile for the type of clothes you want delivered to you.
What's better than that?
Go to 5-4 Club right now and use the promo code CHICKLETS at sign up and get 40 off your first month worth of 5-4 packages.
Also, Mark Canary sunglasses valued at 75.
Offer expires December 31st.
And, of course, our most popular segment with our most reader interaction,
listener interaction is Ask a Millennial.
What's up, gentlemen?
How we doing?
Youngins, young hobbies.
I mean, I'm ready.
By the way, friend of the show, Captain Kahn,
who was also co-host of Sister Blog.
I love calling them Sister Blogs to piss people off.
Sister Blog, Zero Blog 30.
The Sister Blog with the two former veterans.
Yeah, exactly.
We're the sister blog.
He disagreed.
He was a millennial, and he's 32 years old,
but I told him it's a math thing.
It's not like a feeling thing.
We hated being called Generation X, too.
I don't think I'm a millennial, but if the stats say I am, I am.
The same metrics say you are, then you are.
Well, Generation X raised the millennials, so let's get that out there.
No, we didn't.
Some Generation X did raise some millennials, but I didn't have kids when I was fucking 12 over there, guy.
All right, first up.
Okay.
First up.
I'll go up Mikey first.
John Carpenter.
John Carpenter.
John Carpenter.
I mean, I'll make a guess.
I don't know.
It sounds familiar.
John Carpenter.
You have no idea?
No idea.
Professional boxer.
Okay.
Oh!
That's not a bad guess.
John Carpenter.
John Carpenter, Ryan.
What the fuck?
Is that the man who started Home Depot?
No.
That's a good guess.
That's a nice guess, but no.
John Carpenter is a world-famous, renowned director of movies.
He directed...
What movie?
Halloween is probably his most famous movie.
The classic horror movie?
Probably one of the greatest horror movies of all time, if not famous movie. The classic horror movie.
Probably one of the greatest horror movies of all time, if not the greatest.
Not a horror movie guy.
Me either.
Yeah, but Halloween.
I think Halloween, Friday the 13th, Nightmare on Elm Street.
They kind of like such classics.
They kind of transcend whether you watch horror or not. Did this guy win like an Oscar?
No, he directed Halloween.
He directed The Fog.
He directed Escape from the Ark.
Kurt Russell, did you ever see that?
Nope.
It's a futuristic movie where Manhattan is a prison,
and Kurt Russell basically gets jail-dropped,
and he has to rescue the president.
It's a real crazy sci-fi movie.
That thing would last 10 minutes on my TV.
Extremely popular film.
I think it was early 80s.
Anyways, he's a very famous director.
He's done some horror movies.
He's done a few other genre films.
But again, not particularly shocked.
You didn't get it.
Another one he did is They Live.
Did you ever see the Roddy Piper movie?
No.
Basically the movie that Roddy Piper did.
Oh, no joke.
I might have seen that.
Yeah, where basically if you wear the sunglasses, you see what all the other people see.
Shockingly, yes.
I've seen that.
Even though it's like 28 years old, I still don't want to blow the internet.
I'm so anti-spoiler.
So anyways, John Carpenter, 0 for 2, no surprise.
All right, next up, who wants to go first?
I'm guessing that we won't even sniff it.
I think Ryan might know this, so I'm going to go Mikey first.
Mikey, look who's talking.
Look who's talking?
Look who's talking.
Like where did the phrase look who's talking come from?
Look who's drinking.
Look who's drinking.
Is it like a movie?
I'm going to guess it's a movie? I'm going to guess it's a...
Is it a movie?
I'm going to guess a movie.
You make a guess.
You don't have to ask me.
This ain't Jeopardy.
Look who's talking.
It's a movie.
Ryan.
Dude, look who's talking.
Great movie.
But the problem is I don't remember the plot completely.
It was about babies who were involved in this?
Yeah.
Was it talking babies?
First off, I think this is our first
two for two. It is a movie.
He had no clue.
We both got evil Knievel.
It was babies that would chat.
Look who's talking.
Baby Mikey is
voiced by Bruce Willis.
The father is John Travolta. He knocks up
Kirstie Alley. He's the cab driver. He knocks up Kirstie Alley. Bruce Willis, and the father is John Travolta. He knocks up Kirstie Alley.
He's the cab driver.
He knocks up Kirstie Alley.
And, yeah, Bruce Willis is the baby of the whole thing. And who's the girl baby voice?
That's the Look Who's Talking 2, the Roseanne Barr.
Oh, so the girl wasn't in the first one.
Yeah, she wasn't.
He has a couple interactions with other kids in the first one.
Look Who's Talking.
And you know what the funny part about Look Who's Talking is?
It actually really, truly, crazily works as a prequel for Pulp Fiction, if you think about it.
Are you just on another planet?
No, no, no, no.
Because in Pulp Fiction, basically, there's a movie yet to be made that goes between Look Who's Talking and Pulp Fiction
that'll explain why Bruce Willis, the son of John Travolta
had a phone-up with his father
and then they have a, you know, I'm telling you it works
like think about it
Oh, okay, I see where you're going
But they're two different directors
Yeah, but yeah, fuck it
We're just spitballing here
No, but honestly, if you really think about it
Look Who's Talking can be a prequel
to Pulp Fiction.
All it needs is that Empire Strikes Back and we could have some fine cinema.
All right, two for two there.
Next up, Mikey Grinelli.
This is probably an easy one.
I'm going easy on you guys.
My finest sales, two turbos and a 911 snow.
Tone Loke.
Wait, what?
I have no idea what was just said.
I know.
I was quoting him.
Tone Loke.
I have no idea. was just said. I know. I was quoting Tone Loke. I have no idea.
Tone Loke, the black guy who talks.
The guy who talks like the way I talk.
He's got the scratchy voice.
What songs did he sing?
I just gave away his singer.
No, no, no.
I knew that.
Real famous one.
Real famous one.
Real, exactly.
Shit.
That's doing the wild thing.
Yeah, the wild thing. Wild thing, dude. I need 50 to make you holler. I go, poof, let's do the wild yeah the wild thing wild thing dude i need 50
dollars to make you holler i'll go was he an actor too yeah he's why he played wild thing
wild thing he did funky cold medina yeah yup yup yup those are two huge monster hits uh and yeah
he did acting uh he did some work i actually just was quoting his work from the Michael Mann masterpiece, Heat.
It was starring Robert De Niro, Al Pacino.
Love that movie.
Fantastic movie.
Wayne Groh.
Wayne Groh.
Savage Wayne Groh.
Yeah, when he was talking to Al Pacino, he was like, you might find yourself two turbos
in a 911.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I'm not listening.
A full-tone woke imitation.
All right.
Wits got it, as I suspected he might. One more here. I'm two listening. A full-tone woke imitation. All right. Witt's got it, as I suspect that he might.
One more here.
I'm two for three today.
You're doing all right.
Shitty John Carpenter.
Yeah, and we're looking at two out of four.
Witt's, dog day afternoon.
That's like when it's really hot in the summer.
That's not inaccurate, but that's not what we're going for today On Ask a Millennial
Grinnelli, I don't even know why I'm turning your way here
But we can at least get you guests
For shits and giggles like Jeopardy style
And write something down
I would have guessed a movie, another movie
Fucking
Blind squirrel, right Wits?
Well, I mean, if you just pick movies
I try to mix it up, movies, director
I actually went two movies today, but yeah, he got it correct.
It sounds like a movie title.
It is.
Dog Day Afternoon was a 1975 Al Pacino film.
It's based on a true story of a guy who robs a bank in Brooklyn to fund his lover's sex change operation.
But the robbery goes askew, and they end up taking hostages. And it plays out on live television.
It was an actual event.
It plays out on live television, but it's kind of one of those.
It's a bank robbery hostage movie, but it actually has a lot of humor to it, directed by the great Sidney Lumet.
It also stars John Cazale, who was Fredo in The Godfather.
And I think we noted this on the podcast before.
Yeah, he was in all the Oscar movies.
Well, this is one of his five Oscar-nominated, best-pictured Oscars.
What was I thinking?
Dog Days of Summer?
Yeah, you could say it's a Dog Days of Summer or something like that.
That's certainly a phrase.
Okay.
Dog Day Afternoon.
I'm somewhat there.
It's a great flick.
Go seek it out if you want to see a couple of acting masterpieces in John Cazale and Al Pacino.
So that'll wrap up the
segment, but I believe the show this week
is... Is there any additions?
There is. I haven't asked an old fuck
question. Oh, yeah. That's right, too. What am I talking about?
Mikey's good at this. I'm old. You say
movies, and he's just going to say current
rappers.
Exactly, yeah. I got a good one.
Movie about rappers. First off,
rest in peace to Alan Thicke. I just wanted to say that. That got a good one. Movie of all rappers. So first off, rest in peace to Alan Thicke.
Yeah.
Just wanted to say that.
Yeah, that's a good call.
That guy, I mean, I obviously didn't know him,
but he seemed to be very in tune with hockey and the NHL.
Yeah.
Good friends with Wayne Gretzky.
Yeah, someone said he had a lot to do with bringing Gretzky to L.A.
He helped out in bringing him there.
Wouldn't surprise me.
So my question to you, R.A., first off, do you know the name of his son
that is a professional singer?
Yeah, Robin Thicke.
He got sued for stealing Marvin Gaye's song.
Oh, my God.
Okay, so do you know what his famous song is?
Blurred Lines?
Wow, dude.
Does he have Google up?
Did you see my phone when it was sitting out over here?
I mean, I'm not culturally fucking illiterate.
Some things do come across my radar. No, seen blurred lines on like a yeah and honestly smoke
show instagram music playing did he really think dancing did he really think Marvin Gaye family
wasn't gonna sue him for stealing his fucking son like that was pretty blatant very true so any other
any other one with blurred lines i don't i don't know um i don't have any ask he gets every single
question i ask.
It drives me nuts.
The only thing I could ask is about golf.
Who wants to hear that?
Time hop.
You know what time hop is?
Time hop.
Yeah, that's on Twitter or Facebook.
It tells you something you wrote several years ago.
It's an app you get on your phone.
Geez, now you guys think I'm in my 80s.
You know I have an iPhone, too, with apps on it.
You would be the guy, though.
Couldn't you see him having a flip phone?
Oh, yeah. I'm shocked.
If he didn't gamble and had to get
online with his phone to put bets in, then he would
have a flip phone. I don't mind the old man shit,
but you guys couldn't be any more. I've been an
early adapter since the VCR. I've always
been ahead of the tech curve. Had a CD player
in like 85. Told everybody they were the next big thing. So you won't get me on tech shit for the VCR. I've always been ahead of the tech curve. Had a CD player in like 85. Told everybody to do the next
big thing. So you won't get me on
tech shit for the most part.
Just like I said, I'm going to guess
rapper every time you say Lil or fucking Baby.
Yeah, I tried to avoid rappers.
I'm going to mix it up in the movies. I made it a little
too easy for Grinnells this week.
Good job anyways. It was great having Colby
Armstrong on.
You know what we want to do? I don't know.
We actually even talked about this.
Grinnelli, can we somehow set up a line where people can leave us voicemails?
We can do that.
We should definitely do that. Can you help with that?
Yeah.
Can anyone listening help?
No, I can do that.
Because that would be great.
Yeah.
We just have to kind of weave through them beforehand.
Make sure it's none of your skeletons in Grinnelli's closet calling in.
Yeah, we don't need any of those.
The girl from the night before Thanksgiving.
Can I get Real Girl's address?
I think I have child support coming.
Not for me, baby.
My swimmers are all the little endeggies.
All right, folks.
Well, thanks again for listening.
Again, I think we forgot to say last week, thanks again to everybody who's listening,
subscribing, all that stuff.
Go leave comments or leave reviews on iTunes.
And we really do appreciate the listeners out there, the feedback we get.
We're trying to make this the best podcast on the internet,
and you guys are helping us get there.
So thanks to everybody at Rare, at Beesblog, at RyanWhitney6,
at MikeGrannell underscore.
Yep, street underscore.
And we'll see you on the internet.
Take care.
Peace out. WarriorHockey.com. You don't like my socks we'll see you on the internet. Take care. Peace out.
WarriorHockey.com.
You don't like my socks?
I just thought they're cool.
I just, you know, check them out.
That's fucked up.
All right.
Peace out.
Players out.
