Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Omaha Steaks.
Father's Day is just around the corner. Are you trying to find the perfect gift for Father's Day?
Get the old man some Omaha Steaks. I can personally vouch for them because I've been
eating them for years. I get them for Christmas present from my mother every year. Fantastic.
I love the fillets.
I love the sirloins.
Anything you can get there is fantastic.
Why Omaha Steaks?
Omaha Steaks offers everything your dad can want for his griller needs.
They got the convenience.
They're hand-delivered, flash-frozen, and vacuum-sealed.
You can right in your freezer.
Take them out when they're ready to go.
You got pork, poultry, veal, lamb, bison, seafood, veggies, all kinds of stuff. You can mix
and match whatever you want. All the highest quality cuts with a one-of-a-kind flavor. All
the beef is USDA inspected for quality and age for 21 days to unlock the full flavor and tenderness
of the cuts. Omaha Steaks even gives you the option to customize cuts for dad's grilling needs,
find recipes, wine pairings, et cetera. Everything is there. It's great. I can't vouch for it enough.
I eat Omaha Steaks all the time. So right now, Omaha Steaks is giving a limited time offer to
our listeners for Father's Day at 78 off. This is really an amazing deal. Go to omahasteaks.com,
type chiclets in the search bar. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. And you can get this Omaha
Steaks Father's Day package, which includes two tender filet mignons,
two beefy top sirloins, four chicken fried steaks, two boneless pork chops,
four all-beef Omaha steak burgers, four gourmet jumbo franks, 12 ounces of all-beef meatballs,
one pound of steakhouse fries, four caramel apple tartlets, one Omaha Steaks seasoning packet,
plus get four more grill-ready Omaha Steaks burgers free with your purchase. Again,
get this limited time package for only 49.99. When you go to omahasteaks.com,
type chicklets in the search bar and add Father's Day package to your cart. Don't wait. This offer
ends soon. Go to omahasteaks.com, type chicklets
in the search bar, grab your dad, and fire up the grill.
Hello everyone, welcome to episode 90 of Skid the Chicklets, brought to you by Bosco Sports.
Say hello to the boys, Ryan Whitney.
What up?
What up?
Number 90, Mike Badano in Detroit.
Not a number he wanted to get.
That's when Babcock scratched him so he couldn't get 1,500 games.
He finished with 1,499.
Yes, dude. That might be a little foreshadow to our guest tonight.
Yeah, good call. That wasn't even
on purpose, guys. We have Mike Commoner on.
Paul, say hello. Boys, I'm
in rough shape.
Had a tough weekend. First weekend back in Vancouver.
And, you know,
a couple talks
though a couple talks to go to roxy bad city i didn't need to anymore i went to every other
establishment in this entire city other than the roxy this weekend any spitting chicklets love
oh yeah it's out of control boys we up. We've got great fan support right now.
Yeah, we really do.
Should we introduce Grinnelly?
What's up, boys? Before we start, I just want to make a special thanks to the Witt Dog for paying off my dinner tab the other night.
Really appreciated that. Really saved me from getting in a tough little financial bind there.
So thanks, Witt. Appreciate that one.
Hey, Grinnelly, listen. now um i just sent over the other venmo
for telling the story on twitter and on here so i ended up getting the credit i wanted to get the
reason i bought you the dinner no it was really funny actually uh before we get into game game
four everyone which some crazy shit went down and free because we haven't talked since game two. Oh, Jesus.
We have a lot to catch up on.
But I'll quickly say my wife, like, she didn't think she'd met Grinelli.
She had.
Unfortunately, he didn't make it that memorable that first time, Grinelli.
But she's like, that's him.
I can't believe that's him.
I finally got to put a face to name him.
I go, yeah, he was crippled, too.
But it was fun to see you, buddy.
I was glad that we ran into each other.
Yeah, and happy anniversary.
Were you with the lady, Grinnellio?
Were you with the boys or what?
No, I was with the boys.
We did some day drinking in the city, and then we were in the seaport
passing one of the nicer restaurants in the city.
So we said, hey, let's get some steaks.
Got in there, ordered some wine, ordered the nice wine.
It's funny because I went to order two glasses of champagne for Whitney and the waiter comes back and I showed him a picture of him and his wife.
And the waiter comes back with the champagne and he's like, so that couple actually left.
But they also paid off your tab. So here's your champagne back. And yeah, your tab paid off.
So my boys are like, word, we got free champagne and a free tab. So here's your champagne back. And yeah, your tabs paid off. So my boys are like,
word, we got free champagne and a free tab. Let's go. Hey, so Grinnelli, I haven't even told you,
but like, well, first off, I'll tell everyone I sit in the bar. We sit in the bar. My wife knows
we like to watch. I like to watch the sports. I usually got action and then you still get the
same menu. Why are you going to go sit in like the fancy dining room? Like, I hate that. So,
but sure enough, I wanted to see where Grinnellielli's sitting i go back i see three kids with the exact
same haircut high top fades similar shirts are all really italian looking other granelli's
spinelli's santini's who know their name and he's just sitting there and i'm like okay uh yeah give
the money to the table of those three clowns over there and i was like oh that's classic
it was just a bunch of granellinellis hanging out, getting after it.
We were like, fuck, we're going to dine and dash anyway.
Thanks, Whit.
All right.
Well, a bunch of more important things.
A bunch of more important things, guys.
I'm looking like a genius finally, huh?
Vegas, what'd I tell you?
They didn't have it.
They didn't have it.
They just didn't have it, guys.
It's a Washington Cup now.
You know, it's not over yet.
You got to obligatory say that.
I know I can't remember the last time a team's come back from 3-1 to win the Cup.
It's been fucking ages, I think.
But, yeah, man, Washington is just smothering them.
We haven't seen a team smother Vegas like this, and Washington is just smothering them.
They're just giving them basically nothing, and they're steamrolling right now.
It's going to be a fucking tough Vegas to make a series out of this now.
This is the first time Vegas has been frustrated.
And it was visible at the end of game four there.
They were getting kind of a little into the nasty stuff.
The cross-check by McNabb.
I don't know.
A lot of people online aren't happy about it.
The one on Oshie.
Of course, Reeves being out there running around.
He gave a pretty good tomahawk to Smith-Pelly there.
But I'll have to say this.
Ryan Whitney has rubbed off on me completely.
And after game one, I thought with how many games Washington had to play to get there,
and then losing game one in that fashion, I thought,
there's nothing that's going to stop Vegas.
And Washington continues to show
relentlessness and they are rolling.
Well, I do
want to say,
game four tonight,
this is Monday night,
so I've never seen
a 4-0 lead by a team
where the team down
4-0 looked that good.
Vegas was the most unlucky hockey team of all time.
They had five posts, I think.
And at the beginning of the game, they came out buzzing.
Riley Smith, he missed kind of an open net.
Now, it wasn't anything like the Rio Deals open net.
That did change the game a little bit, obviously,
just because it would have been 1-0 Vegas.
But they had so many chances, and the Caps were getting lucky.
And then they were just, you know, obviously taking advantage of the breaks.
They were getting TJ Oshie.
Jesus Christ, what a player.
Talk about stepping your game up.
He was dominating.
But, yeah, overall, I mean, it's surprising to see.
But if you really think about it, it's not.
And the only thing I'll say that makes me say that is all year I've said Vegas didn't have the superstar.
And it's finally  it never caught up with them.
Everyone says they had four-second lines, whatever you want to call it.
They didn't have a game-breaker.
They had Fleury.
It's a little different, though, having a centerman or a star defenseman.
But these forwards on on washington backstrom
kuznetsov ovechkin oshi i mean they've just completely outperformed the guys on vegas and
and you know a couple of those guys are superstars and i wouldn't say there is one on the nights
how many ambient is james neal gonna need to fall asleep tonight that sucks i mean
at least a couple edibles somebody somebody maybe 20 milligrams
i'd say easy easy to get in vegas somebody uh said that he it almost looked like he he didn't
want to hit niskin in the in the face with the shot it kind of sounds crazy but it you know if
you're not even thinking it happens that quick i think you do try to make sure you don't hit a guy
in the face that would also be saving the shot but still there's no that that's the only thing you
can reach for and say well to that point i mean we're seeing the north south angle if you go off
to the side of the net where he's at and i believe he's a left hand shot yeah yeah yeah so i mean
his ankle isn't what we're seeing and he's probably trying to miss miss niskan and that
happens split second they slow it down.
Yeah, I mean, of course it's an open net,
and that guy hits those 9 out of 10 times.
Probably 99 out of 100 times.
But, oh, man.
And Vegas, with being so good when scoring first,
that probably would have calmed the crowd down.
But shoulda, coulda, woulda, and then all of a sudden,
Caps 3 in the first, and after that it was over.
Well, it is incredible how quick it turns because, like you said,
they won nothing if they go up, take the crowd out of it.
Then what happens right after that?
Colin Miller takes, excuse me, a stupid penalty with the leg check,
puts Washington on the power play.
Boom, won nothing, and it's such a huge swing, man.
Like, that's tough, too, because that's a game floor where it could be, you know,
2-2 instead of 3-1. If you feel for a guy like
that in that situation.
Speaking of Colin Miller,
people
are saying it's a high hit, shouldn't
have been a penalty. That TJ Oshie
cold shoulder, the Peter Forsberg
cold shoulder, Pavel Datuk
did it. They don't call that.
That's never called as a penalty.
And that was an awesome play because
he just knew he was coming to hit him he made it look like he didn't see him just a little drop
pass to backstrom i mean because at four two right i mean it's somewhat of a game seven minutes left
four two you get one and with three minutes left you got that much time to tie it up and he called
shoulders colin miller who goes down and he gets up and then i think he went back down after the
goal by kempney. Beautiful pass
by Backstrom. That's not a penalty.
They've never called it. It's a
physical play. Only a special
few players can do it because
most of the time you're skilled enough to have the
puck in areas where guys are taking runs at you
and then you're strong enough and Oshie is a complete
refrigerator. The guy's an absolute beast.
So he's someone that could pull it off and I
think it's a good hockey play. I didn't see enough replays on it to give my opinion but all right
you were touching on that other than uh other than Ovechkin I mean who's probably at this point now
going to get the con smite I would assume I think but but Ochi has just been doing it everywhere
as far as his physical play as far as moving the puck around i mean i
forget what game it was i might have been game two that that kind of spin around the pass he gave
backdoor and then tonight again i believe he had what do you have two apples what do you have one
and one tonight at least one on one if not one and two took the train to the game too yeah i think i
think he's been doing that superstitiously is that that a word? Yeah, now he has to get, like, guards and shit to ride him.
Yeah, he's like fucking Obama over there.
Hey, bud, call a black car.
Call a black car.
What do you think, all right?
Who do you think the frontrunner is for Conn Smythe?
Well, it's funny.
We're getting shit on for Kirsten, Marc-Andre Fleury after the interview.
And, you know, we did pimp him up for the Conn Smythe,
but we're no different than anybody else.
Everybody literally had him in that same spot,
but we are different because we got to interview him.
Yeah,
exactly.
Yeah.
So we must have been,
we must have via interview.
But yeah,
if he's not going to get it,
it doesn't look good for Vegas.
Now.
I mean,
you got to look at who's nets off.
I mean,
before tonight,
I think he had 12,
15,
27 points in 22 games.
And I think he had four points tonight.
So,
yeah,
I mean, you're talking over 30 points a game.
But I think Ovechkin's going to be the sentimental favorite.
He's got 14 goals.
You know, everybody's kind of sort of pulling for him, it almost seems like.
But also, Holtby's got to be in this discussion too, man.
I mean, he's, you know, after those first two games, he didn't play.
He's been pretty much lights out since.
I know game one he had a tough game.
But he's been what I expected him to be.
So I think he got maybe three candidates from Washington.
And like I said, Ovechkin's a sentimental favorite probably right now.
But if Kuznetsov has 10 more points than him,
then I don't know how Kuznetsov doesn't get it.
Well, all right, a touch on that.
Kuznetsov, fifth player of the century with 30 points in one playoff.
Malkin with 36 in 08-09 when they won it when Witt got dealt for Kunitz.
Also, Crosby that same year did need Witts, also had 31 points in that same playoff.
Danny Breer, 30 in 09-2010.
And then Logan Couture, two years ago, had 30 with San Jose in 2015-2016.
So Kuznetsov's up front, too.
And, yeah, I'll pass it over to you.
Yeah, he's no doubt.
You've got to bring up Kuznetsov.
He tied a Stanley Cup final record tonight with four assists.
He's the 12th player to do it and the last player since Joe Sackick in 96 against the Florida Panthers
when the Rats were going wild, except for Florida never scored on Colorado, I don't think.
Uwe Krupp, Stanley Cup winning goal.
Shout out to my memory.
I think Kuznetsov, the whole series changed in game two,
and ironically it was with a game he didn't play.
Game one, a tough loss for Washington,
and Kuznetsov gets hurt on a hit that kind of looked innocent by McNabber.
People thought it was dirty, but the hit didn't look like anything happened too bad,
but he left the ice in what looked like something was broken.
And he didn't play, and Lars Eller stepped up and had an amazing game
with three points in game two, and they tie it up.
And what do you know? You get back to Washington. He's Kuznetsov
out for the series because can Washington
survive without him? Nope. He plays,
and he dominates. He looks incredible.
We've talked about him enough.
I just think, though, and my buddy Matt
Murley's been on spit and chiclets. He's got
a future sped Ovechkin to win the
Conn Smythe. He's now worried because
Kuznetsov has points streak,
his assist is 30 points.
But this is OV, guys.
Really?
Yes.
When Washington wins it, I'm saying when,
people are going to really flip if I do, if I really mush them.
But when they win it, Ovechkin's getting the cons might.
He's been good enough, and it's the story of Alexander Ovechkin.
He will go raise that trophy, or maybe not,
and then he'll raise the Stanley Cup.
Yeah, I mean, they did give it to Crosby last year.
I think some people thought Evgeny Malkin should have won it.
But here's a quick stat, too.
Las Vegas, their last three-game losing streak came November 28th to December 1st.
They lost to Dallas, Minnesota, and Winnipeg.
So this is a team that really hasn't dealt with a lot of adversity
and gone on a lot of cold streaks.
And, I mean, I don't know what their stats were as far as after that
and how many wins they might have rattled off in a row.
But I definitely don't think this is over.
They're going back home where that crowd and that atmosphere
gives them a big advantage.
You know, I mean, I'd like to see it at least go to six.
We talked about, you know, non-exciting Stanley Cup finals.
I mean, it's still been exciting with the quality of games we've gotten.
But I'd like an extra game to see you guys mush and bet on.
Yeah, and for everyone telling me, I blame this on you, Vegas.
This is your fault.
Dude, I picked Washington.
This is not my fault.
If anyone, Caps fans were the ones panicking when I picked their team.
So stop blaming me on Twitter for the Golden Knights failure so far in this series.
And I think the Washington people took us to heart ripping on for Washington the game in the arena when the team were in Vegas.
Oh, really? Have you seen the crowd well i'm just saying the crowds outside there these games
in dc it's banana well they did have fallout boy performing beforehand so that might be a reason
why there was so many people yeah but they stayed all game and just sat out there i'm assuming
there's there better be if there isn't a big screen and they're all just standing there on
their phones i'm gonna lose my shit oh there's gotta be a big screen and they're all just standing there on their phones, I'm going to lose my shit. No, there's got to be a big screen.
Go ahead, all right.
Yeah, Biz, good point about the adversity there because, you know,
they really haven't faced any at all in the playoffs
until they went down 2-1 on the cup.
I mean, they breezed through their first three series.
They obviously had adversity during the season
with going through 17 different goalies earlier in the season.
But right now, it's like, all right, man,
this is what they got to see what they're made of.
And they didn't really respond well tonight. I think about that first goal, things might have been different. But right now, it's like, all right, man, this is what they got to see what they're made of. And they didn't really respond well tonight.
I think about that first goal, things might have been different.
But I agree, don't count them out next game.
Marc-Andre gave up six goals tonight.
Granted, he wasn't really at fault, but probably four of them.
Guys of his caliber, they don't play that bad two games in a row.
I wouldn't be surprised if he gives up more than a goal next game
and they go back to D.C.
Because if Vegas has gone this far, then they're not going to lay down at their home game next
game.
Boys, we talked about a little bit last podcast.
When's the last time in a Stanley Cup final or even maybe you can go back to even NBA
when LeBron made that block.
But one pivotal moment in the series where you can look back to and that hope he saved
after he struggled he struggled in game one and we talked about it that goal goes in they're going
into overtime it's three three that can go either way and not only that but the amount of confidence
has given him moving forward after that tough game game one what he would he give in six goals
did they score an empty netter yeah it was an empty netter so he let in six goals? Did they score an empty netter? Yeah, it was an empty netter. So he let in five.
It's still not a great night for a goaltender.
And, you know, for a guy who's had a lot of question marks around him in big games up until this season,
you know, that was such a momentum swinger.
And I think they just fed off that and they continue to roll.
One more thing I want to ask you guys about, especially with new analytics
and how all these
guys say you need to win games,
Washington not only
getting it done offensively, but
tonight, late in the
third period, they had 21 blocked shots
compared to Vegas' seven.
Also, physically, they've just been getting it done.
They've been hitting everything.
Yeah, Wilson's so valuable. and we talk about him a lot.
By the way, Michael Kempney, third-round pick they got that guy for.
And Blackhawks fans were saying, oh, well, this is great, third-round pick.
This guy's a bum.
I mean, he's kind of turned into, if not a top-two, top-four defenseman
for what looks to be like a Stanley Cup champ.
So they've gotten contributions from so many guys that it showed their depth that I didn't even really know know was there because
before this season started everyone's downfall and complaint about the Capitals was their defense
uh they don't have a good enough defense and they've looked pretty fucking good to me because
the way they've skated or pick uh I saw NBC made named him the third star of the game he had six
hits typical effort from him and Carlson had that goal that rocket of a shot or picked  I saw NBC named him the third star of the game. He had six hits, typical effort from him.
And Carlson had that goal, that rocket of a shot.
It's like I saw a bunch of tweets, going to get paid, and he's going to get paid
because he can  the way he plays offensively, I mean, he changes the game.
I mean, that shot looked like Ovechkin at the top of the circle.
It was a D-man.
So it's just been a total team effort.
And when Hopi has struggled, he's bounced back,
which has been the biggest thing.
Another guy who's jumped out to me on Washington's D,
I mean, he's been playing Yeoman's minutes out there,
is Matt Niskanen.
He's been playing 26 minutes a game.
He's just, he's a minute eater.
He's great at both ends.
Obviously, you know, he doesn't chip in a ton offensively,
but he's just like been playing almost perfect hockey out there.
Your boy, Brooks Orpik as well.
They just have this perfect blend of toughness on their own end
and offense when they need it.
You know, like we mentioned, Carlson, he's been unbelievable.
So they're just getting it.
Everyone's just firing on a perfect zone.
They're on D right now for them.
Yeah, Orlov, he's awesome.
And to go back to Matt Niskanen, go back in time,
Dallas and Pittsburgh made a pretty big trade.
Alex Goligosky went to Dallas, and coming back was James Neal,
and just a throw into the deal, like just a complete chuck in Matt Niskanen,
who would, you know, after having success in Dallas,
had somehow run out of favor there.
You know, things weren't going well.
He goes to Pittsburgh, kind of revives everything, had a couple couple great years with them and then has been a beast ever since he got
to washington until it just shows i mean you get traded when you're younger and you think oh
some people may think oh what the fuck's going on but uh one man's trash is another man's treasure
that's what they say right all right that's what they'd say right uh random uh throw-in story uh toronto maple leafs and
st louis blues they were uh engaging in a trade lee stepniak going to toronto
for uh carlo coliacavo was it carlo and uh someone on st louis side was like hey see if
they'll throw in steen and so they called him back, and sure enough, they're like,
yeah, sure, we'll throw in Steen.
And Steen came back to St. Louis, and that's a pretty wild throw-in story.
I mean, the career that he's had in St. Louis for being a throw-in.
Yeah, I remember he got traded when he was young from Toronto.
I'm like, why did they trade this guy?
He's like a late first-round pick, I think.
And that's why.
So I was like, see if he can get Steener.
Yeah, when we were at training camp, somebody told me that story, so it was like see if you can get steiner yeah when we were at training camp somebody told me that story and i'm like are you fucking kidding me
it was i didn't wasn't chris draper didn't someone get him for a dollar was it detroit who got him
from a dollar yeah doug mclean was uh part of that deal he was telling me the story one time former
uh gm of of columbus and and uh coach of the panthers he's a beauty at work for sports net
he actually said he'd come on here one time.
We'll bring him on.
We'll tell him that story this summer.
Any other wild throw-in stories or crazy late-minute additions to trades
that you know off the top of your head, guys?
I think fans really enjoy this.
I don't think a lot of people knew about the Steen one.
I didn't.
Hey, you know, I always heard that Corey Perry got
Edmonton was going to trade to Anaheim,
Mike Comrie, and they were going to get back Corey Perry.
This is when Corey Perry was still in the OHL in London.
He had already been picked in, I think, the first round by Anaheim.
But then Edmonton made  they made a demand that if they made the deal,
Comrie had to pay back the bonus money they had paid to him
because he wanted the trade out.
And I don't know if I'm getting this exactly right,
but I'm pretty sure he was like,
I ain't giving back any of the money, obviously.
And Edmonton was like, all right, no deal.
So they could have had Perry.
What?
Dude, I've heard this from different sources.
I could be screwing up the story, but I'm telling you,
I think that's legit.
I would love to hear all these crazy things that happen behind the scenes.
Of course, they try to keep it under wraps as much as possible.
You got any crazy Boston ones, R.A.?
You need the general manager equivalent of Commodore to come on.
Someone who doesn't game anymore, just doesn't give a fuck.
I'm going to put out a guess here that when Kami comes on in a minute or so,
he will have a throw-in story.
I'd be surprised if he doesn't.
Let's get him on.
So let's keep in mind, Babcock one time when I was walking through
after being a healthy scratch against Phoenix against Detroit,
it was in Phoenix or Glendale, Arizona.
And Babcock, all I hear is my name, Biz, Biz.
And Babcock comes out of the dressing room and he runs up and he's like, hey, man, you might have to get a picture for my kid.
But I was like, what?
Mike fucking Babcock?
And like I'm a bit of a clown.
So you'd think that he's like heard about me and he's like, that guy's a fucking loser, right?
Because we're just on different planets.
And then they were down 3-0 in a playoff series when he was in Detroit.
And he called me out of the blue.
This is when I was making my Calder Cup run in Manchester.
I didn't have the number, but I answered.
And it was Mike Babcock.
And he asked me if I wanted to come to his charity golf tournament that summer.
And I'm thinking, holy fuck.
Tommy's going to fight you, dude.
So I'm fucking Team Babcock.
All right.
I love this.
I know.
And I'm going to say, hey, I need some proof.
And I want to get the GM of Detroit on the phone, if we can, to confirm that if Mike Babcock did, in fact, sign him just to fuck with him.
And then we always tell the story about my buddy and how he told me he'd never play another game in NHL arena.
Well, Mike Babcock was fucking right.
He didn't.
So does that make him a bad guy hey uh
biz i can only see your mind like inside your head right now like babcock's like hey biz
and immediately you're like i get a contract from detroit i think i got i think they might
sign me to a one-year deal coach fucking loves me this is unbelievable now i'm gonna get another
eight that could be 700 that's tax free i'd have to tax 450 it's a couple more outfits and a sick
car i'm set i fucking told my agent that that summer because that was the end of my career in Arizona.
I said, hey, reach out to Detroit.
Maybe Babcock will want to get me.
Tell him I'll come to my charity fucking golf tournament.
I'll sign him.
He can tweet for our team.
Yeah, I'll sign him and staple him to the fucking bench.
I've got to play devil's advocate with commie is all I'm saying. Cause I like this whole story.
And quickly.
Oh,
sorry.
All right,
go ahead.
Oh,
I was going to say,
well,
I texted you guys earlier.
I had a text from my,
my,
my phone shit,
the bed,
man,
there's no more naked feeling now in 2018 than not having your
fucking phone on you.
Like,
well,
yeah,
24 seven,
dude.
Well,
that too,
but even just like normal communications,
I had,
I didn't know you can tweet from your iPad. I mean, I text But even just like normal communications. I didn't know you can tweet from your iPad.
I mean, text from your iPad.
Thank God.
I had no way to get in touch because I was locked out of all my emails too.
It was fucking  it's kind of freeing at the end of the day.
But it sucks when it's going on.
I forgot my phone when I went to the grocery store today.
I didn't have it for 90 minutes.
I thought I was going to have a fucking panic attack.
Seriously. People are saying like,
yeah, I want to,
if I'm Washington,
I want to win the cup in Vegas.
Like they're going to end up
coming home after the game.
Yeah.
It's not,
I think people think
they would probably stay there.
They just,
they'll be in the locker room
for like six, seven hours
and then they'll hop on a plane.
Oh yeah.
The Bruins are gone
after like two hours.
Well, I mean,
if there's one guy
who would know what to do with that thing it would be our next guest the stanley cup i'm referring to
and that's mike commodore because he did win one and then he went on a six-year heater
a funny story about comedy when the cup he went to most of his guys i believe all of his guys in
north america stanley cup parties yeah he told us that he was on a tour Went to most of his guys. I believe all of his guys in North America Stanley Cup parties.
Yeah, he told us that.
He was on a tour.
He told us that the first time he came on.
All right.
Hey, quickly, though, guys, before we get to Commodore, you know how Father's Day is coming up, and I'm now a father.
I don't know if you guys have ever heard you guys that. That's what I'm sex with.
Awesome.
But, you know, like, I always struggle trying to figure out a gift for my dad,
but I have finally a great idea for you guys.
And that idea is Tommy John because Tommy John combined state-of-the-art
design with a patented 21st century fabric to provide a mind-blowing
underwear experience.
Any dad can appreciate,
you know what I'm talking about from fig leaves to loincloths,
to tidy whiteys.
Dads have gone great lengths over the years to find terrible underwear to wear that worked for them.
This year, give your dad the gift of evolved underwear with the limited edition Father's Day gift sets from Tommy John.
As a Tommy John customer myself, I can tell you firsthand this stuff is absolutely incredible.
Plus, all Tommy John underwear is backed by their best pair he'll ever wear or it's free guarantee.
Philly guarantee.
So you've got nothing to lose.
This Father's Day, give the dad in your life a gift
that's ahead of its time. Evolved underwear from
Tommy John. Shop
limited edition Father's Day gift sets at
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets now
and get 20 off your first order.
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets
for 20 off.
It's legit. TommyJohn.com slash
chicklets.
So let's bring in our boy, Commie.
Now we bring on our man,
one of the most requested,
if not the most requested guest we have,
Mike Commodore.
Commie, I first want to tell you that you and Biz are going to have a beef coming up here
because there's something we just chatted about
that you're going to be disgusted to hear.
But first off, tell us where you're at.
What's going on?
I'm in Calgary, Alberta.
I've been here pretty much full time for a while.
Actually, I got up after having basically sweet fuck all going on in my life other than trying to hit the ball fucking square on the range and on the golf course.
I actually have a fucking
full-time job now what yeah i know i am officially the director of sales and marketing for triton
land services in calgary i don't know fuck all about land services i don't know fuck all about
sales and i don't know fuck all about marketing but you could tell a couple good hockey stories and you gotta get
investors in and they'll all fucking be
off your palm of your hand I can do that
and I can crush drinks if I have to so
but honestly it's actually been pretty good
I felt like for me it was time to try something
I wanted to try something here in Calgary
actually it's been good
it's I mean there's the moments
like fuck who my boss
is 26 he owns a company outright
like this guy's got his shit together and what like kind of a funny story was we just so he
like the reason why i'm on this fucking computer is because he gave it to me so he gave me a
computer he gave me an iphone he gave me a credit card he's like you're in i'm like fuck you're
locking me down i can't say next month anymore so he gives me all this stuff so we start doing
this and he wants me to do quotes.
So he's like, hey, and so I'm looking over at his screen, you know, we're sitting actually
here at my kitchen table and doing some quotes.
And so he's got like this fucking spreadsheet up and he's like putting some numbers in and
they're all adding up at the bottom.
And I'm like, oh, I'm looking over.
I'm like, oh, shit.
I'm like, it adds it up like that.
And he looks at me.
He's like, dude, have you never used Microsoft Excel before? I'm like, it adds it up like that? And he looks at me. He's like, dude, have you never used Microsoft Excel before?
I'm like, fuck no.
I didn't have a laptop in college.
And he's like, he looked at me like I was the biggest fucking donkey in the world.
And then he just started laughing.
He's like, fuck, we got a ways to go.
I'm like, you hired me, bud.
I think this acquisition has a lot to do with the fact that Stampede is exactly one month away right now.
Now, could that be just a coincidence?
It's actually kind of an unfortunate thing.
I'm going to have to stampede.
I'm going to have to start Stampede a little bit earlier this year, Paul, because I'm going with Ryan overseas on the first Saturday.
I know before he hired me,
I told him,
I'm like,
Hey man,
I got two trips.
I got one in June and I got one July 7th.
I know it's the,
it's the Clary Har,
Horkoff Invitational.
I know it's on Stampede.
I know that's not ideal.
I promise I'll take guys out and light it up like the Wednesday,
Thursday,
Friday before,
and I'll try and make it up.
So you're going to be selfless.
So you're going to be selfless. So you're going to be selfless.
Sacrifices.
Sacrifices.
So Witts, tell us about the golf trip.
Oh, well, I mean, for people who are hockey fans,
I mean, I'm glad you're on here, Common, because to explain it, I'll forget.
Danny Cleary and Sean Hornikoff started this golf trip, what was it,
six years ago now? Seven, maybe? Six. I'll forget. Danny Cleary and Sean Hornikoff started this golf trip. What was it?
Six years ago now?
Seven maybe?
Six.
And this is an invitational.
This has been clearly described where you are invited.
You could be not invited back.
Certain things happen.
You will not be invited back.
Kami and I are lucky to get the look every year.
Actually, funny story.
I used to help out a little with Cleary and Hornikoff.
They do so much work. And I was like, guys, I helped this year. I think I did something. I bought balls help out a little with Cleary and Horkoff. They do so much work.
And I was like, guys, I helped this year.
I think I did something.
I bought balls for people to set up one course.
And I was like, so I want my initials and the logo because they get logos of like nice SHDC.
I'll send the swag out to the  I'll make sure people see it on Twitter.
So one year I'm like  they're like, oh, we got your initials.
And I'm like, what are you guys talking about?
And they're like, look, and you know, like the TM trademark and a hat that's like,
it was smaller than small and it was RW instead of TM.
I'm like, you mother fucker. But to get off story,
we're going to Scotland this year, 16 guys, myself, Commodore,
Horkoff, Cleary, Zetterberg backstrom eric carl
eric carlson todd bertuzzi ryan malone call me who am i forgetting i mean man there's so many
fucking guys uh i covered a lot of them oh that's some heavy artillery right there boys
that those are big boys and in scotland too yeah yeah and then we've just had a great time we've
pretty much do europe every other year.
We did Ireland with this group.
We did Bandon Dunes, Pebble Beach.
We've played, I mean, we've played insane golf courses.
And we get after it out on the course.
They give you a flask.
That's one of the gifts that Cleary and Horncuff give you.
And that's just used constantly.
So that will be me and Commie's 10 days or eight days together
or whatever it is in Scotland.
Well, me and R.A. haven't been, and R.A., I might be picking your brain here.
You guys said that you could potentially not be invited back.
Now, do you have any stories about a guy who has been
and who has not been invited back?
Well, it's funny you mention that because just the other night.
I know exactly what you're going to say.
Just the other night, John Michael Lyles, smooth skating, NHL vet.
What did he play?
18 years it felt like.
Good player.
Hell of a player and a good golfer.
But what happened to this man and guys out there, women, listen, I think you'll respect this.
You can't miss one of these trips, right?
It doesn't matter.
And John Michaels Lyles, his wife gave birth at a time when the trip was happening.
So selfish.
And you got to make choices.
And he made the right one.
But he's out of the golf trip right now.
You got to plan better.
And Lyles is a great guy, great player.
I mean, this is how tough.
This is an invitational.
It's big.
What did he tweet?
What did he tweet the other night, call me?
He said, like, still waiting on my invite.
Missed one year because I had a kid and never been invited back.
It was something like that.
It's like, yeah, that's right.
If this goes public, the amount of liberals out there,
you guys might get attacked on social media.
Kevin Shattenkirk wrote back to me and said,
Hey, Lyle, yeah, and that's what they should have done.
It was in the contract.
Did you play for Dale Sutter?
Yeah, I did in Calgary.
Briefly, I wasn't here long, but I did, yeah.
Wasn't he one guy who you would get a little pissed off about
guys having kids during the season, and if you missed the game, he wasn't fucking happy about it?
He would, you know, I got to be totally honest.
I wasn't here for much of the season because I was in the minors,
but he would seem like if he had, he was like the dude that, like, yeah,
I could totally see him being like that.
He was like, if you wore a visor and you were young, he didn't like you he was kind of one of those guys it was like i love it i love it wearing a visor like
you're a fucking you soft pussy yeah i love coaches like that because i was the opposite he didn't
care that if i could make a tape tape pass he more cared that i was wearing a fucking visor
he's like oh yeah you get in there grit it out it didn't matter maybe your stick handling wasn't
quite up the par or maybe you weren't the quickest guy out there you didn't give a shit if you if
you worked for him he was usually pretty good so calm going back to hockey you've been watching
the stanley cup and if so you're pulling for anyone in particular well once again i guess
you know i like being honest with you guys my Stanley Cup final was in the
first round to be honest after that I gotta be I mean yeah I'm cheering for buddies you know I'd
like to see Vegas win you know Neal's on the team the real deal I like him Backstrom's on the other
team good guy no kneeler a little bit better but to be honest my Stanley Cup finals was in the first fucking round. I know who. I won.
Go Bruins.
After all, I'm like, it's over for me.
I'm like, I'm good.
I'm like, I don't give a shit who wins.
I'm all set.
As long as fucking Babcock's out, I'm good.
I was the biggest fucking Bruins fan.
I like the Bruins anyways.
How much money did you put on them?
I did put a little bit on Bet360
online here up in Canada.
I should have put more. I've got to be honest,
that fucking Toronto team scares me,
but I was so happy. They're just
shit-kicking them, too.
The scores were out of hand in a couple of those
games. I'm just loving it.
Just loving it. A couple
reports in Toronto said that Babcock had a
fly down in the Scots to smooth things over with Austin Matthews.
I mean, does it sound like the writing's already on the wall with those two or what?
Dude, I fucking hope so.
That's like my dream come true.
If there's one person in that organization that can make that guy look bad
and that can fucking get that guy kicked out to the curb as quickly as possible,
it's Austin Matthews.
I hope they had a hold.
I mean, I've never met Austin.
He follows me on Twitter.
He's a great player.
I hope he hates it.
Nice kid.
I was with him the other day in Scottsdale.
I was working on the inside trying to get him over to the Coyotes.
Nice.
Yeah, fuck yeah.
That'd be good for fucking Phoenix.
Call me found out where Babcock was meeting Matthews in one of those strip mall plazas.
And he probably got a job as one of those cash for gold guys that just can dress up in a costume.
And then he gets out of the car and just suckers him.
Oh, God, would I fucking love to.
Is he aware of your hatred for him?
Has to be at this point.
He's got to know a little bit.
Yeah, I would assume.
I don't know.
I mean, I would think so, probably.
I mean, and part of the controversy coming in this episode is I'm a bit of a Babcock fan.
All right, guys, I've had enough.
This is like Hulk Hogan and Andre the Giant.
Just because I put you in my shoes
I'm not going to lose my marbles
And I'm going to hear you out
Normally when people say that shit around
I have to walk away
But I'm going to listen to you
He told Biz he was funny on Twitter
He asked me for a picture
And he said his kid was a big fan
In the hallway after I was a healthy scratcher
I was down on my
dumps so i'm walking by the room and he and i didn't even know he knew my fucking name
and i thought that i wouldn't have been his type of guy because i'm just a clown
so that was the first uh i guess meeting then we're in the calder cup uh finals and i get a
call from him random number i didn't know who it was and i and i answer and, and it was him, and he wanted me to come to his charity golf tournament.
And he does charity.
So right there, another great guy, great move by him, and invited me to it.
Dude, everybody does fucking charities.
Everybody does fucking charities.
If you make fucking 60 million or whatever he is, and you don't put some kind of event on,
it's going to get in the media, and you're going to look like a true fucking asshole.
All that guy cares about is the fucking media.
Sorry, Paul.
Okay.
Sure enough.
Then, obviously, I've heard the scenario with you.
Do you have any proof that he signed you just to fuck you?
Should we call?
I fucking talked to him on the phone 10 minutes into free agency, Paul.
He told me, right?
Go ahead. Sorry. Yeah, I know. But were things maybe not working out? talked to him on the phone 10 minutes into free agency paul he told me right go ahead sorry yeah
i i know but like were things maybe not working out during the season or do you genuinely think
he just tried to fuck you he fucked it from the beginning paul paul when when you're when you come
to camp oh and you play a couple exhibition games the The exhibition season went okay. And when the season starts and you're scratched, okay, you know,
there's some good players there.
You know, that's fine.
Five games in a row, wings are like 0-5 or maybe 1-4, not doing well.
You've got no changes.
Press box, press box.
Paul, when I'm trying to practice and it's the two-on-one drill,
I go back to this all the time because I couldn't fucking
believe it when it happened.
And I'm trying
to practice. So I get to go while everybody
goes through. Nick Lidstrom goes first. I'm
bringing up the ass end. I get
to go. I play one two-on-one. Everybody
gets to go again. Well, it's Mike's turn
again. I'm about to skate out to the middle of the ice, take
a two-on-one, blow the whistle down.
Blow the drills over. Done. Three-on-two, blow the whistle down, blow the drills over. Done.
Three-on-two, say fucking thing.
I mean, try to.
This would happen frequently?
Every fucking practice.
Oh, man.
Okay.
So there's a  I told you the Sean O'Connor story, did I not?
There's a lockout year, and he was for uh anaheim's farm team in
cincinnati babcock is a head coach at the time of the anaheim ducks so they do like a promotional
game at the pond in anaheim so they both ahl teams fly there and sean o'connor's taping his stick
before the the game and he's a he's like a fourth line plug in the american league babcock comes
walking out and he starts staring right into the crowd and obviously sean o'connor's like not a little starstruck but he's like oh shit like the head
coach of the fucking nhl team and babcock without looking at him goes pretty nice rink eh and he's
like yeah sean's like yeah it's amazing and then babcock goes well enjoy it because this will be
the last time you ever play in the nhl arena. And he walked back down the hallway. But he never played another game in an NHL arena.
So he was bang on.
Like, what the fuck?
Yeah.
What kind of fucking asshole says that?
I mean, yeah, it's kind of funny now.
Like, don't get me wrong.
Like, yeah, that's kind of funny.
But, I mean, fuck, are you kidding me?
What kind of a dick says that?
Four fucking kids grinding it out in Cincinnati,
which Mike Babcock should know plenty about
because he coached there for three or four years,
whatever the fuck it was.
Poor bastard comes up.
He's getting to play a fucking preseason.
It's a big deal, and he shits all over him.
What an asshole.
Fuck, I hate that guy.
First shift, took an offensive zone penalty.
Second shift, Cronwall pump faked him at the blue line. He slides, like, out an offensive zone penalty. Second shift, Cronwall pump-faked him at the blue line.
He slides out of the zone.
He walks around and goes far down.
He finished the game with two minors and was minus two.
He was sent down as soon as they got back to Cincinnati.
Never played another game in the American League.
Yeah, I feel bad for that guy.
I mean, put yourself in his shoes.
Just have that call before the game come, tell you.
And you'll be like, man, I got to do something out out here and then you just get walked and you're taking penalties hey and it wasn't even to a guy who's like a an established good ahl player which
it would almost like you know whatever if you're gonna be a prick at least you do it to a guy who
knows he's gonna be a stud trying to get up going you're trying to give a stud. You're trying to get him going. You're trying to give him a wake-up call. No, it's the kid who's lucky to get a fucking AHL game.
That's what a fucking prick.
Tell the listeners,
Madano, it was blatant where he didn't get to 1,500, correct?
Yeah, so there's the story that I like to tell,
and I wish Mo would.
I mean, I'm just some asshole that played for a little while
that managed to be on a
couple teams that were good you want a cup I want a cup yeah but I wasn't leading the team and
scoring we'll just leave it like that Mike Medano was the fucking first ballot hall of famer so the
story I wish he would fucking tell this story I've told him a couple times I'm like man would you
please fucking tell this too classy I mean I don't know if i like the word classy
because that means i'm not but uh yeah probably yeah and he probably wants a job in hockey and
that's a good way to fucking torture yourself right out of it but anyways the story is last
year mike medano plays in dallas minnesota dallas whole crew anyways we all know his story last year
he's from michigan det signs him. He's playing.
And so he plays the whole year.
He gets hurt, like whatever.
Anyways, point of the story is there's three games left in the season.
One of them is against fucking Minnesota.
The other one might have been against Dallas.
And there was another home game in Detroit.
Mike Medano's healthy, ready to go.
If you look at Mike Medano's games played on fucking
HockeyDB or any of them, NHL
games played, there's
three games left to go in the season.
They're in the playoffs. This is a Hall of Famer.
Putting him out on the ice ain't gonna
fucking hurt you. Mike Medano's
final games played in the NHL is
1,499
games fucking played.
He sat him out the last three games.
Three games scratched.
Oh, my fucking God.
Media asked that fucking prick, like, hey, like, you know,
ask him, you know, you need one game for 1,500.
Like, you know, we didn't bring Mike Badano in here for the regular season.
We brought him in here for the playoffs.
Oh, he spun it.
Always has a spin zone.
He's always got a spin zone.
Now, so he didn't say a word to Medano.
None of the boys went in the room and said, are you fucking kidding me?
If you don't play him, we're not playing?
Were you fighting for playoff positioning?
I was not there.
No, I don't think so.
These were like three games, like just three games at the end of the year
yeah i mean to be honest who gives a shit but like if you're into the playoffs but
honestly like i think i would like to think that basically any other coach that i played for
other than there's a couple other one or two other guys but by and
large like they would go the other way like there's three games left okay look Mike seriously
I know your knees sore like we got to get you in here I don't give a shit if you play one shift
like get out there don't go just put your fucking feet on the ice
off the bench anything anything just get them on get them there get them on the ice. Give him a 10-minute misconduct off the bench. Anything. Anything.
Just get him there.
Get him on the score sheet.
There's 1,500 games.
I mean, that's a huge accomplishment.
But no.
He goes the other way.
He fucking scratches him.
Wow.
That might have swayed my opinion to, like, I'm medium now.
I'm like, I still really like him.
But around you, I'm going to say, no, I don't like him either.
Wow.
Yeah, you're team Babs.
We got to hang out more, Paul.
And I'm going to make it my fucking goal to have you hate them almost as much as I do.
Stop calling it.
We should do a special stampede edition of Spitting Chicklets where we go bank a bunch of interviews and I'll get my team Babcock t-shirts.
Oh, God.
Oh, man.
Antagonizing, I guess.
Maybe we'll get him there for a little head-to-head interview to hear his side of the story.
Should we get him on the pod?
Get him on the podcast.
This is bullshit.
He'll spin that fucking thing.
Tommy, he's a lefty.
He'd probably pump your eyes shut.
Imagine if he dumbed you at Stampede.
Dude, you want to know what I've been doing for the last fucking 10 months?
Muay Thai boxing.
I'm ready to rock.
Muay Thai boxing.
Can you arm bar people and shit?
No, no.
This is like kickboxing.
It actually saved my ass.
A few weekends ago, I got sucker punched
in Edmonton.
I got the shit out of the guy.
You're getting street fights, man. You're like 50 years old.
Still haven't had that on Alberta?
I saw you at the hospital.
Earlier in the day, I see a picture
of you boozing, playing men's hockey, and later you're at the hospital, that picture after you  Yeah. Earlier in the day, I see a picture of you boozing, playing men's league hockey,
and later you're at the hospital.
So explain that one.
Went to  for the Alzheimer's tournament, charity tournament,
doing another charity tournament just like Babs.
Went up to
Went up to Edmonton.
Go up to Edmonton.
That day we didn't play hockey.
So that day, long story short, you know, you show up,
there's a bunch of guys come in.
You come in and you check into the hotel and you go have a up there's a bunch of guys come in you come
in and you check into the hotel and you go have a lunch you it's kind of a little bit of a formal
lunch you go yeah you're floored like depending on how high you want to do drafted because these
teams raise money whoever raises the most money gets the first pick there's a draft so usually
you go out and have a few beers so i got drafted first overall the year before i'm like you know
what i really don't need to be fucking flooring it at one in the afternoon.
I'm just going to kind of coast through this, have a good time.
But my point, my goal is not to get drafted first overall.
So go through the after, even nice and easy.
Go to the draft.
Go through the draft.
And then we end up going to the bar after.
So I didn't have any dinner.
It's like 11 o'clock at night.
And I'm like, fuck, I got to play first thing thing in the morning i should probably get a little food in me although
it doesn't matter it's a fucking beer league game but i was starving so i popped my head out the
door it was right downtown edmonton and there's a falafel place across the street i'm like perfect
i'll just grab something little come back in here for a couple beers i'll be out of here by midnight
on my way in so i walk across the street i'm walking into the falafel place. There's three guys standing
outside.
One of them is fucking pretty big, to be honest.
Big guy stands up in front of me. I have not said
a word. I'm not hammered. I remember
everything. Walking in, the guy's like,
let's wrestle.
I look at the guy. I'm like, let's wrestle.
I go, dude, I'm not wrestling
you. Just walk around him.
I go inside. i grab a bite to
eat takes 10 minutes go walk out same guys are outside guy stands in my right my way again
goes we're wrestling i'm like dude i'm i'm not wrestling you what can those words come out my
mouth some dude from my left sucker punch like hard so i go down to what i did not see it coming
so i go down right to one knee i'm like what the fuck bleeding all over myself so i go down to what i did not see it coming so i go down right to one knee i'm like
what the fuck bleeding all over myself so i stood up kicked the guy because the one guy who wanted
to wrestle was right in front of me so i knew i had to create some space because i wanted to go
after the fucker that punched me so i kicked him it's called a teep in muay thai kicked him
i booted him right in the chest. So he went flying back into the
chairs and I went right after his buddy
and beat the shit out of him.
Like that.
Has nothing
come up from this?
No phone calls or nothing?
No, the cops gave me a ride to the hospital actually.
Oh. Yeah, no, it was
great. So I pounded
that guy and then the cops jumped on me
and i ended up i was pissed off obviously i'm like what the fuck i didn't do anything
and i'm pissed off i tried to get after the guy that want to arrest me i'm like you want to wrestle
now motherfucker now you're steaming i'm pissed cops like calm down calm down i'm like fuck that
and finally then i'm like cool down a little bit i'm like gotta go to the hospital the cops are nice they're like just get in the back of the cool down a little bit. I'm like, I got to go to the hospital. The cops are nice.
They're like, just get in the back of the car.
We'll give you a ride over there.
So I have to go to the hospital.
So no longer in the NHL.
These things don't just get taken care of.
I end up sitting at the downtown hospital in Edmonton from midnight, quarter to 12, call it,
till 7 in the morning waiting to get fucking three stitches.
Well, that's Canada.
Free health care, right?
And you start waiting for it. Hey hey that's edmonton dude instead of having an appetizer you're just
getting a fight before dinner to their defense the strangers that want to wrestle you do have
the type of face where a stranger would want to wrestle you to their defect and also in that
moment of when you got suckered you went down to one knee were you it
was a kind of like matrix shit where you were calculating all the next moves in your head of
what you were going to do because now you've been all doing this muay thai and shit i did have quite
a bit of confidence i would say once i fucking gathered my wits after getting fucking stroked
once i gathered together i'm like i'm gonna fucking hit somebody hard and then i couldn't
believe i threw a kick, to be honest.
That was a little, I mean, I'm not that good at it.
It's training.
Yeah.
And one other thing I wanted to tell you guys,
and I know you guys will wit and call me.
I don't know if you're a huge golf fan, R.A.,
but this is another wrestling story that I heard from Jason LaBarbera.
So Jason LaBarbera was buddies with an up-and-coming golfer in the PGA, fan all right but this is another wrestling story that i heard from jason la barbara so jason la
barbara was buddies with an up-and-coming golfer uh in the pga and he lived in scottsdale and he
was telling the story where um ernie ells they were heading back overseas for a tournament have
you heard this one call me yeah call me is the one who told me this story oh okay well then i want i
want you to tell it because you'll probably tell it better than me well yeah i don't tell it so i heard the story from uh well i don't know if i should use names
it doesn't really matter but yeah it would use them no it doesn't matter it doesn't fucking
matter it's a great story it was uh i didn't believe it i didn't believe it when you told
me and then i had multiple people confirm it.
Yeah.
So it was like, what was the, I can't remember the one guy's name.
The up and coming golfer.
Was it Steve Marino?
Yeah.
Steve Marino.
That's right.
So Steve Marino just gets on tour.
All fired up.
Anyways, he's playing and ends up, he's sitting in Florida and sitting at a bar, crushing some beers, sitting there by himself.
I'm guessing,
whatever.
And Ernie Els walks in and sits down and they have a couple of beers.
And anyways,
Els is like,
well,
what do you do for a living?
So Ernie Els has no fucking clue who this guy is.
No idea.
So Marino's like,
well,
actually I'm,
you know,
so many spots ahead of you on the money list.
Ha ha ha.
You know,
they have a big laugh.
Like,
yeah,
it's funny.
So they both laugh. And so Ernie likes them or whatever. And list. Ha ha ha. You know, they have a big laugh. Like, yeah, it's funny.
So they both laugh until Ernie likes them or whatever. And he's like, hey, you know, are you playing over in Japan this year?
Like, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Well, you know what?
I have a jet.
Why don't you come back with me?
We'll come back to Florida together.
He's like, oh, yeah, this is great.
Like, this guy's never been.
Yeah, awesome.
So he's never been on a private jet before.
He's all fired up.
So he thinks about this. This Japanese tournament's like three. Yeah, awesome. So he's never been on a private jet before. He's all fired up. So he thinks about this.
This Japanese tournament's like three months down the road.
So they see each other every once in a while on the course.
Just kind of, hey, Ernie, you're in the locker room.
What's going on?
You know, he's all fired up.
Can't wait.
Gets to Japan.
So they go through.
They both make the cut.
And he's sitting there.
They still haven't talked since then.
So he's like, God, like, I don't have a flight.
Like, I hope.
I hope Ernie's going to take me on his plane.
Like, he's not sure. So he's sitting there waiting with his bags, waiting, like, I don't have a flight. Like, I hope, I hope Ernie's going to take me on his plane. Like, he's not sure.
So he's sitting there waiting with his bags, waiting, waiting, waiting.
And Ernie finishes his round, comes in.
He's like, Steve, you ready to go?
Plane's ready to rock.
He's like, yes, yes.
I finally get a ride on a jet.
So they get on the plane.
It's just the two of them sit down.
They're crushing beers on the plane, take off, get some food, this and that.
They're having a blast.
This merino's like, this is the greatest time of my life.
I'm flying private.
I'm crushing beers.
The food's incredible.
This is awesome.
So they're standing kind of in the aisle or whatever.
And Ernie Elf comes up to him and says something like, oh, you having a good time?
And Steve's like, yeah, this is great. He's shit-faced. And
Ernie goes, now we fight. And
straight up headbutts him.
Headbutts him. Like hard.
Like cuts him open.
Let him open and like knock the tooth
out. So they start fucking
Ernie starts throwing him around all over the place.
The co-pilot comes back yelling and screaming
because the balance of the plane. You got to sit down this and that so they
apparently he said ernie not again and they went while they were fighting oh oh really oh the co
the co-pilot was like ernie not again what the fuck and so he because apparently this is a regular
occurrence oh that's funny yeah apparently he does love it and so they sit
like ernie sits at the front of the plane steve's at the back he's covered in blood he's like what
the fuck shit face he's like man this can't be real yeah he's like i'm just gonna go to sleep
like this gotta be a dream like fuck my best night of my life's turned into a nightmare so he goes to
sleep and sometime later
he like opens up his eyes and ernie ells is towering over him just strokes him they're at it
the co-pilot comes out and it's like hey you guys fucking stop this if you don't stop like we're
grounding the plane and california or hawaii or however far they were like that's it so they sit
down and then marino's like, same thing,
nightmare, goes to sleep or
tries to sleep, whatever. He's fucking petrified.
They end up flying in Florida.
Obviously, he's sitting at the back of the plane.
He's waiting for Ernie to grab his bags
and go. He's like, oh my God, I never want to see this
guy again. He goes
to walk down the stairs. Ernie's standing there
waiting at the bottom of the stairs. He's like, oh my
God, this guy's going to shit kick me on the tarmac now. He walks down the stairs and Ernie's standing there waiting at the bottom of the stairs. He's like, oh my God, this guy's going to shit kick me on the
tarmac now. And he walks down the
stairs and Ernie's like, great flight, Steve. We'll
see you around.
It's confirmed. Like confirmed. He lost
a tooth and everything. Dude, and
Ernie O's is like 6'4", 235
and he just gets shit can and loves
wrestling and dummying people.
I think somebody beat, there's  I can't remember the tournament,
so I'm not going to get into the story because I don't know enough details.
But, yeah, apparently he loves dummying people.
But I think he met his match because there's a tournament that happened
a few years ago.
I think it was at Pebble Beach where he had a hat on,
but he had like a big bandage.
And apparently he went after the wrong golfer in the parking lot
and the guy just beat the shit out of him
in the parking lot.
Hey, because it was a Muay Thai
golfer.
He's talking to Kami's instructor.
What a fucking weirdo.
I'll fly you around the planet.
We're just going to fight like Peter Griffin and the chicken
for fucking 17 hours instead.
Yeah, exactly.
Before I get to my next question, this interview was
also brought to you by the Black Tux. For more than a year now, I've been wearing the Black Tux
to all my special events and weddings. Now I'm at the age where my friend's kids are getting
married and, you know, I've outgrown all my old suits. They don't fit anymore and you don't want
to go buy new ones. So you go to Black Tux. It never gets old to me because they always have
new and exciting styles for the big event. And and plus you always want to look as good as your lady or your guy or whoever you take away you
and that's that's what you get the black tux whether you're going for a style selected outfit
or building a custom look the black tux has tons of new suits and tuxedos to choose from for your
big spring events they're always changing up their looks looks making it fun to try out different
suits different tuxedos even if you have your own switching up with the Black Tux is a great idea.
You know, my suits are old.
They're old.
I'm throwing them all out.
I'm going with the Black Tux all the time because it's so convenient.
And with the new fit algorithm, you don't have to awkwardly measure yourself or ask
a friend for help.
The Black Tux does it for you.
Plus, the Black Tux free home try-on lets you see the fit and feel the quality of your
suit months before your event.
So you make sure you're looking fine when you get there.
After ordering, your suit will arrive 14 days before your event.
And remember how simple returns are.
Wear it.
Turn heads.
Then send it back three days after your event.
Shipping is free both ways.
Can't beat it.
Stand out at your event for the right reasons with the Black Tux.
To get 20 off your purchase, visit the black tux.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
That's the black tux.com slash chicklets for 20 off your purchase.
The black tux, premium rental suits and tuxedos delivered.
So, Kami, we're coming up on your 12-year anniversary of the Stanley Cup I mentioned earlier.
It's 2006.
Now, we were talking before the show.
Rumor is you went to every single
one of your teammates' party after you guys won
the Cup. Is that true?
Every single one in North America, yeah.
And if I could do it over again, I should
have went to Europe too.
Looking back, it's so true. Why didn't I
go to way more stuff? I'd be sitting in the
same place I am now.
You said you had the best year of your career the year after,
didn't you?
Yeah. Next year was probably my best year. You said you had the best year of your career the year after, didn't you? The next year, yeah.
Next year was probably my best year.
I had like
29 points, which was a lot for me.
I played every game. I had a great year.
Is that what got you the deal in Columbus?
It was probably a combination
of winning and then, yeah.
I would say for sure.
I should have partied more. I might have had 50 points.
How many parties altogether?
What did you go through across all of North America?
I mean,
cause I know that,
you know,
23 guys in Rasta,
but there's other guys who play and all that stuff.
How many parties altogether?
And that's a lot of partying.
I think it was like,
yeah,
it was a lot.
15.
I want to say.
Yeah.
It was 15.
Like,
and that's 15 Superbowl parties too. parties too every one of them's the person's
number one party ever not one of them did i like go i'll be like you know what i'm just
gonna have a couple in the background i'm like where's that cup i'm drinking that would have
been a slap in the face to whoever's party it was that you didn't who had the best one
um man how you got fucking shit faced at these things none of them were like whitney must have had a
good one ray and i because ray and i are from the same uh hometown so ray and i split three days
yeah uh so yeah that yeah ray was good none of them were like like crazy like broads everywhere
anything like that they were all like family affairs and stuff like that um but no i mean
doug waits was fun that's where
ray went and picked the ray and i both went we flew to st louis on a plane to go pick the cup up
so we went to doug's party and then because otherwise the flight from st louis to edmonton
commercial would have taken all day so ray had a rented apartment i wasn't renting the fucking
plane ray had fucking been in the nhl for 25 years at that point so he paid for it um but yeah doug's was good um i mean they were
all good i honestly it's pretty hazy if you like if you're looking at the cup now like obviously
we watched the game tonight do you think back and have any memories because at this point in the
season each guy is so superstitious even if you're not superstitious you're doing the same thing do
you like remember your pre-game stuff or who you used to bump knocks with or stuff like that before and your guys run
to the cup uh i mean it wasn't quite like yeah no i mean i was superstitious i wouldn't say like
anything insane i put my shit on the same way i ate at uh where the fuck was olive garden
macaroni grill i ate there every single time like for that playoff run i'm like man because
we lost the we got spanked by montreal in game one in the first round and then i switched it up
and went to macaroni or no no we got spanked in the first two games i wasn't at macaroni grill
we lost a game in the first round we lost our first two games at home against montreal so then
we went one and two and i, I got to switch it up.
I went to Macaroni Grill.
We won game five, and I went to Montreal and won game six.
And I'm like, fucking Macaroni Grill it is.
So I never changed.
What else did I do?
Always in between rounds, I get shit-faced.
Like, I was like, always.
Like, not like
Like a mini celebration.
Yeah.
It was like, it depended on how many days off we had, but at least one, maybe two.
I don't think we ever really had three, but yeah, it'd be two nights of like getting after
it for sure.
Do you ever miss it?
You miss playing?
When I'm at the games, when I'm watching this, I mean, I'm probably a lot like you guys.
I mean, when I go to the games, like I went to a game in Vegas this year and I don't usually when the flames were there
so I went to the game flew in from Scottsdale and I'm I don't really get charged up to go to
the games like I go to a few games here when I'm in town and I'm like yeah it's cool but
like if it's a weekend game if I see two shifts that's a lot like I'm going there and I go to the
bar and I watch it on TV I mean I could be home, but I'm just at the bar on the rink.
But went to Vegas and so went for the pregame and everything like that.
And during the warm-up, I was like, man, I'm fired up.
This is awesome.
And I legit missed it.
I was like, man, I do kind of wish I was playing for this team.
This would be awesome.
So, yeah, I miss it when I'm there.
I guess it would be, I don't know, you guys?
I miss just being around the guys.
I don't really miss the playing.
But I do definitely miss every day you just see the same guys
and you have the same jokes.
And it's like your your your family and
every single day something new happens and you're like you know i just that's the stuff i miss is
just being in the room and out to dinner and all that the games i'm like dude i don't want to get
hit me i don't i'm like that my body doesn't hurt like this anymore yeah i don't miss i don't miss
getting my body ready and warmed up but uh oh man just i mean fuck man we were spoiled i was 32 years old still
hanging out with my buddies like and these young guys too they got all the energy in the world so
you know they're all telling these fun stories too and you're living vicariously at that point
because i mean i couldn't like go out two nights a week and keep up with these young guys anymore
when i was playing my last few years in the american league i was a loser well it's it's
funny call me 30 and you say like you have a job now League, I was a loser. Well, it's funny, Tommy. It's hard after 30.
And you say, like, you have a job now.
That's crazy.
But, like, being a pro athlete, it's just like it's adolescence, but you're older.
It's like everything's still done for you.
You just honestly have to work out and then show up to the games.
And then in between, like you said, the stitches, no matter what, gets taken care of.
And then when it ends, ends you're like holy shit
i gotta do all this stuff now what the fuck so you're gonna do the job i'm like dude do you have
to say you have to pay for a gym membership and shit you have to think of your own workouts
fuck you want me to pay for this this is a joke i would say you know what though i bet you the
number one thing i miss is are the fucking plane rides. I miss the plane rides.
I miss the cards.
You still get them? Oh, yeah, you do.
Sorry, yeah.
Yeah, it's like the ride, but it's like a dream job.
Yeah, now I'm like, wait, I can't go to the gym for free?
I can't get a day pass?
They're like, no, dude, buy a membership.
I'm like, fuck it.
I have my own gitch bag I hang out in the locker room.
You just mentioned playing cards.
What's the biggest pot you'll see on a flight with hockey players?
I like that.
That's a great question.
That is a great question.
Say you're playing polka.
What's the biggest pot you'll see in a flight, in a polka game,
in a bunch of hockey players?
I've got to say I've heard stories of it being crazy pots.
I was never part of anything like that.
When I was playing  or I shouldn't say it.
I should say in the games that I was playing on the teams that I was on,
because I was like, I love playing cards.
It was like, I'm like, I can't wait to get on the plane
and fucking play cards with these guys.
Oh, I loved it.
Yeah, like Snarps and 7 Up, 7 Down.
Those are the games that I like.
But I would say the pots never got too huge.
Like a few, I don't't know a few hundred dollars like maybe up to a thousand or two at the most but i think that's
i think that's changed now i mean these guys are making well making a ton of money but nothing
crazy like i heard it was crazy like in the late 90s early 2000s with those guys that were making
fucking 10 10 million bucks i heard phoenix was out of control with JR and Toc and all those guys.
Oh, I bet you it would have been.
Yeah.
With Kachowski too?
Can we maybe take that out?
I heard a story that JR was like playing on the Flyers and, you know, it was like a Sunday afternoon game and it's TV time.
Oh,
and it's whatever it was,
the place was just quiet.
The bench is quiet.
The moment all of a sudden,
Jay,
I was like,
fuck it.
Right.
Whoa.
And the scores are the NFL scores.
We're just going to ticker.
And I was like,
what the fuck?
He's like,
ah,
during a fucking game's like, ah, it's actually covered.
Cheering a fucking game.
Robbie, before you came on, we were talking about throw-ins because we were saying how Matt Niskanen was a throw-in
in the James Neil Goligoski trade.
Any memorable throw-ins you can think of that guys were just part of a trade
as just like chuck-ins and ended up making a difference?
I guess you might have one but i might have spoken no i mean there's gotta be um it's just
a tossing guy put me on the spot let me think about it i told the steen one about when it was
lee stepniak for car Carlo Koliakovo.
And someone from St. Louis says, hey, I don't know.
They're not too crazy about Steen right now.
See if they'll throw him in on the deal.
Oh, and he was a toss-in?
And he was a toss-in.
Yeah, that's one of the more memorable ones I've heard.
R.A. had the one where, was it Draper, you said?
Yeah, Draper.
He was gotten for a dollop, I believe,
in Detroit when Winnipeg got rid of him.
I believe that's the circumstance.
He definitely was sold for a dollop, though.
Really?
Call me.
You should check out a guy from Barstool.
Donny Does World did a video on KHL.
He lives in China, and he followed that team to play Seska.
It's pretty funny.
I got it.
You know what? I saw that. I was going to
watch it tonight. I saw that on Twitter today. I was like,
follow the Russian team. And then I saw
kind of a little, you know, the KHL. Whenever the
KHL thing comes up, I'm kind of interested about it.
So yeah, I was actually going to watch that tonight.
Wasn't he
like running around, the same guy running around
the Olympics and everything? Yeah, he's
nuts, dude. He's just
all around the world. He's basically, what is he? The world correspondent for Barstool? everything yeah he's he's nuts dude i i he's just all around the world he's
basically what is he already the the world correspondent for barstool yeah he's a foreign
correspondent he moved to china several years ago he's been doing videos for years and he was trying
you know barstool i think posted a couple and then they finally signed him up and i mean he's
hilarious he's brilliant at what he does he just goes into any situation i mean he flew to fucking
moscow to see the chinese khl team
play for content so it gives you an idea what he's what he's all about and i did find the chris
draper thing by the way after playing just 20 games for the jets in four seasons he was traded
to detroit in 1993 for one dollar doug mclean was the one who acquired him like you said with so
that's a that's not even throwing that's just getting traded for a fucking dollar. That's a lot. And how many cups do you have?
Four.
Four.
I think he did win four.
Yeah, he did win four.
Two in the 90s.
Yeah.
Yeah, he would have got four for sure.
One rearranged face thanks to Claude Lemieux, too.
Yeah.
And Dino Cicerelli said, I can't believe I shook that puke's hand or whatever he said.
I shook that freaking guy's hand.
Yeah.
All right. Well, call me, dude.
We've kept you long enough. I can't
wait to see you
across the pond. And
we appreciate you coming on, as always.
We'll make sure we get down to the bottom of this Babcock
story and find out if it's actually
true. Yeah, let's do that,
Paul. I'm really looking forward to that.
Paul,
you're going to get kicked in the chest.
I'll see you later.
Tommy, thanks for coming on, buddy.
Yeah, thanks for having me, guys.
This podcast is also presented by MyBookie.ag.
Might only be three more hockey games left this year.
Could only be as few as one.
And you want to get the action in.
You want to get a puck line game action on down Washington, on Vegas, whoever, man.
You got to go to MyBookie.ag. Lay down the dough at the safest online sportsbook in the world and
it's the only one we recommend to our listeners my bookie.ag offers all kinds of wages on major
league baseball as well as the nba playoffs not to mention all the ponies in the vegas style games
blackjack roulette craps my bookie.ag has it all. And they even have a prop machine.
You heard that right.
Create your own prop machine.
That's insane.
It gives elements of fantasy, but you're getting some real action.
So check that out, too.
Go check them out now. Use the promo code SPIT for a 50 bonus when you deposit.
We only recommend the website to our listeners.
That's been good to us.
So that's why we're telling you about it.
You get the Las Vegas-style sportsbook experience from your own home.
MyBookie.ag is the only place you'll want to check them out.
Every sport, every league in the world, they got esports.
Like I said, they got horse racing, Major League Baseball's in full swing.
You want some futures, play them there.
Not to mention, you can play all the games on your cell phone, iPad, or tablet.
It's entirely up to you.
You can literally play from anywhere.
You play, you win, you get paid.
So if you want to get
in on the action this summer go to mybookie.ag now and sign up with them using the promo code
spit to ensure that you're eligible for all of our future promotions and bonuses visit las vegas
from your couch and try them out today once again that's mybookie.ag use the promo code spit
today's show.
R.A. Witt had to leave because he had to go change a diaper, I'm assuming.
But that was a lot of fun.
Probably the most fun I've had other than Teddy Purcell.
Dude, Kami's a great guest all the time.
And having both, I mean, you guys were our original two favorite guests.
So it was kind of like having Hulk Hogan and Andre the Giant on the same show tonight with both you guys on.
And for me, I was like a kid in a candy store just listening to the stories.
He's a great storyteller.
And also, he's got one of the great Afros in hockey history.
I mean, you've got Ogie Oglethorpe, you've got Larry Robinson,
and you've got Mike Carman, who was a playoff Afro man.
So it's great to have him on the show.
And he's making some money off it now.
He's got those T-shirts.
But we may be able to steal him over to Barstool.
Hashtag in one, yeah.
Yeah, he'd be a hell of a roster
rat, but I don't know. Sounds like he may be content up
in Calgary with his new gig right now.
Yeah, it's true. But all right, well,
I guess I'll leave it up to you to wrap
this bad boy up. All right. Yeah, it's
a great show. We'll be pounding
on another one later this week. I believe dropping on
Friday. Hopefully we'll still have the Stanley Cup going
on. We want to get seven games, but
we need Vegas to get back for us. So everyone have a great night and I'll catch you later this week.
