Hey, Spit and Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This week's Spit and Chicklets is brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing, but there's a simpler way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL
or Major League Baseball team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices,
fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for great value.
I have the SeatGeek app on my phone,
and it is by far the easiest way I find to shop for tickets.
I use it for Broadway shows.
I use it for Bruins tickets, concerts in town, everywhere.
It's a dynamite that features all over the place.
It's so simple.
It gives you value for each ticket.
A couple taps, you can find exactly what you're looking for.
It's designed to make the ticket buying experience easier than ever.
It saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prices and find the seats.
You get the most bang for your buck because every ticket has a grade so you know if you're getting value or not.
Plus, every purchase is fully guaranteed so you can shop with confidence.
You know what they want, dirtbag scalpers out in front of the building who are going to take your money and run around the corner and do it to somebody else later.
Nope.
Make SeatGeek your perfect go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket from sports and concerts to comedy and theater best of all our listeners get 20 off their first seat geek purchase just download the seat
geek app and enter the promo code hockey today that's promo code hockey for 20 off your first
seat geek purchase seat key right seat right now right from your phone You succeed. Never doubt that you're the one. And you can have your dreams. You're the best around.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode Sergei Fedorov of Spittin' Chicklets,
brought to you by Barstool Sports.
And in appreciation of Sergei Fedorov,
Alexander Ovechkin went out and got himself his very first Stanley Cup win tonight,
out in Vegas. Five games that took them.
Unbelievable game.
Fantastic series, even if it was a little short, I thought.
What did you think, brother?
Hello, everyone.
Hello, everyone.
Sorry.
Yep, you forgot me again.
No fucking intros again?
Jesus.
That's okay.
That's okay.
Put me in, coach.
Guys, what we saw was one of the coolest things I've seen in my playing and watching hockey career.
To see Ovechkin win that cup, I didn't think it would ever happen.
I was one of millions who never thought it would happen.
I didn't think there was a chance.
And that savage with that picture before the game where he looks like a complete Russian mutant standing next to that little midget Pierre.
You saw in his eyes nothing was going to stop him tonight.
What did he do?
He goes out and scores, and they win the Stanley Cup.
I can't believe it.
I'm so happy for him.
I want to get into who I feel bad for later because it's not just who you think I'm going to say.
But, Biz, on to you.
How sick of a hockey game was that?
Yeah, it was unbelievable started out there's a
feeling out process in that first period i i thought that that lars eller line was was buzzing
i mean of course they were they didn't fucking go on all playoffs uh all of a sudden the flood
gates opened a little bit in the second period and uh i'm not gonna lie boys at the start towards
the start middle of that second uh third period I just had a feeling it was
going to be a caps late goal to push it to OT but uh fuck boys they made quick work of that third
period didn't skip a beat and the amount of resiliency they've had throughout these whole
playoffs showed up in the third period again yeah Washington was huge in that third period I think
they were out shooting Vegas like 13 to 3
or 13 to 5 at one point I know it was closer at the end I think ended up 13 11 because
Vegas got a late rush but I mean Washington just come out determined in that third period they got
two goals and you know it was just hustle hustle plays I mean Orpik kind of an innocent toss to
the net you know Devante Smith-Pelly makes the heads-up play kicks it to himself you know
overextends Flurry a little bit beats him there and then the second goal well second goal of the period
Lazella he's just on Johnny on the spot I mean Fleury probably has to smother that a little
better it gets through him and um you know while Lazella beats Sabisa to the puck and
game of inches man he just got there quicker and Washington just had a little bit more
oomph on it now I was hoping for an overtime to be nothing better than that,
but we didn't get it.
But hats off to Washington, man.
And Ovechkin, too, also got the con smite, too,
if I fail to mention that.
So, hell of a night for the Ruski.
This might be a bit of a spit in the face to you guys,
but people are comparing the Devontae Smith-Pelly goal
to the one that Bobby Orr scored.
And over time, very similar, just throwing it out there.
How many drugs are you on right now?
Who the fuck is comparing Devontae Smith-Pelly's goal to Bobby Orr's goal?
Well, it was a half joke, but there were a few tweets afterward.
And I was just reading or going off what I saw on Twitter.
I was trying to stir the pot, but, yes, I've been smoking a little marijuana.
I'm on the RA diet right now.
Hey, you got a line in Google in front of you too?
Oh, free ads, no free ads.
Hey, I'm employed by an NHL team there, fella.
Hey, Barry Trotz, okay, so a guy that all year you're told,
this guy's gone no matter what.
People say even if they win the cup, he's gone.
It was just Todd Reardon's job to come.
Well, he just became a record breaker, a record smasher,
because he smashed the record of how long it took an NHL coach to be in the league before their Stanley Cup.
The record was held and tied by Pat Burns and Joel Quenville,
who in their 13th season won the Stanley Cup. The record was held and tied by Pat Burns and Joel Quenville, who in their 13th season
won the Stanley Cup. This was Barry Trotz's 19th year as a head coach, and he gets a Stanley Cup.
People questioned him. So he's just a complete, you know, perfect example of the entire team.
It's Ovechkin, it's Backstrom. The Backstrom, the Ovechkin handing the cup to Backstrom was one of
the coolest things because it's two guys who have been told forever that they couldn't win a cup.
Those guys can't win a cup.
They can't beat Pittsburgh.
They can't win a cup.
I was the one saying it.
I was the one shit-talking both of them.
And meanwhile, they believed in one another.
I think they're good friends from what I'm told.
I'm going to be in Scotland with Backstrom.
Not a big deal.
I'll be blowing them over there for stories.
with backstrom not a big deal i'll be blowing him over there for stories and because of all of this it's just people it's people winning stanley cups which i always get emotional watching i never
touched it oh it sucks whenever i see it it's so amazing to watch it to see two guys that have
battled that hard and everyone counted them out it's pretty cool it was an amazing story for the
entire league well i, it is amazing.
But do you get like a good jealousy, though, when you see guys lift it?
You're like, damn, I wish I could have experienced that.
So jealous.
Yeah, it's a good jealous, though.
And tonight, watching like when it ended, you know,
you think of the  I thought of the year I was there and I lost it.
And your lifelong dream, you're so close to it it yet you're so far away you lose you never even got really really you never even considered winning we lost
in game six and you just it's the most crushing feeling i mean i'm not gonna be jeremy roenick
on tv crying when chicago black ops man he never got to get the cup like i'm not gonna do that
but still i'm very jealous yes well i want to touch on your barry trotz thing so gina retta
this is a tweet for him the capitals had a chance to extend barry trotz contract but wanted to see
how things played out in the playoffs now he's unrestricted free agent he made 1.5 million less
like this past season uh and and obviously he ended it with think he's he's think he's up for
a raise he only made 1.5 and they had the option to extend him.
So now he's probably got his pick of the litter as far as a couple teams.
I don't know who's got job openings.
I mean, oh, New York just replaced their guy.
And then also to piggyback off your Ovechkin and Backstrom,
and more so Ovi being told all those years, like, oh, you're not a winner, even though he was getting it done in playoffs,
I feel like the guys around him just didn't raise their level of play.
And then, of course, him coming in at the same time as Crosby,
Crosby getting his one out of the way.
Then he rattles off back-to-back.
With Olympic golds.
With Olympic golds.
Obviously, people love that narrative.
But I couldn't be happier for a guy who has given so much to the game of hockey.
You know, he's outspoken sometimes.
He's so fun to watch.
You can tell he absolutely loves the game.
And I'm happy a bunch of role players helped him achieve his goal as well.
Yeah, and if you're gonna look
um to crazy comparisons you think of a name steve eisenman my favorite player growing up a legend in
the game a hall of famer i was either his eyes there's 13th or 14th season i think 14th where
he finally won a stanley cup 97 98 the wings the Wings. And you think, well, what a career.
But, like, I didn't know it took them that long.
What season was it for Alexander Ovechkin?
Number 13 this year.
And so to think that this many people counted him out and a guy like Steve
Eichmann, this is how kind of people talked about him.
I don't think a lot of people might know that.
I never knew that it took him 14 seasons.
I wish I knew exactly.
It was either his 13th or 14th season.
Either way, that's a long time.
Doesn't he have three cups?
Eishman
might have ended up getting four.
97, 98, 0, 0, 3.
That's R.A.'s department.
I don't know
if he got four. That's a great question.
Either way, my point is like as easy as it is to say that some guys are bummed,
the superstar is an amazing player, but he can never get it done,
like kind of Peyton Manning-ish.
But, no, in the end, it took him a lot longer than people thought,
but millions and millions of people thought he never would,
and he did it tonight.
So Steve Eisenman has three cups, but we said it before the final.
He probably had the potential to be the Dan Marino of hockey.
But I couldn't be happier for the guy, and as many people have tweeted,
they can't wait to see this guy at the parade because this guy's going to be
a farm animal.
No, there's going to be videos of them out and for people um people are shitting
on me yeah i think i was wrong i believe they are staying over in vegas tonight so oh my god
well that's not wrong because typically teams they'll party in the locker room till late hour
of the night probably around one two o'clock and then they'll jump on the plane no sense in going
back now though because you're going to
get back real late in the morning.
Yeah, no, either way, I mean,
I just think...
I can't imagine tonight, boys. I mean,
this is an all-timer. This is, like,
your biggest night of the year is, like, when the
season ends and you and your boys go to Vegas.
These dudes just won the fucking
cup in Vegas.
They should go play beer pong with the little dwarf at O'Shea's down on the strip.
Oh, bud, they're going to be at mega clubs.
They're going to be playing different stuff on the strip.
They're going to be calling in airstrikes to fucking Hakkasan or Marquis nightclub.
They're going to have the Spearmint Rhino is going to burn down.
Putin's card might decline tonight for the first time ever.
I got so many Putin card tweets.
Oh, and quickly,
before all the haters out there get on me,
yeah, I went to the Red Sox game tonight.
All right?
I missed the first period of the game.
I thought the game was going to be last night
when I bought the tickets,
and then people are snapping pictures of me on TV.
Yeah, I was at the Red Sox game.
I missed the first period.
All right?
So I then caught the second and third, so lay off me.
I mean, it's not like we do our homework on this podcast anyway.
We just read Twitter and catch up.
Mine is off for me.
Okay, so here's something that I'd mentioned to you guys
because we didn't know how this game was going to play out.
I texted you between the second and third,
and for the first time in the series,
it seems like Vegas kind of found their rhythm again.
They started looking like the Vegas that we've seen all season.
And more importantly, the one that rolled over three different teams in playoffs.
Now, I sent you guys the stats.
I don't know if this is in the career of the Capitals franchise,
but Washington Capitals with 3-1 series leads in 87 versus the Islanders,
they ended up losing that one 4-3.
In 92 to the Penguins when Pittsburgh won, I believe, their second cup,
they were up 3-1 on pens.
They lost 4-3.
95 again to the Penguins.
They lost at 4-3.
2010 Canadians lost 4-3.
And then the 2015 Rangers, which I believe was the conference finals,
and they lost 4-3.
So I don't know if that was every time they've been up in a Series 3-1 or just memorable times that they have been and lost three straight.
So this one, I would have been extremely nervous for them
if they would have lost tonight.
I did see that, Biz.
I don't think it would have any bearing on this team whatsoever
because so many of those games are so old.
They have basically nothing to do with this Capitals team.
And I don't think that's the type of baggage that a player will read
and be like, oh, shit, they blew that series 15 years ago or 20 years ago.
I think that just the franchise is pretty much far removed
from the majority of those.
I think Ovechkin and Baxter might have been on one of those teams.
But I don't even think that's something that really gets in the head.
Is that something  I mean, if you guys play for a team,
if something in the franchise history was 15 years ago,
it doesn't reflect on you at all.
Would you feel pressure on it or no?
The biggest thing you can do and whittle
probably uh piggyback me on this is plant the seed of doubt and i don't really feel that washington
ever had it if vegas wins tonight goes to wash and squeaks one out there i think it's a two-hand
series if they it's panic panic button all of a sudden you're second guessing everything
you're out of rhythm and of course ve Vegas starts getting a little bit of momentum.
And, I mean, you can comment on that.
Well, R.A. mentioned last episode off the cuff.
I don't even know the last time somebody was down 3-1 and won the Stanley Cup.
It was 78 years ago.
The last time a team was up 3-1 and won? No. The last time a team was up 3-1 and won?
No, the last time a team was down 3-1 and won.
Oh, okay.
And since then, four other times, teams have forced even a game seven.
And the last time it happened was the Edmonton Oilers against Carolina in, I believe, 2006.
And so the chance of Washington to not win this series after Game 4,
it was slim to none.
The way they were playing and history numbers besides it,
I don't think they thought one bit about the past of Washington
and their struggles up 3-1 and other years.
But I do think that the way Vegas was playing and just to think,
oh, my God, we're going to get a game six, which I had the cap sign.
I'm a little mini heater, by the way, boys.
Notice I've gone quiet on Twitter.
That's a good thing when I'm gambling.
I'm getting going again.
I had the cap sign, but I wouldn't even have hated a loss
because I wanted game six.
I wanted more of this hockey.
And because if we got into game six, and like you said, Biz,
if somehow Vegas plays well, Fleurry picks it up um game seven i
mean who knows i mean that's like the whole premise of the the idea of having game seven
anything can happen so there was panic i'm sure but washington seemed that's why you saw the relief
in every goal by washington ovechkin's face on the bench i like how they had a camera on it was
it was excitement but like trying to stay calm. NHL is starting to learn.
They're starting to draw the dramatics of the games.
And they're getting better.
Hockey is on the map right now.
And let's send it over to our goalie expert, R.A.
Because you did mention his name, Marc-Andre Fleury.
Love him to death.
We appreciate him coming on the podcast.
A lot of people are commenting that we pretty much threw him right under the
cunkle because he just wasn't himself.
R.A., he went into this last round with a 9-4-7 save percentage.
He had an 8-5-3 save percentage in the finals.
Your comments?
Yeah, he clearly wasn't as dominant as the earlier rounds.
I don't think he was as bad as the numbers bear out.
I think he was a victim of some tough bounces, a pretty tough power play. I mean,
Vegas really shouldn't have been taking any penalties because that power play is ridiculous
on Washington. You know, he could have been a little better. There were times he probably
maybe needed to save, like, for example, the series clincher tonight. You know,
Lazella, that's a puck that cannot get through him in that spot, and it wasn't
a particularly hard shot. He stopped it, but, you know, it still got through him and allowed for the
series winner. So he wasn't at his best, but I think the numbers make him look bad. Tonight,
I thought he got his mojo back tonight, and then the third period, you know, Washington was just
too much for him, but I thought he was spectacular tonight. I thought he made some phenomenal saves.
We did say he'd basically have to have a bunch of shit games to play the cons might out of his chance of winning.
And that's what happened.
His numbers weren't there.
But at the same time, he's not the reason Vegas lost.
Washington's defense, their team defense, their commitment to it, that's why they lost.
I mean, you can't blame Marc-Andre Fleury even if his numbers are that bad.
It's just Washington was just that much better.
And Washington's forwards work below the tops of the circles in Vegas.
And they did a great job of finding seams all around.
And you mentioned his name, Lars Eller, on the game winner.
This one from Chris Johnson, senior writer for Sportsnet. He said
that there's a holding
a viewing party in the middle of the
night in Lars Eller's hometown tonight.
He's trying to become the first Dane to
win a Stanley Cup. So congratulations to him.
He's the first Dane to ever get one.
No shit, huh?
I thought they already have it.
And let's go back. I think
not George McPhee, the current GM, what's his name, Brian McClellan.
I believe he signed Lazella to this deal.
And, I mean, obviously he had a hell of a place,
but it's looking like a hell of a deal right now.
I mean, he's got a five-year deal, 3.5 million a year.
This guy comes out, he puts up uh seven goals 11 assists 18 points
in 24 games that's 0.75 points per game including the series clincher he was all over the place in
every series uh hell of a signing so i mean kudos to the caps for bringing him and we saw a lot of
him in montreal i thought he was a pretty decent player he never really found a spot there but uh
he's definitely oh yeah lot of gold in Washington.
Bergevin's getting ripped online.
I love it. I love it.
Sorry, we were talking about it.
You can touch on this.
I thought that there was three big reasons why they pulled this one home as far as not the guys that you would expect to.
A guy like Holpe, he's got to be on in order to get to the Stanley Cup final.
Of course, your top six forwards uh but to me it was tom wilson davante smith pelly and larzeller who we just mentioned those guys played way above expectations davante smith pelly more
so probably than both of those guys your comments my my comments are uh about none of those people because i have a different
guy to mention and i have a different guy to mention because as a as a guy who plays a minor
role in this team he has huge importance i feel like and i don't know him i've never met him
but jb eagle became became the first player in the history of hockey tonight to win the championship in the East Coast Hockey League, the title in the AHL League, and the Calder Cup in the AHL, and the Stanley Cup.
Dude, that means a lot to guys who I think have played pro hockey and seen the grind from level of cheese toast to always hungry league to the national league private
flight sushi on the plane anything you want tons of per diem he went through all of it and to win
titles and everyone shows that he's probably someone who appreciates what he did and he played
a huge role he'd win face-off after face-off he fucking blocked shots he's a great pk guy
so a guy like that comes into my mind but sure sure, those other three, I mean, Smith-Pelly, I mean, what a run that was.
I mean, I felt like this guy was close to being out of the league at one point this year.
I'd have to go through, like, his transactions, and he's kind of
I feel like he's been on three or four different teams in the last two years.
Maybe I'm completely wrong on that.
No, I'm actually looking at it right now.
Yeah, he was  in the last three years, he went from Anaheim, then to the Devils, then to Montreal, then to Washington.
Yeah, he bounced around quite a bit before Washington.
And it's interesting.
He got bought out last summer.
Yeah, dude.
I mean, you got to be panicking at one point.
All right.
Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.
I just want to let you know where we were at.
Yeah.
Well, look, I think he had 14 goals in 2015-16. The NHL stat page is kind of screwy. think he had 14 goals in um 2015-16 the nhl stat
page is kind of screwy but he had seven goals in the playoffs man he's not i mean i think he had
like 14 in his most in the season that's a huge playoff for a guy like that it's seven in regular
season seven okay this regular exactly his total so i mean to match a total in the playoffs you
know as a grinder that's a hell of a thing. And he scored not just goals, Biz, but big goals.
Like tonight, that was a huge goal that he made happen.
Again, Orpik, just a simple toss.
It takes a weird bounce.
He gets in front of it with a skate, makes a nice nifty play.
And boom, the whole game changes right on that.
Another thing that we have to touch on, guys, TJ Oshie spoke with Pierre Maguire
right after they won.
He was very emotional about his father uh we're gonna roll the audio for you guys and let you hear it first
and and then we're we're gonna we'll pass it over to wit after because he knows him a little bit
from international competition so just give it a listen here my dad uh oh boy, he doesn't remember a lot of stuff these days.
He remembers enough, but I tell you what, he's here tonight.
I don't know where he's at, but this one will stick with him forever.
You can guarantee that.
I'm sure everyone out there at this point has seen the interview he gave
at the end of the game winning the Stanley Cup, lifelong dream coming true.
And he immediately started talking about his father.
And I've met TJ's dad before at international events,
things that he was at the Olympics.
TJ called him Coach.
That's what everyone called him. Um, and he has Alzheimer's and, and Osh said, you know,
my dad doesn't remember a lot these days, but I'm kind of paraphrasing, uh, he will remember this.
And so to see someone who's that close with his father, and this isn't just TJ's dream. I mean,
this is his father's dream for his kid. You, you know, you, you, I mean, what do they say that the they say that the old line, I'm a father now, they say, you know, you're only as happy as your,
as your saddest kid is, you know, that's pretty much how it goes. And to see your son never get
a Stanley Cup and fight for it and finally get it. I mean, I can't imagine how Oshie feels. I'm sure
his dad does know what's going on. I hope he does. But you could tell the emotions in TJ's voice how much that meant to him. That's what the Stanley Cup does. It's
that commercial where guys can't even describe it. And you say, what does it mean to you? And
you can't even get anything out. And that example right there was just what the Cup means to people.
And it's lifelong dreams coming true with people you love. So that was pretty special, I thought.
Yeah, man, that's some pretty powerful footage footage i know all these guys are very emotional in these interviews but that there was
a particular poignancy to that one and i think everybody unfortunately in this day and age has
a relative or a friend or at least that that is has uh alzheimer's or als or any of these terrible
you know neurological diseases so you know to have that moment like that you know you can't help but
be moved by that and it just makes this night better that much better and like i said you know, to have that moment like that, you know, you can't help but be moved by that. And it just makes this night better, that much better.
And like I said, you know, I picked Vegas.
I'm not a Vegas fan per se, but I couldn't help but be moved by it,
even just watching the cup, the cup seller ceremony.
I mean, Ovechkin, you're a hockey fan.
You have to appreciate that on some level.
So, you know, tonight was just a great night to be an NHL fan.
And that video with Oshie just kind of like hammered home to it
what those guys are all about at the end of the day.
It's amazing all the amazing stories that usually roll out afterward.
And there's usually about, you know, I would say about a dozen.
I mean, Holpe's mom being there, she was super emotional.
I mean, I can't even imagine the stress that that puts on parents.
You know, Devontae Smithith pelly getting bought out uh backstrom and ob being there so long and being labeled as losers so i mean storyline after storyline of course the osu one jesus christ that's
fucking that's a tearjerker right there i think that one probably tops them all um very few words
and it just uh it really hits home people are going nuts online about it so
just an amazing amazing hockey season and you know what sucks boys is we kind of got to talk
about vegas and maybe some you know some struggles they had late you know we don't want to sound
negative because we're you know we're big fans of both squads well i kind of said i they didn't
have it guys listen i wasn't i wasn't that off i mean they didn't have it, guys. Listen, I wasn't that off.
I mean, they didn't have what it took to win the cup.
Do I agree?
I mean, you were fucking right for once.
Well, listen, I had to be right.
No, it was an incredible story.
I thought they were going to win.
I mean, I picked the Capitals, but I was just picking against Vegas,
obviously blatantly just to try to sound like a complete idiot. But I didn't think that it would be that bad of a series. I thought it would
be at least seven games if Washington were to win. But game four, they broke them in Washington.
You know, Vegas has a chance to tie that series up, going back home, and Washington wins that one
to win both on the road three and both
at home excuse me three in a row and from then it was just kind of being outmatched uh offensively
I think the the not having a true top line you want to say Smith uh and Carlson is the top line
yeah I mean it was all year that's for sure but it's not uh Kuznetsov and Ovechkin and it's not
Backstrom uh and it's not Oshie. So they had an amazing year.
They had a goalie who played the best hockey he's probably ever played in his life.
And, you know, that kind of came back to earth a little bit in the finals,
obviously, after he interviewed with us.
Good job.
And Vegas should be really proud.
I mean, what else are you supposed to do at this point?
It sucks.
It's the worst feeling in the world.
But they put everything they could into it.
They exceeded every single person's expectations times 10 so uh it's just a kind of a matter of time
till they lost i thought but they still made it way more interesting than anyone else thought it
would be and the other thing which too we could put the fucking bet all this foolish conspiracy
talk everyone was talking about betman's rigging it for vegas and they're like as if there was like
this predetermined thing now i'm not above a conspiracy theory shout out JFK but like the
idea that the NHL was somehow making this better was a fucking joke uh and the other thing too is
we always talk about how close this game is a game of inches and to me I keep going back to two plays
this series where you know hope he save in game two where if he doesn't make that save it could
potentially go to overtime and be one-1 series after two games.
Of course, he makes a huge save.
Washington goes up 2-0.
And then for James Neal, I mean, he's a premier goal scorer.
He's got a wide open yawning net, and he hits the post.
And that's another situation where he could have tied the series at 2-2
if things played out for Vegas the rest of the night.
Instead, you know, it's a five-game series.
It's over.
And James Neal, man, I got to give a shout-out to him.
He's in the Marion Hose's seat right now.
Not going to get as rich as him, but he's lost the cup two years in a row
with two separate teams, and now he's going to be a free agent.
I don't know if Chicago wants to sign him for big money to try to win a cup,
but that's two tough ways to end the year for the real deal.
I want to butt in there about the JFK line.
Is he the one who got shot in the parade?
Yes, he was the American president killed in Dallas.
I'm not big on American history.
No, I know you're Canadian.
But PFT Commenter had one of the craziest tweets that was borderline offside.
Hunter had one of the craziest tweets that was like borderline offside.
Maybe it actually was where he goes,
NFL concussion protocol would have put him back in the parade.
If you comment,
I read the most fucked up person in Vegas tonight.
Yeah.
Oh,
for sure.
By the way, we never told everyone we're interviewing Sheldon.
Sir.
Right.
Yeah.
Seriously.
Hot man. Rocket alert. Yeah. Hottest guy ever to play the told everyone we're interviewing Sheldon Surrey. Yeah, seriously. Hot man rocket alert.
Hottest guy ever to play the game.
We're interviewing him.
But the other thing I want to say about Washington, just crazy to think,
they were down 2-0 in the first round.
Philip Grubauer had started both games.
And they went to double overtime in game three.
Wow.
That's what I'm saying.
How easy can go?
Little puck goes in in overtime or double overtime with Columbus,
that doesn't happen.
So it's crazy to think how, you know,
it's the old game of inches.
What was that movie with the Al Pacino line?
Any Given Sunday?
Any Given Sunday.
Who has the game of inches?
You got a great ass.
Steam.
Oh, yeah.
Steamy Will and Beeman.
Steamy Will and Beeman.
Yeah.
Two quick things we need to discuss, boys,
is tits out for the boys on the glass
when Olby was cruising around with the cup.
Nice set of jammers on her, too.
Jammed up against the glass, too.
NBC got it and all.
How about NBC's clock not working
the final 40 seconds of the game?
That was the next thing.
That was panic central for everyone on Twitter.
It's like, what is happening right now?
We do not know how much time is left in the Stanley Cup final game
when the Cup's about to be raised.
And then it came back.
I didn't know if it was going to be 10 seconds or 50.
Yeah, Doc said it was the arena clock that went first.
So then, obviously, the TV clock doesn't know what to do
if the arena clock doesn't.
But fortunately, they got a whistle somewhere in there,
and the refs were able to make sure everything was copacetic at that point.
One crazy thing, too, is that McPhee, you could tell he was snapping about,
is Vegas kind of had them on the ropes a little bit,
and their five guys for Washington were a little tired.
And then that gave them a bit of a breather.
I think that puck was dropped at around the two-minute mark mark and then by the time they had to look at the clock
it was about 30 to 40 seconds so those those guys were fucking exhausted and hey i mean getting
those tired guys when you can roll over lines on them that makes a big big difference points
pierre mcguire too asked it over askedkin the worst question. One of the questions was like, when did you decide to become more of a vocal leader?
Like, what do you  what?
That's the question?
You have this all-time great finding in the cup.
Like, that's one of the questions?
When did you decide to become a more vocal leader?
Come on.
You can't be better than that.
He's going to be crossing.
Ask him something about like what this means to him as, you know, a kid about like the what this means to him is you know
a kid growing up what this means to him as a russian i mean he's the first russian captain
to ever win the cup i'm assuming right fuck even dig deeper be like bud people labeled you as a
loser like yeah like ask him a question ask him a great question that's a moment that live on
forever yeah when he decides to become a more vocal leader.
How many sauces
are you going to cross dip from the Luxor
to the Stratosphere tonight?
Oh, man. I could cross
dip on everything. Man sauce.
Boys, as Witt mentioned,
we're going to welcome on Sheldon Suray.
Oh, speaking of fucking man missiles,
maybe we'll be able to get back-to-back man
missiles with Sheldon Surrey than Tom Wilson.
Come on, man.
I want to get every guy from the Capitals when they're coming off a bender.
This interview is brought to you by Burrow.
In the past, buying a high-quality luxury couch used to cost you a couple of paychecks.
Thanks to our friends at Burrow, you'll never have to choose between affordability and quality ever again.
They've reinvented the entire couch buying experience.
Burrow brings style and quality to a whole new level and ships to your door fast and free.
We're talking about quality for an affordable price here, people.
Burrow sovers are handcrafted in the same factories in North Carolina as other hired retailers,
but Burrow delivers them for much less with their innovative, award-winning design.
Through their smarter supply chain, they've removed all retail mock-ups,
which means you're actually paying for quality rather than a design and name.
They hand-select all their materials from right here in America
to ensure both sustainability and durability.
And you can customize your Burrow sofa to match your style
by selecting the color, size, armrest height, and leg color that is perfect for you.
Shipping is fast and free, unlike the rest of the outdated furniture industry.
So enjoy 30 days of cozy on your comfortable burrow risk-free or try a burrow at one of their partner showrooms today.
Go customize your burrow and get 75 off your order
by going to burrow.com slash chicklets.
That's B-U-R-R-O-W dot com slash chicklets,
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, for 75 off your purchase.
Burrow makes the luxury couch for real life.
It is a pleasure of mine to introduce probably my second best wingman of all time,
Sheldon the Man Missile. Sir Ray, welcome to the show.
Oh, Biz, I love riding your coattails.
Where were you guys hanging out together?
Tell them, Sir Ray. First time. where were you guys hanging out together oh tell them sir right oh first time
yeah first time that we hung out together yeah
the first time we hung out you don't remember vegas vegas jerry the jerry
bruckheimer hockey tournament in the summer. But this was a different world.
I've never experienced it.
I think I stayed in my hotel room for two days afterwards,
sucking my thumb.
I was like Johnny Cash in the movie Walk the Line.
When you walked into the steakhouse on Sunday night
to unwind with your muscle shirt on, your beach shorts,
and your backpack with a bottle of champagne in it,
I knew it wasn't really like
unwind time that was four days in a row and that one capped it off and uh yeah that was a very
special weekend uh what what have you been up to i haven't been doing too much um the last year
of kind of i was doing some stuff as an ambassador for you know the tequila company casamigos and uh which just sold for a billion dollars i believe
yeah a billion dollars um no big deal and they're um they have like a one of the owners of that who
uh is with george clooney and cindy crawford says miranda gerber mike melman he does high
high-end kind of golf course uh places around
well a bunch of different countries but in uh the u.s too so i was their ambassador for a little bit
but the last year playing golf with people and just you know having fun and um hanging out and
the last year just kind of been a dad man you know um hanging with the kids playing some golf just uh
just living the dream man i always see you at, is that Gosser Ranch that you're at?
Yeah, up in Gosser.
There's actually quite a few guys here.
So that place I've heard is like the ultimate.
I went and visited them there.
It's magical.
Yep, Biz came in a couple times, I think.
Right, Biz?
Yeah, and there's a bunch of show guys there, like Brett Hall's there.
Heard of him?
Yeah. Right, Biz? Yeah, and there's a bunch of show guys there. Like Brett Hall's there. Heard of him.
Holly, Gretz.
I don't know if he's one of our low-budget guys, low-budget renters up here.
We got Gretz, Holly.
Who else?
We got Brendan Morrow, Doug Waite.
Is Wiz up there?
Ray Whitney.
Yeah, Ray Whitney. Yeah, the Wiz is up there.
Yeah, the Wiz is up here.
Played a little golf with him today.
Got a little, put me over his
knee and spanked me well he's uh i went to whisper rock i went to whisper rock with ray
whitney and i shot like a 130 and i i chirped uh phil mickelson on twitter afterward and
wits like bud what are you doing like you you can never come back here again i'm like but i wasn't getting invited back 130 yeah he uh he can play golf i'll tell you what he's he's just um he's sneaky man
he'll tell you he's sneaky long he's sneaky long um but he's a lot of fun man we got a lot of really
good guys up here you know it's a short season of golf up in northern idaho um it's
only like a few months where you can like really enjoy it but for like three or four months it is
having a bobby ryan actually just came up here just bought this year um so we got a bunch of
we probably got like 10 guys up here now it's part of the discovery properties is the name of
all of them and the golf course is ranked top 50 in the United States, is it not?
Yeah, I think it was in the top 25 last year, 26, maybe 27,
somewhere in there, which is, you know,
which is crazy when you think of all the golf courses that are in the U.S.,
you know, Augusta and all the big courses,
that this one in the top 25 is, it's a pretty spectacular place.
You know, you got it it's private
it's fun what they do up here these um discovery does is they kind of create an environment where
you have fun you know music on the on the carts and um you know they got little comfort stations
they call them which are like more holes that you can grab a drink grab some some food, and just enjoy it. Not make golf stressful and uptight, but fun and loose and enjoyable.
Oh, you could play with your cock hanging out, can't you?
Yeah, I think you did, didn't you?
Well, I mean, maybe a few holes, but you could play in your boxers.
His extra foreskin putted for him.
I thought you just had one of those pistol grips.
It was a ball cover or a club cover slash Forsy.
Sheldon, you mentioned the tequila company.
The tequila company that Randy and George Clooney own.
So have you hung out with George Clooney a bunch?
And if so, is he as cool as he comes across?
You know, I don't really know george um i know
randy and mike who are the other two partners in it more um george spends more time over in italy
and you know he's got a lot of different things going but randy and mike are really involved in
the tequila company and um those are the guys that i know really well. Yeah. Cause he, he did that,
that interview with David Letterman on Netflix.
I don't know if he told the whole story about that.
Like him and Randy were just like, Oh,
I like this tequila.
And they met a guy and said, I'll make it for you.
And they just decided to sell it,
like just to give out to friends and it ended up becoming this billion
dollar company. It's pretty crazy.
Yeah. It's, it's so crazy. You know,
the cool thing about Andy and even Mike, even with like his golf stuff is so crazy. You know, the cool thing about Andy and even Mike,
even with like his golf stuff, is so organic.
You know, they're not trying to do anything cool.
They do it for themselves, something that they would enjoy.
You know, not that they think everyone else would enjoy,
but that they'd enjoy.
And they're cool enough that everyone just enjoys it.
So it's pretty cool little group to be a part of.
Don't they have the place in montana as
well i i think jared stole and his wife in a yellowstone i think yellowstone yeah it's
yellowstone club yeah i mean there is like it's your own private like not one mountain but like
30 mountains you know and it's all probably it's all powder to anyone yeah i mean it's powder it's
uh same thing they have these little shacks like halfway down the hill you just kind of stop in go
have like a hot cocoa and you know a tequila and and a bite to eat and then mosey on down the hill
get on the you ski literally you go up the ski lift you go down the hill and you like ski into the next chair you know like you're not waiting you're not running into people um it's it's pretty
amazing man they do all these they have places down in cabo which are awesome dominican i believe
bruce cortenel was selling at uh in the one hawaii and long story short is these guys do not miss
no no well they have a they have people who follow
them right i mean they have the golf guys who you know come off of uh whatever augusta and i mean i'm
sure you guys have seen instagrams of like smiley kaufman and jordan speed and ricky fowler down in
the bahamas having fun at makers bay you know going crazy i mean that's that's kind of you know
they have that clientele,
but then they have successful business owners
and sports team owners
and movie stars and other athletes.
I mean, it's pretty crazy
the brand and the kind of community
they've created.
The Rolodex runs deep.
I mean, it's just cool.
Cool people, you know?
Cool people doing cool things.
This is actually a pitch
to sell Whitney some real estate
so I hope it's
working
after the gambling season I just had
I will not be purchasing
multi-million dollar real estate unfortunately
anywhere
reminder though
maybe you can get your room in the comfort
station
I can actually serve everyone there it'd be perfect i'll like work off my dues
okay sleeping bag and yoga mat great well now that we've talked a lot about uh what's been
going on lately let's back it all the way up you played in the fucking whl so you probably
love your beers throw both ways ways, tough as nails.
Yeah.
We just opened it. There's two off the top of the next.
You played in Prince George too. Oh my god.
That's way up there. That must have been
a nightmare. Before the Western
League, I played a year
in BC
up in Quesnel,
which wasn't even like the
BC Junior Hockey League. It was like the BC Junior Hockey League.
It was called the Rocky Mountain Hockey League.
It was...
Oh, my God.
The Rocky Mountain Hockey League.
The Rocky Mountain Hockey League.
How many meals at Eastside Mario's?
Eastside Mario's.
I was eating at the gas station at that time, buddy.
Eastside Mario's. Unless someone else was buying, I gas station at that time, buddy. Eastside Mario's was...
Unless someone else was playing, I wouldn't play that much.
But this place was unreal, man.
And a 15 playing against...
I know the guys weren't up to 20 years old.
They were for sure 25, 26 playing in this league.
But it was a lot of fun
and i played there with terry ryan you know the name terry ryan we gotta get on the podcast
he's a time is he the legend from newfoundland yes yeah he was this dude i've heard that he's
a must to get on this podcast he was 14 sheldon he was 14 and uh so tsn was like doing a special
on him that year, right?
Like, about being rated one of the top players, number one player and stuff.
So they followed this film crew, comes out and follows him around,
and I'm playing up there, and we all thought we were going to be, like,
you know, hot shots on TV, making plays and, you know,
getting signed to the Western Hockey League
and obviously paying the NHL.
But Terry had like 20 fights in like 20 games.
I don't think he made it through probably half the games he played.
So TSN, I think, just gave up on the special.
Like, oh, my God.
Like, what's this?
And so we're all waiting at the end of the year for our big, you know,
cameos on this special in TSM and it never aired.
Is this guy just chucking knuckles every game?
Yeah.
Dude, we were these pimply-faced little, you know, 14, 15-year-old kids
against these men who were, you know, just wanting to kill us.
So, yeah, I mean, we had to.
I mean, we were fighting to stay alive, not because we wanted to prove something.
So when I came in the league, you know, as a rookie, you hear
and you know things about veterans.
Like, listen, that guy, you don't fuck with that guy.
That guy's a lefty.
He'll punch your head out.
Yeah, check the game notes, buds.
Yeah, check the game notes.
You always said check the game notes.
So you were someone, listen, just the guy has an absolute rocket.
Try to block it on the power play.
Thank God if you're not on the PK because you won't have to block one of them.
And you were tough too.
So my question is, though, you came in junior year fighting.
You started the NHL.
You'd fight anyone.
That whole time, did you know you were good offensively?
Did you have a cannon then too, or did that come later on?
No, I put up numbers in junior.
or did that come later on?
No, I put up numbers in junior.
So, you know, I never would ever consider myself an offensive defenseman. I knew what was, you know, what was going to get me places, you know,
was going to give me a chance to play.
I wasn't even thinking about the NHL, really, to be honest with you.
I just wanted to continue to play hockey, you know,
however that looked, make a living out of it but um but I was you know I fought a lot in
juniors and uh you know that just kind of gave me some room to to play you know and work on my
offensive skills and when I got uh drafted by New Jersey they basically they told me have fun in
juniors uh you know we want you to work
on your skills
but you need to be the toughest guy
in the league
you need to be tough
but go and have fun
but that's on you
we're going to leave this needle here
and if you want to shoot it in your ass
I see you do that
but if you don't that's cool but you're going to be playing in your ass, I see, you know, do that. But if you don't, that's cool.
But you're going to be fucking playing in the fucking Grizzly League and
Prince George.
Yeah.
Do you like Prince George?
You like living with that family up there?
Well, that's where you're going to be.
If you don't take these six pills.
No, they were.
I mean, when I knew when I went to, when I got drafted by New Jersey,
I knew what, like, you know, what they were looking for.
I mean, they were very specific
in what my role was going to be,
what they were grooming me to be.
So at that time, I wasn't really thinking about,
you know, going and playing the power play
for the Devils.
I wasn't.
At the time, they're super defensive.
You know, they had Scott Stevens
and Lyle O'Dwine and Ken Danico.
You know, that was, you know, that's where I was going to fit in down the line
if I was going to fit in there.
So I wasn't thinking about, you know, running a power play.
Now, Sheldon, do they explicitly say you have to fight
or do they use the euphemism, like you said, you need to be tougher
so they can't, like, directly trace it to them, I guess.
Do they say, you need to fight, or, like, how do they word it or are they just like more of an implication yeah there's no i mean
there's you know right no one has to tell you what you have to do there's there's situations
of the game where they put you out and you know you know what you know what your job is um like
if you don't figure it out you'll be riding the bus
again they never said hey we're going to bring you up and you're going to be you know but they
said we want you to play tough we want you to make it tough on guys in front of the net and you know
and when i came up i mean if you cross check someone in front of the net they're turning
around your fight i mean that's kind of the way it kind of happened so i mean that just it just
came with you know the way you play,
it just comes, it's going to come with it.
So, I mean, you know, and I wasn't, I didn't mind.
I mean, we had a really tough team.
So when I started in Jersey, so if there were, you know,
I was like the fifth guy down the pecking order.
So I, you know, I didn't have to fight any real tough guys.
You know what I mean?
That's kind of a nice, relieving
feeling.
And then, I mean, fuck.
Then you get dealt to Montreal.
That is...
If you look like you do, and you get
treated to Montreal, that's a great thing.
How do you have a cock left?
Gotta open a mail strip right now.
No, Montreal, good restaurants,
guys. Really good restaurants restaurants the architecture is really
nice beautiful museums i think shelvin's girlfriend might be in the room so we got to go to the next
subject yeah all right no uh no i'll oh fuck i'd rather talk about this um no montreal is awesome
i people ask me you know all the time, what was it like playing there?
I can only say it's like being, you know, Derek Jeter playing for the Yankees.
You know, but every guy is like that.
I mean, oh, man, what a city.
So much fun.
And we weren't even that good for a couple years.
And, you know, it's just, that's the game there.
I mean, they had, I guess the first couple years we had the Expos, who's the game there i mean they had i guess the first
couple years we had the expo was who fucking blew so that wasn't a big deal um we had the cfl
uh really no big deal they're actually good but no big deal so hockey is like the you know it's
the thing it's i mean it's the montreal canadians so it was great, man. That's, I mean, I had a lot of fun.
You know, I didn't, again,
I wasn't looking at playing 10 years in the NHL.
You know, I didn't even know that was like a thing.
So I was going to have fun.
I was going to have fun while I was there,
but I was going to, you know,
I was going to play hard, but I was going to have fun.
I was going to throw out a number.
500.
Just cough if maybe over.
What?
What are you talking about?
Socks on net.
What are you talking about?
500 tucks off the ice.
That's a lot.
I don't know.
Maybe 20.
Who knows?
Sure enough.
Sorry, Ari.
Sorry.
I was going to ask, was playing in the playoffs for the Canadians,
was that, you know, one of the, I don't know if the pinnacle of your career,
but was that probably one of the career highs you had actually being, you know,
being in the playoffs for such a storied franchise like the Canadians?
Yeah, for sure. I mean, it was, it was great. I mean, I tell a story.
We played, we played Boston one year in the playoffs and they finished first
in the playoffs. We finished eighth, which is kind of snark year in the playoffs, and they finished first overall.
We finished eighth.
We just kind of snuck in the periods.
We got down to them 3-1 in the series, and we came back and we won the series 4-3,
Game 7 in Boston.
I blacked it out.
When we flew back to Montreal, we all had to get police escorts out of the parking garage.
First round.
Wow, that's insane.
We won four games.
Yeah, we won four games.
Exactly.
And I think we got swept the next series by Tampa.
No police escorts.
No one waiting for us that series.
But fun, man.
It was, you know you know again it's
like it's like playing for the yankees right it's like playing for the red socks it's like playing
for the new england patriots it's like such a storied franchise that people just get so excited
and um and fired i mean montreal was doing that before you've seen like you know vegas getting
fired up and before you've seen Washington and how cool their fans are.
Montreal's been doing that forever.
I mean, it almost sounds like putting that jersey on,
it's almost like a superpower to certain players.
It's just like, and I've always thought that
because that franchise kicked the Bruins' ass for so long
that it felt like these guys are like superstars
just putting that jersey on.
It seems like guys almost take that game just by wearing it yeah you know what i think though it's
um so i grew up in edmonton right and so the early games used to be on saturday nights used
to be an early game uh you know east coast game and then the later game would be edmonton and
calgary edmonton vancouver something but the early game would be uhmonton and Calgary, Edmonton, Vancouver, something, but the early game would be Toronto or would be Montreal
against somebody.
So I grew up hating Montreal.
My dad hated them.
Nobody was really a fan of the Canadians in the West.
My dad was from Toronto and I grew up in Edmonton.
So the Habs were never like, you know, a team that I cheered for.
But when I got traded there, I'm like, oh, that's cool.
I was just going to go back to a Canadian city. But when I got traded there, I'm like, oh, that's cool. I was just going to go back to a Canadian city.
But when I walked in the dressing room, my first game,
it was actually in Boston.
I got traded in Colorado late at night,
and I got a call from the GM, Reggie Houle, and he said,
hey, we're going to get you on the red-eye tonight,
and you're going to play in Boston tomorrow.
He goes, I heard you don't sleep much anyway.
Ha, ha, ha, ha. So I played in Bostonoston i played yeah i'm like this is great you know he
knows me yeah um so i walk in the room and i see all the jerseys hanging and just the way they were
just the way like the equipment guys put stuff out and the organization of uh
the dress just everything of walking in it you knew you were playing like for like a storied
franchise you know and then you get around the franchise and you get around uh the players who
were you know the alumni who's there every game it is cool it is like you do have a pressure on
you to play well because you have pictures everywhere Stanley Cups you know pictures everyone's like you know you gotta you
gotta pull your weight so then fuck I mean that was a a great run I think you played what seven
years there seven years yep Jesus and then uh did you sign as a free agent in Edmonton? I believe you got handed a very healthy contract.
Yeah.
So at the time, you know, I had a lot of stuff going on personally.
I was going through a divorce.
I was just having my second kid who actually I just had her.
So she was like two months old.
So I wanted to go
back to montreal but logistically it just wasn't gonna work you know so i wanted to get out west
and free agency you guys have been through it things happen and don't happen like in
literally you know i think your phone doesn't ring at all exactly or it rings and it's like
hey are you gonna do this right now you know yeah you need to get an it rings and it's like, hey, are you going to do this right now? You know? Yeah.
You need to get an answer right now.
It's your grandma wishing you a happy birthday.
And you're like, my grandma's like, fuck it, agent's college.
Fuck off.
Exactly.
So I wanted to go out west.
And I talked to Edmonton kind of early on for agency.
And as I thought about it, you know, I took a few days was something there were some some some better contracts actually that I passed up I
just didn't want to be on the east coast there were things you guys know happens fast and anyways
long story short is you know I talked to my parents and um I thought it'd be awesome to go
back and play for the Oilers you know the year before they went to the Stanley Cup Finals,
they lost Pronger.
Did you get traded maybe there?
Did you get traded after?
I got traded when you were going through the year.
Like, Surrey versus Edmonton?
Yeah, yeah.
And I was on your side of it.
Twitter wasn't even that big then.
That would have been perfect for that era. You're welcome, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. And I was on your side of it. Twitter wasn't even that big then. That would have been perfect for that era.
Yeah, you're welcome, bud.
So, no, so when I went there, you know, it was with the best of intentions, man. Like, I was going to go play for the Oilers, growing up watching the Oilers,
Gretzky, you know, the whole thing.
So, at the time, it seemed like a great idea to be around my family
and play for the Oilers.
It sounded good.
Well, I'll step in quickly.
And there's some amazing guys that do great work around the league,
equipment managers, medical guys.
And at some point, and I saw this in Pittsburgh and I saw it in Edmonton,
people are in places for a long time.
And the game can almost pass you by in a way that sounds crazy.
And these are dudes who've
done it way longer than i was ever even a speck of the league but that kind of happened in edmonton
a little bit and there was some training staff that are really good people but it was just time
for a change because of how long it had been and i think a lot of people kind of ended up suffering
over over that kind of issue and i mean i know you you battled what injuries that that really couldn't get figured out right yeah injuries that couldn't get really figured out and
you know there's also a responsibility for everyone has a job to do right training staff
coaches players everyone has a job to do but if you ask any player a guy who just been
knocked out cold and he gets up and he skates to the dressing room if he's good to go and go back
out he will tell you absolutely every single guy i don't know if i've ever met one player
from any cut from anywhere who's like ah no you know i'm gonna sit this one out
there's just it doesn't happen so you have people people in place, you know, there's a chain of command
and there should be people protecting players.
And when that doesn't happen, you know,
you should be protecting your investments,
especially ones that are, you know, that are costing you a lot of money.
Anyways, when that doesn't happen, that didn't happen,
I didn't feel, and there was, you there was some things that probably could have been avoided.
I missed time.
I came back early.
I wanted to play.
I mean, I wanted to play for the team.
They signed me to a big contract.
I didn't want to sit there.
It was already kind of rumblings.
You're just collecting.
You know what I mean?
And so you want to go and you want to play, but there are probably certain points
and certain times where I should have maybe just, you know,
taken a little more time.
I don't blame anyone.
You know, we all have a voice, right?
We can always say, dude, you know, I can't go.
My shoulder's fucked up.
But, you know, you want to play.
Can we dumb this maybe down in your situation for
for for everyone who might not even know what happened I mean I know it had to do with your
wrist your wrist correct yeah well there was it was like a chain of events man like when I first
got there that that season that I signed as a free agent I had shoulder surgery after that season
it was like my fourth or fifth shoulder surgery and um so I had shoulder surgery after that season. It was like my fourth or fifth shoulder surgery.
And so I had shoulder surgery.
And when I came into training camp, like I wasn't even cleared to play until November.
So I come into training camp and I'm sitting around having a coffee the first day of like training camp.
Right. Like just before everyone got there, I'm sitting around with a couple of veterans,
Ian Wilson, Steve Sayles, Nathan Maul, and I i'm having a coffee and one of the coaches walks in and uh i said hey man and uh you know
whatever i'm showing him he says uh hey uh you know i hope we can get you off to a fast start
this year uh we don't want you to be a slow starter uh what? I kind of look and I look over at the trainer
because we're sitting in the training room.
I kind of look over at the trainer
and he walks in and talks to the trainer
and he comes out and the trainer's like,
okay, so you're going to do your testing.
You're going to be in this first group of testing.
I'm like, testing?
I go, dude, I can't lift a five-pound dumbbell
over my shoulder.
I mean, I'm like 210 pounds.
He knows I'm hurt, right hurt right he goes you're hurt because you're hurt no no fucking christ yeah so so that was my game
huh check the game notes but check the game notes right exactly the surgery notes, bud. Anything, right?
So that lit a fire.
That was my first day.
So that kind of lit a fire.
I came out and I tried to play in October.
I came back six weeks early trying to push it.
Again, just trying to do the right thing,
but was totally not the right thing.
But things could have been avoided.
Anyways, as it goes on and goes on,
there were some of those things that happened a few times.
And it wasn't only the movement. When I was at the end of it and I broke my hand,
I've never been told, I don't think I've ever been told in the NHL
to go out and fight somebody.
But I did get that kind of tap from one of my coaches when I fought a game and broke my hand.
You know, earlier in the season, one of the first games of the season, he'd accidentally tripped me.
You know, went back for a puck and I went to the boards pretty hard and had a concussion.
Missed a bunch of times.
Well, the first time that we played
Calgary, we're losing
5-1.
We're walking out to start the period
and one of the coaches taps me
and he goes, if there's a time to get him, it's right now.
I look at him like,
motherfucker.
You're in either 9 or 10
at that point.
I like Iggy.
I didn't feel like it.
You know what I mean?
I didn't have this, hey, I'm going to get him.
Hey, I want to get him back.
I didn't have that until I kind of had the anger towards my coach.
So I did that.
I break my hand there.
And I missed the rest of the season.
And then at the end of that season is when I came out.
You know, I wasn't the only player that was going through some of this stuff,
as you said, where, you know, you know, a little bit of the history.
So, I mean, I just kind of, I just kind of said it,
I just kind of stood up.
I wasn't meaning to like completely, you know,
bury myself or bury anybody else.
I just wanted to kind of bring some attention to the fact that, you know,
Hey, there's, there's some um there's you know a
little rust on this machine we need to fix it that's all and and one thing too is is back then
uh i know i joked about the fact that twitter wasn't around but sometimes it's nice for athletes
to have their own voice where i know like a bunch of edmonton fans we're all like anytime you chirp
edmonton i mean, you know firsthand too,
is they get so defensive where now that they get to hear this,
they might be like, oh, well, like what the fuck.
But, I mean, who knows?
Some of them might be like, oh, whatever, sucking up pussy.
They just  you know what I'm saying?
Like, listen, you weren't ready.
Your fucking shoulder  right off the fucking first time you meet the coach.
He's telling you, you got to rush this thing.
I mean something after a major surgery like that. I mean, well,
for me it shows that it shows that like even a guy like this,
this respected veteran on a big deal, like a big part of your team,
like they don't even treat someone like that with, you know,
like the gloves of being like, Hey, whenever you're ready, but it's like,
Hey, we just signed you. We need you out there. out there you're like dude what the fuck i can't even
do anything like but then you feel this no matter what you've done in the league you still feel this
thing of like i lose my job and things like that so no matter what people say and oh it's up to you
to play or not the pressure that's put on you at the highest level is is stuff that people can't
really go against if i can it's it is i mean
there's there's definitely and you know what happened in front of my teammate you know guys
who've been around there oh yeah warriors you know steve stale i mean these guys are like
you know warrior who play i mean i seen ethan play uh the year before against carolina in the
playoffs with like a you know a separated shoulder and a broken hand I mean guys who've done it before so when you kind of when you call a guy out like that in front of
other guys like that yeah he's embarrassed what do you think is going to happen you're
exactly and you're probably their highest paid defenseman now that pronger is gone so they have
they probably have you on a high pedestal as far as expectations when arguably one of the best,
probably the best shutdown defenseman of all time.
One of them, he was a fucking biggest piece of shit to play against.
He was ruthless.
Oh, I heard, I've heard nothing, but I heard he is the biggest mutant.
Some people put them up as probably one of the best individual players of all time.
And I know you guys think I'm fucking crazy about that.
I know.
But he would play 35 minutes a night when he was in St. Louis.
Like, probably one of the best defensemen of all time.
At least that. Yeah, for sure.
I mean, absolutely he was.
And he went there and he played.
I mean, basically him and the goalie, you know, carried them right to the Stanley Cup final.
And they lost.
So he left and I wasn't there to replace him.
That's, you know, I never got that.
But, you know, I was there to be one of those pieces, right?
I think we signed, maybe we signed Wisnowski that year too.
We moved Wisnowski from L.A.
Or we traded for him.
Just overpaying everyone.
la or we treated for him yeah we just overpaying everyone matt green yeah we had to bring in guys to you know to try to you know two guys at six million to try to replace prongs and i say replace
but i you know what i mean like not replace them but try to you know fill those holes and uh yes
so when i went there you know there was some expectation but i was fine with that i loved
that i thought it was going to be um you know it was going to be a good fit for me with that with that kind of team so you know you get past that
and I just look like looking at your hockey db it's funny I ended my career pretty much before
I did a year in Russia I ended it in the AHL and you went back and played in the NHL it was
completely different because you knew you were still an NHL player and then played two more years
but that year was that was that like fun for you I mean were
you stressed out or did you kind of go back and enjoy a little bit I'm sure the guys love having
you around an NHL vet with all this cash probably putting big money on the board so what what was
that year like yeah and Hershey yeah um Hershey was man, because it was, you know, the orders, the orders tried their hardest to try to make me quit, you know, to try to make me, you know, give up my contract.
And I remember saying before I went down there, I had a couple of meetings with them and I'm like, you guys are paying me like a boatload of money.
I go, fuck, send me anywhere you guys want and I'm going to go and I'm going, you guys are paying me like a boatload of money. I go, fuck, send me anywhere you guys want,
and I'm going to go, and I'm going to play this out.
It's like, you know, you guys aren't going to break me on this.
So they send me to Washington's.
Let me play.
Yeah, I'm going to go play.
I mean, it's all good.
I was in Seattle going to Edmonton's training camp,
and, you know, it was like three or four days before I got to Edmonton.
And they tell me I go and skate with the guys, you know, it was like three or four days before they got to edmonton and they tell me i'm not i go and skate with the guys you know it was informal before camp starts and
you know what steve tambolini the gm comes out yeah i was not invited to training camp and it's
just like is this the biggest joke it was such a joke so when i went down to hersey you know i
went with like hey look man i'm gonna be I'm getting paid professional money. Um, I'm going to go down there and be professional. And, um, you know, I was thankful to George McPhee. I mean, I would, he, I'm so happy to see him have success, uh, both in Washington and in Vegas. Cause he's, he's just a really great guy and, uh, and he deserves it.
just a really great guy and uh and he deserves it so he let me go there and um you know when i went there i think it was my second or third game you know i was this nhl guy who was down there and
playing and guys were taking run and it just i knew what was going to happen and uh i got in a
fight in the second or third game i was down there broke my hand again some guys had and uh and that started
that year it was like one after another yeah exactly so i heard stories of wade redden when
he got sent down from new york to hartford and he would give away like play ipads to like player
the game and if anyone stuck up for him he'd give away an ipad uh i heard it was to the point where
like guys on other teams would like rub him out on on a four check and like all four guys on the
team would go over there and fucking like jimmy shake and the guys just to fucking get the ipad
i also heard rumors that you were fucking hooking the boys up with shit on the bus and like just
throwing around your dough because you weren't paying escrow at the time.
Yeah. Yeah. It was fun financially.
It where it couldn't have worked out any better, you know,
and I was with a great organization in the minors. I mean, you know,
I couldn't have really asked for a better situation for the situation I was in.
So we made the best of it. Like the guys were, you know,
the minors is like a green system, right?
And it wasn't even my team.
It was like for these guys to go and play for the Capitals.
So I come down there and get nice time.
I'm probably taking some exposure away from some of these guys.
So I was just going to go there and be a good guy.
I was going to go there and be a professional and have fun with these guys.
And you know what?
professional and, um, and have fun with these guys. And you know what,
tennis kind of show them that if, if you guys, if it,
if the next level happens, this is the way you should be treating, you know, the next guys, you know, and, um, they don't make a lot of money.
Some are real young guys. So even like, I joke about it,
but even like going to dinner for some of them,
even buying like the subs after the game
and when they put their money in the you know after games when you money in the cup like a
meatball sub yeah that's 8.50 and you put 10 in you're waiting around for that dollar 50 back
so it was made a week ago yeah you get a cardboard pizza you eat just eat you'd rather eat the box
than the pizza um it's it's like you know even even doing that after a game the guys
were so appreciative and that makes you want to do it you know and um and so we had fun i had fun
that year it wasn't i wouldn't say it was uh you know my funnest year of hockey but i made the best
of the situation and the guys around me did too and it was well it was fine it's nice that you
didn't forget to order your food your first game back
because that's what Ryan Whitney did.
He had to drive back seven hours on the bus
with no food
because he'd forgotten about the cup thing.
I sat around sending texts
and ordering pizza like five minutes
before the game closed.
I'm like,
is it already time to go warm up?
Dude, I was taking selfies on the bus and sending my friends i'm
like does this look like an ahl face or is it still an nhl face they're like it's an always
hungry face now oh that's awesome shelly you wouldn't know chuck the knocks back in the day
quite a bit um is what was your most memorable scrap you had, whether in the NHL or any other league?
Man, I don't know.
Probably like my first, I think my first like two NHL. I think my first two NHL fights were against the same guy twice.
So I think my first two NHL fights were against a guy named Paul Cruz.
And I did well the first
one and surprised him and he's like well we're gonna go again so I fought him again and I think
a couple games later um the same thing I fought Louis DeBrusque and uh and I did good against
Louis and we're skating to the box and he looks over and uh he says don't even fucking put your gloves on kid so he sat in
the box just throwing up all over myself and we got out of the box and i fought him again so i
think the first two you know my first two nhl fights that i did well and i i've had to fight
the guy again you know a second time so that was kind of funny um i don't remember a lot of them
man you know i was so scared that i i don't remember the i don't remember a lot of them, man. I was so scared that I don't remember who I fought.
Was there any guys you were afraid of, like legit scared of fighting?
I mean, Probert must have been running around those days.
I mean, you must have been scared shit to fight Probert.
No, I mean, that's nothing against you.
I mean, Probert was just such a bad motherfucker.
Yeah, I fucking was. So here's a funny story about Probert. No, I mean, that's nothing against you. I mean, Probert was just such a bad motherfucker. Yeah, it fucking was.
Here's a funny story about Probert.
I came up and started in Jersey with a guy
named Reed Simpson. Awesome
guy. I played with Simmer.
You played with Simmer? So you know,
he's just the best
fucking guy ever. So, he
got traded to Chicago.
And Chicago had a really tough team
and we had a
tough team. And the night before we play in New Jersey,
Reed comes in and we're going to go for dinner. And he says, Hey,
I'm going to come in with a probie and we'll come over to your house and we'll
go for dinner. I said, okay. So him and probie come over to the house.
And I'm like, I want him to sign everything. You know,
I just want him to sign everything. I'm like, fucking Bob Probert.
So we go eat, and Probert wasn't drinking, but he had, I don't know,
maybe 15 old duels.
It's like the taste.
It was great.
And he's smoking those duels, you know, a little piece of lasagna here and there.
I was like, this is amazing.
So the next night we play him.
And we're in the warm-up, and he kind of just keeps buying the look, and I was like, this is amazing. So the next night, we play them. And we're in the
warm-up, and he kind of keeps buying
the look, and I kind of give him a nod.
And he said, you fucking settle down
right here tonight, kid.
So
we're playing the game, and there's a scrum
in front of the net, and Proby's
in there. And Kenny Danico comes, and
he cross-tacks Probert from behind.
And Proby kind of goes flying into the net, and he fucking getstacks Robert from behind and probably kind of goes
flying into the net he fucking gets up out of the pile he goes who did that and he's got one glove
like he's holding on to one glove like who did that you know I'm gonna fight and Ken Danico goes
I fought him like seven or eight times.
Yeah, I know.
And, Mark, I left my aim.
You know, trying to pick up champ, looking at my skate, you know,
and doing my lace-up.
You know, I got a skate lace-up and then had to skate to the bench.
I'm like, not a champ.
And he just looked at me and he just gave me a shove. And I'm like, not a champ.
Who's the dead man that hit me with the Schultz shaker?
Yeah.
You look at a shop walker
on your skate and it hasn't even been
invented yet for 10 years.
Oh, man.
Dano, that's unreal.
You got some fun ones, don't you? Some other fun questions.
Oh, I mean,
actually, keeping with the fight theme.
Do you miss fighting in a game today, Sheldon,
or do you, like, realize the stage shit got to be, like, too much,
or do you think these kids are too afraid of it?
What's your impression as far as fighting in today's NHL?
You know, to be honest with you, when I retired,
I knew the game was going like a different way.
We had the walkout at 13, I think it was, 2012, 2013.
So that was like my last season, played that half the season, got hurt.
And then I had a career, you know, ending surgery and lost my last two years.
But I knew the game was going a different way.
You know, the rules were changing.
Players were just kind of getting fat.
We were starting to lose.
You know, teams were going from having, you know,
two kind of tough players or three to maybe one.
Some didn't have any.
So I knew the game was changing.
And when I got out of it, I started seeing guys losing jobs. I wasn't really paying attention to hockey i wasn't really
watching it but i seen guys you know not get jobs i mean you're you know you're a casualty of the
the turnover right i mean you could have played and and uh usually the best guys in the dressing
room the greatest guys were those kind of guys were your enforcer type guys you know um they
were the funnest guys to be around, the nicest guys
that made everyone feel,
you know,
10 feet tall
and bulletproof
and calm
and cool
and they just were
usually the best guys.
So I seen guys
start losing jobs
and the game
kind of going
a different way
and,
you know,
I didn't really watch it,
you know,
I wasn't really a fan because I knew friends who weren't getting jobs and I way and you know i didn't really watch it you know i wasn't really a fan
because i knew friends who weren't getting jobs and i just uh you know i didn't like it i judged
it and i went to the first playoff game this year that uh i was in las vegas i was playing in a golf
tournament my buddy has six seats on the glass said you want to go to a game it was the first
playoff game that vegas played against the kings i said be cool to go to a game? It was the first playoff game that Vegas played against the Kings.
I said, it'd be cool to go to the first one, right?
So I went and I seen the hockey and I seen how fast they were and how aggressive and how they were hitting.
And I thought the game was unreal.
And I watched all the playoffs and I thought the hockey this year was amazing.
The playoffs were great.
So I can't say I'm not a fan of the game.
I haven't really watched it the last four years,
but after watching it this year, I'm a fan of the game.
It's still rough. It's still physical.
You've got teams like Vegas and the Kings who are still doing their thing,
but less fighting.
Some people like fighting, some people don't,
but I think the game's good and people are watching it.
And it was, the playoffs were great.
So, I mean, what do I know?
So, no, right on.
You know, Biz and I have talked before about this,
but is there one thing that kind of sticks out to you,
you really miss about playing?
Pre-game meals, pre-game nap.
The pre-game meals and then the nap is just tits up.
Paychecks, road trips.
I mean, you know, I mean, you guys know, right?
That's it.
That's it.
The fun is in everything.
The games are fun.
You know, people don't understand, I don't think, and it's not, you know, People don't understand, I don't think.
And it's not people who understand.
I'm not criticizing anyone.
Playing professional sports is hard.
There's so much preparation.
There's so much practice.
There's so many meetings.
And when you're not, you've got to be a professional away from the rink.
You're dressed in your suit. You're going for dinner with the guy. you know and when you're not you're got to be a professional away from the rink right you're
dressed in your suit uh you're going for dinner with the guy there's it's always you're kind of
always on you know during the season there's not a lot of breaks to just be like so the season gets
can be hard and demanding what's fun though is you know those road trips, those days off in a cool city,
you know, the last, the plane rides, you know,
the days of the game are stressful.
And when you're losing, nothing's fun.
But I miss the guys.
You know, I miss being around a locker room and having fun and joking around with guys and and keeping things loose i mean that
was you know part of my life for for most of my life so i miss that but um you know towards the
end of it as i got older the game was getting harder the practices were getting on i mean
that's why like guys like chelios and kingless already like i put my last year he was two or
three years older than me maybe four years older than me and he came to the rink every day man he was smiling he was the fastest player in practice
i'm like i don't know how this guy does it because i'm you know living on the beach in newport life
should be great i was so tired um the road trips were getting longer you know i was starting to
miss my family a little more as you get older it just gets a little harder so i knew the end of the line was coming so it was getting a little less fun and a little more like work and it was
never like that for me fuck i mean never that was pretty emotional shit dude fuck i'm tearing up
over here buddy hey buddy some of my tears are those hundred100 bills. Because he's reading what your paychecks were, and he's tearing up.
Like, he didn't fucking sniff those.
Yeah, I blocked the, you know, I was going to talk about the paychecks,
but I'm just blocking that out or else I'll get emotional.
Hey, so I know you're a big golf guy, dude.
What's the handicap?
How much do you play?
Are you an official golf nut?
Buddy, my handicap is, you know,
it depends how much we're playing for and who I'm playing against.
Okay.
I like that.
That's a tough guy to go up against.
You know?
I mean, are we getting an 8 or a 12?
I don't know.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, just, you know, it depends.
It depends who's  it's like, you know,
there's going to a visiting course.
I mean, I can, you know, I can be a visiting course i mean i can you know i can be
an eight i can be a 10 i can be a 12. i suck and you're a bit of a sandbagger i told you i was like
a 20 and you're like i ain't i can't put you at 20 i should be like 40. dude that means at a 20
that means you're getting two shots on one hole, and you're not that bad. I've seen him play.
Ask Ray Whitney how good I am at golf.
He's pretty bad.
I shot a 130 at Whisper Rock and then told Mickleson he had bitch tits,
and I found his bra at one of the stalls, and then I was never invited back.
Shocker.
I think your function just lifted here at Gossard,
so you can convert this and
i think you're uh your five-year suspension at gauzer for wearing those short shorts on the
courses i'll talk to the gm hey maybe uh maybe we should all uh go do a live spit and check
that's considering that there's a couple decent hockey players there we get gretzky on the podcast
oh yeah you get those microphones with. Probably the last one who wants to
do it.
Yeah.
Maybe if you get
some good cell
service,
we'll,
we'll do it.
Thanks so much.
Yeah,
buddy.
We wanted to
thank you for
coming on.
You gave a lot
of great answers.
You were really
in depth and I'm
sure you're going
to be a repeat
customer now.
Just the guy who
was respected,
respected around
the league.
Oh,
fuck.
Love you.
Thanks a lot. You guys are doing a great job. Thank you guys, man. I respect it. Respect it around the league. Oh, fuck. Love you. Thanks a lot, man.
You guys are doing a great job.
Thank you, guys, man.
I appreciate it.
Thank you for coming on, man.
Really appreciate it.
Had a good time with your shoulder.
Anytime, guys.
Keep up the great work.
That interview was also brought to you by Omaha Steaks.
Everybody knows Father's Day is just around the corner.
You're probably looking for the perfect Father's Day gift.
Every dad loves to grill
or even have somebody grill for them.
Or even deadbeats like myself who don't have a kid,
you might have an uncle who likes to grill.
Hook him up, even if it's not Father's Day,
get him some Omaha Steaks.
Listen, man, I've been on this racket for years.
Omaha Steaks are killer.
They're great to have in a fridge.
The frost overnight, boom,
throw them on the grill a little bit the next day,
you're golden.
I'm telling you, man, I've been doing this for a long time.
I've been getting Christmas presents forever.
I recommend it all the time.
Listen, the convenience, boom, hand-delivered, flash-frozen, vacuum-sealed, right to your
door in an Omaha Steaks cooler.
You get pork, poultry, veal, lamb, bison, seafood, veggies, all the highest quality
cuts with one-of-a-kind flavor, all USDA-inspected expected for quality and aged for 21 days to unlock the full flavor
and tenderness of the cuts.
I just had some of the pork chops today with a little Polynesian teriyaki sauce.
Minga, the good stuff.
It's got customization as well.
Get you the option to customize your cuts for dad's grilling needs.
Find recipes, wine pairings, all that stuff.
You know, I'm telling you, it's good stuff, man.
Right now, Omaha Steaks is doing a crazy offer.
It's a limited time offer to spit and chicklets listeners for Father's Day.
78 off.
That's insane.
It's really an amazing deal.
Go to omahasteaks.com, type chicklets, that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S in the search bar,
and you can get Omaha Steaks Father's Day Package,
which includes, hold on, deep breath, two filet mignons, two beefy top sirloins, four chicken fried steaks, two boneless pork chops, four all-beef Omaha Steakburgers,
four gourmet jumbo franks, 12 ounces of all-beef meatballs, one pound of steakhouse fries,
four caramel apple talets.
Love those.
One Omaha Steaks seasoning packet.
Plus, get four more grill-ready Omaha Steaks burgers free with purchase.
Again, get this limited-time packets for only 49.99 when you go to omahasteaks.com.
Type chicklets in the search bar and add Father's Day packets to your cart.
It's that easy don't
wait this offer ends soon go to omahasteaks.com type chiclets in the search bar grab your dad
fire up the grill and chow away that was a that was a fun time there yeah that was great man you
know i love talking about all the canadians as much as you know boston fans hate montreal we
still respect the franchise.
Everyone always talks about going there and how different it is.
It was interesting to get his perspective.
You do feel like some guys, they go there and they've been stiff their whole career.
Then all of a sudden in the playoffs, they're fucking superstars when they put that jersey on.
It was fun to get his answers on that, among other things.
He's a very articulate guy.
He's very well spoken and thought
out and and i love when guys come on and you know maybe it might be something a fan listening
disagrees with maybe it was the edmonton situation but it's nice to hear his perspective how he felt
emotionally about it and how you know sometimes certain sides of the business aren't always
rainbow and sunshine right you know and well i didn't bring it up i almost did but you know like the tsn
they they had the depositions from the cte fucking deposition lawsuit a few years ago and i don't
know if you saw that we hadn't brought it up yet the videos of betman uh lula morello jeremy jacobs
all like the shit they talk about it's not a trial it's a deposition so they give it a statement but
it's on videotape and these guys are like you, you know, Jeremy Jacobs saying like four years ago,
he never heard of CTE.
It's like, how the fuck do you own an NHL team and never heard of CTE?
You know, like just the answer they were given was,
the only one who got up there and like really didn't bullshit was fucking
Brendan Shanahan.
Of course, he's like the only like really ex-player there.
But it was interesting because he was saying basically how they treat them
like meat, you know.
They don't care about you.
And it was interesting because like we basically got the video evidence from front
offices and ownership through the tsn report a couple weeks ago that yeah they don't you're
just a fucking another number to them and they're going to replace you as soon as they can
i'm uh i'm looking through google images for pictures of him to tweet out like we just
interviewed sir right like He's fucking handsome.
You should have seen me ride this guy's
I'm sitting on my hand getting ready
to do the stranger to him.
I've been told that women would just walk up
to him.
I partied with him at the Bruckheimer
in Vegas, but I was getting
fucking feedback kills left and
right. I was on fuego
that trip. Like going out with Gret I was on fuego that trip.
Like going out with Gretzky on the power play. Just go out in front of the net
and behind the office. Setups all night.
You just got to score. If you don't score, it's your fault.
And I had Ovi's twig.
All right, boom. Dude, actually,
what about that Brock Heino thing? I don't want to waste time
when we had him on. What was that?
Like the charity thing?
A temporary team?
The Jerry Brock Heino thing?
Who the... Is that like the charity thing? A temporary team? The Jerry Bruckheimer thing? Jerry, who the  is that URA?
Crack it and brew, dude.
Come on.
It's a fucking hockey pod.
This was a long podcast, so we are going late night.
Fuck it.
But Jerry Bruckheimer Hockey Tournament, he's a movie producer.
Is that good?
Yeah, he likes to blow shit up.
Yeah, Pirates of the Caribbean was probably
his uh biggest uh series but uh he loves hockey he would he would have uh well probably 16 NHLers
or you know NHL coaches or people involved come out a bunch of buddies would a bunch of his buddies
would pay to to join on the teams they would separate pros, and they would have a four-team hockey tournament.
The one rule was you couldn't miss the games in the morning,
and then you would show up.
The bus would drive you there.
You would play.
There would be beer on the bench.
You'd be shit-faced, and then you'd party all day.
You'd go shower up.
You'd go for a nice dinner, and then you'd go out all night,
and it happened for four days.
Like I said, I was Johnny Cash in the hotel room for two days afterwards sucking my thumb
dude they gave like awards like drunkest guy at the tournament like all this stuff like best coke
hollywood party so like come on well i mean i can't talk about that because i don't know if
you guys know i'm employed by an nhL team. Or an NHL club.
So far.
Yeah, exactly. You're going to get me
canned, R.A.
I got a fucking gun to your head.
57th Coke drop
will finally be the final straw.
Final straw,
no pun intended.
Okay, R.A., a little word play.
Fucking MM over there. All in all A little wordplay. Fucking Eminem over there.
All in all, I think we can wrap this bad boy up.
This might be a long one.
Fucking right, dude.
Sheldon was great, man.
He was really good.
Sheldon was awesome.
That went longer than we thought, but that guy, I mean, fuck, people were scared of him.
I still remember Penner.
Dude, Penner would put on his fucking  he'd put on the helmet with a mask on it like he was in college when they'd practice five-on-threes in Edmonton.
So it would bring the high heat.
Hey, boys, speaking about Caps gear, we're also talking about Caps gear.
You know what I'm talking about, right?
Go to store.bastelsports.com.
Use the promo code CHICK.
That's for 15 off.
We just dropped a whole shitload of Caps gear tonight.
Oshie shirts, Caps, everything Stanley Cup Caps.
There's too many shirts for me to mention right now.
That's how many.
Go check them on the site.
Whether you're a Caps fan, the Caps fan in your life,
you want to jump on the bandwagon, jump on the Barstool Sports Store.
Use the promo code CHICKLETS for 15 off.
We also got the Charlie McAvoy crossover hat for Barstool.
All kinds of spit and chicklet shirts as well.
Check everything out.
Go to Saturdays of the Foot Boys, pool floats.
All kinds of Saturdays of the Foot Boys.
Merchandise is dropping.
All the 80s stuff.
I'm having flashbacks just looking at them.
So go to store.barstoolsports.com.
Use the promo code CHICKLETS for 15 off.
Don't tell El Prez.
So anyways, back to the Cup, boys.
Great stuff.
Washington, congratulations.
I mean, I didn't think they'd ever do it.
I really didn't.
Shows how much I know.
I had a great playoff.
I mean, I was on fire.
Finally, at the end, they got something right.
Thank God.
But Washington Capitals, they deserved it.
Like we said, down 0-2 in the first round.
They beat the nemesis, the team they can't beat in the Penguins in the second round.
They go on and beat Tampa in a great series in the third round
where it looked like they could have been done.
And then they beat what looked like the most dominant team in the NHL
leading into the finals.
So they did it all.
Ovechkin got his cup.
And it's pretty crazy that his entire career story has been changed in this playoff.
He'll never be remembered or thought of as a guy who couldn't get it done,
was a goal scorer but didn't do anything else because he scored goals, he won the cons might,
and more than anything, he made defensive plays the entire playoffs that you weren't used to seeing from him.
So he changed the narrative on his career for the rest of eternity, and it was pretty crazy to see.
Love it.
Yeah.
And actually, that's a great point, which obviously Ovechkin's a story.
But also to echo that, Barry Trotz, he got to rewrite his story too.
He's a guy who's the coach and narrative couldn't get out of the second round.
And I think you said 19 years he's been around.
Of course, a lot of those are with the expansion Nashville team
that wasn't going to go anywhere for a while.
So, you know, I mean, you could probably throw half those years out only.
But still, that's a long time to go without the cup.
You know, he's a free agent.
I can't believe, Biz, you said he's only making 1.5 million.
He needs a new agent because fucking Quinny's already getting 2.5
from the Rangers and he's never coached an NHL game before.
So Trott should at least double that. But it's great to see him him win a cup so he's a great guy he's got so much
respect from every coach around the league uh you never hear anything bad about him his interactions
with everybody are good so good for him and again to echo what Witt said uh congrats to the Caps fans
out there I know you know we've had some fun with you guys poke fun congrats to Nate and PFT those guys have been winning for a long time uh and I'll tell you man the Caps fans out there, I know we've had some fun with you guys. Poke fun. Congrats to Nate and PFT. Those guys have been winning for a long time.
And I'll tell you, man, the Caps fans, they showed up.
Like, you know, that's a city.
Not so much Caps fans, but D.C.'s a city where, like, okay, yeah,
it's a transient population.
People come from everywhere.
The fandom's always been in question.
But the amount of people that showed up in fucking Vegas tonight,
that was pretty commendable.
I thought that spoke volumes about the Caps fans.
So shout out to DC.
You guys earned it.
Capitals were unreal.
Fucking congratulations from the bottom of my heart.
Geez, I never thought I was going to get the mic back.
No, but well said, R.A.
Don't fucking stop watching.
Well said.
But, boys, even though the NHL Cup cup finals is over and there's no more hockey left
this podcast doesn't stop we're gonna keep fucking rolling out unbelievable interviews
we still have the draft coming up we have the nhl awards as well before that we're gonna be
fucking doing some pretty special things for you hockey fans because i know all you speaking of
sucking thumbs you guys are gonna be pretty upset the hockey season's over.
We're going to get even better stories on this podcast,
and we're hoping, we're fucking hoping and praying
we're going to get a bunch of the fucking man missiles
from the Washington Capitals on this,
and hopefully they're buckled when they come on
because we're going to get some juicy, juicy stories.
And boys, to leave us,
I'm going to leave us with a pretty special stat.
This is going to be my sign off.
So once I finish,
once I finished,
I love you all.
You're the best fans in the world.
Love this podcast.
But what I'm going to finish with
is Alexander Ovechkin.
He's the story of the night
breaking Washington's curse.
There's four people
in the history of our wonderful game
who have won three or more regular season MVPs and a playoff MVP.
Alex became the fourth tonight.
The three names before him, Wayne Gretzky, Mario Lemieux, and Bobby fucking Orr.
How's that for a list?
Suck on that, OVHaters.
