Hey, Spit and Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spit and Chicklets is brought to you by Leza, a mattress redesigned.
After some research, we learned that men and women think about sleep differently.
Men use words like recharge and optimize.
They want it to be efficient and effective, while women use words like relax and optimize. They want it to be efficient and effective while women use words
like relax and recover. It's more of a place to decompress after a long day. What we can all agree
on is that we do more in the bedroom and on our mattresses than sleep. We relax and recover with
a book, television, or even tea. We constantly think of our bedroom space as a personal sanctuary.
This idea of deeper rest speaks to the personal contribution to Lisa's social mission
and the personalization of rest.
It's more than sleep.
All right, Biz, I'm going to take over on this one.
You are strugglecity.com.
I'm going to take over right now.
I'm going to tell all you guys out there. It's 130 off at Lisa
dot com slash barstool. It's the deepest
discount we have ever offered.
130. It's a lot of money. One
mattress donated to every 10 sold
and one tree planted for every
order received. 23,000
mattresses have been donated thus far and
11,000 five-star reviews
have come with it. I mean, think about how many
that is. That's more people that five-star review our podcast for christ's sake lisa matches is loved
by 300 000 happy sleepers and counting socially conscious with a mission to end bedlessness in
america which means a lot to a lot of people lisa mattresses was designed to provide support and
pressure relief to every body type and sleeping for a deeper night's sleep. You need to get your rest.
Quick question, though, Whit.
Have you ever slept on a Leesa mattress?
Yeah, dude.
I slept like an absolute rock without Ambien, too.
Oh, really?
Yeah, it's a no-joke, legit mattress.
Well, then there you go, folks.
And 130 off.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode Michael Nylander of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Boss School Sports.
Say hello to the boys, producer Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, gentlemen? Big show on tap for today.
Big one, big one. Ryan Whitney.
What is up?
And our Vancouver boy, Paul Bissonette, Riz Nasty.
Stay hot, Biz.
Stay hot.
We got a great show for you tonight. We have Stanley Kupwinter, Tom Wilson,
live from whatever the bother booze in at tonight.
PFT commenter,
Super Caps fan, and Bastu Nate, another
Super Caps fan. Got some great shit
coming to you later. So, boys,
this is kind of a quiet season. We got a little lull
between the draft and the All-Star,
I'm sorry, not the All-Star, the award, the the postseason awards what do you guys been up to just golfing hitting
the hitting the link so what i've been watching the washington capitals being one of the greatest
benders i've ever seen in my life i've been i've been watching oshi and ovechkin pretty much
do exactly what mike Commodore was imagining
when he started really using the hashtag in one.
They are in one.
They deserve to be in one.
Ovechkin's keg stand, swimming in this pool, in this six-inch pool.
I mean, this is stuff of legends, and I'm happy for them.
They deserve it.
Yeah, it's been more jealousy on my end,
watching these guys have the best time
in their life apparently uh jimmy fallon is having on uh ovi and holby tonight yeah yep the cups in
the it was in new york today i was like i said well i mentioned later in the show i was a little
surprised it didn't pop by bostel just seeing as it's been there before but uh it's it's the videos
have been unbelievable tj oshi slugging the two double Coronas at one time.
And it's so  like we get out to a willy too, just bringing that cup around.
It's like a magic potion or something.
People see it and they just gravitate to it.
Oh, yeah.
And it's just like a constant roving potty as long as it's going on.
So we got lots of potty talk, lots of cup talk.
Biz, what do you got on the hot stove, as it were?
Do they call it the hot stove in the summer?
Yes.
And actually, going back to Jimmy Fallon, I was talking to a buddy the other day,
and this is a baseball story, but nonetheless, I guess you could call us a sports podcast.
So Jimmy Fallon was on a podcast recently, and when he was on Saturday Night Live,
he was known as one of the partiers.
And when we say party, we mean extracurricriculars getting after it late nights, a lot of,
a lot of dummy dust.
And he was talking about a night that he ended up with, um, Oh God,
who's the David Wells, the big pitcher used to pitch for Toronto. Uh,
well, yeah. So he signed a huge deal with the Yankees, right?
I believe that was after Toronto. And so, uh,
so Jimmy Fallon's talking about being at this after hours with David Wells.
I want to say his wife now, but they were  I think the party ended around 6 o'clock.
Jimmy Fallon went to bed at 7, and he ended up waking up around, I think, noon.
So he pops on the TV, and it was on the Yes Network,
and David Wells was in the seventh inning and pitching well.
And Jimmy Fallon was like, whoa, this has to be some type of fucking replay
or something.
This guy left the place at 6 in the morning and he was in one.com,
as Mike Commodore would like to say.
And sure enough, he called his buddy who was at the party as well and says,
hey, is this like a replay of another game?
And he turned it on. He's like, no, no like no no this is today yeah and then they looked in the newspaper
found out david wells is in fact pitching that night it turned out to be his perfect game yeah
i'd i you never heard that story i'd never fucking heard that story did you know that's where i was
going with it yeah i had just well i figured i mean i'm sure the guys had a hundred nights out
when he ends up pitching four hours after he goes to sleep but yeah i remember just well i figured i mean i'm sure the guys had a hundred nights out when he ends up
pitching four hours after he goes to sleep but yeah i remember i remember it coming out that
his perfect game he was completely loaded and up till about six in the morning it's incredible i
i actually think of fallon you're saying it got brought up because ovechkin's going to the show
i was going to say fallon's a notorious partier he ripped it up he's interviewed rock stars and he might actually leave after seeing ovechkin be like that was the most fucked up guy
i've ever interviewed because if he's gonna go on that show and he just stays on this bender he
could be a absolutely hilarious guest crippled the entire interview all right had you heard that
story i well i was familiar with the david wills yeah what david wells hung over it was a perfect
game wasn't it was it a no-hitter?
Perfect game. Perfect game, right.
I don't think a lot of people knew that he was
with Jimmy Fallon. I didn't know that part.
No way, I didn't know that. I didn't know
he was on an all-night toot with
Jimmy Fallon either. Yeah, Fallon
is a fucking saucebag.
I didn't know. I wasn't sure on the Booger Sugar either,
but he definitely likes to get at it,
because it's been fucking talked about and rumored about for years. He's sure on the book of Sugar either, but he definitely likes to get at it because he, you know, it's been, well,
fucking talked about in rumored about for years.
He's almost gotten in trouble a couple of times,
but the fact,
and they always spin it away.
But as far as Ovechkin,
what's great about him is he's like,
I mean,
we always talk,
obviously talk about him being Russian, but he doesn't have like,
like North American,
for lack of a better word,
sensibilities of like political correctness.
He doesn't care.
He's just some crazy drunk Russian who just gets plastered anded and doesn't really care what people think it's pretty fucking entertaining
i'll tell you that it's awesome that that like it's so true he doesn't care he's going he'll
end up living in russia i'm sure when he's done and he's like i don't care right now this isn't
even my home country i'm gonna get as crippled as i can uh the the other thing i always think
about when when you when you see the cup
celebrations and everything is
it's incredible to party with the cup.
Every guy, you get together as a team. I imagine
it's incredible. I don't have the chance.
And I always think of the single
guys, though, because the married guys, yeah, you're getting
after it for
night two, three nights in a row. At some
point, you kind of have to shut it down. You got
kids. But the guys who are single, night two, three nights in a row, at some point, you kind of have to shut down. You got kids.
But the guys who are single, I mean, Chris Kunitz ruined the chance I had to win the cup as a single man, so thanks a lot.
But, I mean, that is where I assume you can 30 nights in a row.
I mean, still, you start training mid-July, late-July.
Well, Commodore would probably be a good example because he went on 15 cup parties.
So I'd imagine he was single.
And if not, he was after that.
And Vrana would be another guy who I would imagine is single for the Capitals.
Vrana has been.
He's probably top three on the N1 list right now for the Caps, I would say.
You'll hear Tom Wilson go into a little detail about
he had to have somewhat into a little detail about uh
he had to have a somewhat of a little talk with the man they called v who's nasty by the way i
didn't know much about him till the playoffs he looks like he's about 15 years old and the best
one he's showing his tattoo on his wrist and he's pulling the sleeve up his shirt up because he's so
buckled he's like showing off his high you know his bicep but his tattoo is on his fucking wrist
he's too drunk to realize.
He had a great playoffs.
He's so young, man. He looks like
he's 17 years old.
It's another hilarious guy. It would be nice getting a cup
early on, too. Get it off.
Get it out of the way. You're playing with the house's
money the rest of your career.
Boys, I hate to jump ship
into some serious talk, but
rumors floating around that Milan Lucic is potentially heading out of Edmonton.
Rumors that Montreal is very interested.
Obviously, he has a pretty lengthy contract with a lot of money.
What are your guys' feelings on that?
I pretty much thought this would be a buyout from day one.
I mean, it was an obvious overpay.
I mean, I think chiarelli we
we saw it here in boston he had a lot of loyalty to the guys maybe misplaced maybe too much at
times he was handed out no trade no movement clauses left and right with you know guys who
weren't necessarily the caliber of play you want to do that for third and fourth liners he really
handicapped the franchise so when he signed lucic to what was in seven years, 42 million,
I mean, everybody knew he was going to get paid,
but everyone knew at some point it's going to be a potential buyout.
And I think that's what's probably going to happen.
I mean, the league has gotten so much faster.
It's so much quicker.
And, you know, Lucic, as great as he can be, as effective as he can be,
you know, he's 30 years old.
He's getting older. He's getting slower. He's, you know, he's 30 years old. He's getting older.
He's getting slower.
He's, you know, played such a physical game for so long, man.
You could just see this coming a mile away.
If they do trade him, it's obviously Edmonton's going to have to eat
at least 50 of that contract, I would think.
But he's got a no-move clause.
Excuse me for what's going back to my original point.
So if he doesn't want to get traded, he really doesn't have to.
Then they might have to play the minor league.
It'll be okay to leave Edmonton.
That's just a hunch, and that's not a shot at Edmonton.
But you've got to imagine some teams who want a little size,
either they'll eat some of his contract or send over some high draft picks
in order for someone to take him.
I know Arizona was in a situation like that where they had some cap space left
where they took on Datsouk's contract from Detroit.
They took on Chris Pronger's as well.
I believe there's even a couple more that they took on.
So in order to accumulate draft picks to move on for the future.
Well, I mean, Shirely's paid Looch 66 million.
I mean, and there was a guy, I mean, he was the guy at one point who was,
I mean, the dominant, maybe the best power forward in the game.
But you play like that, this is going to be every single guy.
I mean, there's guys right now who are really good players in the league
that at some point you're going to say, wow, they're making too much money.
They're going to end up being bought out or traded somewhere to kind of a rebuilding team and that's just kind of how it
goes I mean especially nowadays it happens even quicker than before so I mean you don't I don't
think he's done as a player I just think you know to play the role that they paid him to play in
Edmonton you know you probably need to be a little faster he's kind of playing with McDavid at times
and that's just how it goes
so you wonder where he'll end up uh but like r.a said i mean a team's edmonton's gonna have to eat
half of it or it wouldn't make sense for whoever's getting them right he's just not he's just not
gonna get the bang for your buck at six million dollars out of loot cheats i don't think at this
stage of his career and that's not a knock on him it's no you know it's if anything it's a tribute
to how he's played the game so hard for so long it's just just the guys, once they go north of 30, they break down.
And like you said, having said that, he can still be an effective guy.
There's another guy whose nickname we talked about, Ilya Kovalchuk.
He's talking to a couple of the teams out west.
I mean, I think he's 35, but he was still putting up numbers in the KHL,
which you must have played against him over there, right?
Yeah, he's on St. Petersburg, Scott, they, they, they dominate this year.
They, they basically had the Russian Olympic team or the Olympic athletes from Russia.
And they still didn't, they didn't win.
There was like a story that they were going to, they were actually like the league was,
I think we talked about it one episode that the league is, was basically pushing refs
to have Scott win the championship.
Well, they ended up not winning it.
So he dominates over there.
I wonder, I mean, I don't know what he'd sign coming back
because he's not nearly as fast as he was either.
I mean, speed was his biggest game breaker.
His shots obviously have been one of the best shots I've ever seen,
you know, his release and all that.
But he would, I mean, remember his end-to-end rushes,
picking up the puck on the power play? It a joke he'd fly by people so that's not there anymore
so you wonder i mean he still has the shot but i don't i'm interested to see i mean panarin coming
over as a young young kid uh young legs could fly i kind of saw him having success i wasn't sure but
i figured he was going to be good kovacic's in the KHL just as dominant,
but it's because he sits there and takes one-timers
and just goes barring in the whole game.
He doesn't even have to move.
So I'm wondering what will happen for him in the NHL and how he'll play.
He could definitely still shoot the puck, though.
But so, I mean, could he end up in L.A.?
Is that what you said or were you asking?
No, Darren Draga said Ilya Kovacic in California this weekend
visited L.A. yesterday and the Sharks tomorrow.
Those events already happened, but he tweeted about it a couple days ago.
So, yeah, he's out there talking to two of the three Cali teams.
But I think it would be great for the league.
I mean, I know he's 35.
He just turned in April.
But he's such a dynamic talent.
It's actually a shame we didn't get him for the whole peak of his career
because he was an MVP caliber player when he was on his game and not hurt.
But I think, you know, I think he can still do something.
I haven't seen him in years, but just based on what we did see of him,
you know, five years ago, I'd be willing to bet he still has some good amount
of gas left in the tank.
Yeah, I think that at his age now, he should go to a team
that's already established.
When he was in New Jersey, he kind of got to run the show there
because he still had
you know, he's
probably at the peak of his game. Then he went over and made a
boatload of dough in Russia. He has
more money than anyone now. So I think
now he's just like, I'm sick of riding these shitty planes.
I want to go back to living
in a nice country and no
offense, Russia. But
yeah, I think he's going to come back.
Was that too offside, guys?
No.
He should come to Arizona, and you guys can just rip it up a little time together.
I've been DMing with him, but I didn't want to say anything.
A lot of tampering discussion in this episode.
Well, that's what I'm saying, right?
So I'm pretty much fucking hooping.
Funny how much talent was on a couple of those Atlanta Trash's teams for a couple of years.
They were just a mess otherwise, but they had some fucking nasty talent for a little bit.
Yeah.
But boys, moving to a very happy story,
and we're going to pass it on to our golf expert.
Oh, yes.
Garrett Rank, NHL referee,
qualified and is playing in the U.S. Open this week
at Shinnecock Hills on the Hamptons in Long Island.
I mean, what a course. I've played it. Not not a big deal i've played all of them out there this one is just i mean it's the
one of the top five courses in in the country i would say um and this kid is was it grew up a very
very good golfer his entire life he played on canadian national golf teams with mckenzie hughes
who's on tour uh another tour player i can't think think of Corey James, something like that. So he said, you know, he was
thinking about trying to become a pro golfer, got a scholarship in college, but he got into
refereeing when he was young and he ends up, you know, doing a good job in the AHL as a young ref.
And he said, whatever came first, you know, if I get a look from the NHL to be a ref, or I can try to play pro golf, I'll choose either one. And, you know, he ended
up getting a call from the NHL, got a contract after he did some Calder Cup games. I don't know
how many years he spent in the AHL, but he continued to be a big time amateur golfer.
I mean, this is at a level way above me. It's similar to a local Boston guy we talked about
who played in the Masters in the US Open, Matt matt parziale these are the top amateurs in in the country they play in you know usga events
where you can win the tournament and go to the masters and now win the win the mid-am and go
you know go play in the u.s open as well so he's played in usams that's with college guys the the
mid-amateur game i think is for over 25 year. So it's for guys, you know, basically who are out of college.
I don't know all this shit, dude.
Because I'm a golf junkie, dude.
So, you know, he's been a big-time mid-amateur in the USGA events.
He's played in the Canadian Open.
And so he said he's tried to get in the US Open.
I don't know how many times, but he's gotten through the first sectional qualifying which is you go you play 18 holes
and you know say two or three guys at the site move on and then the next the next step is you
play 36 holes in one day and each site has a ton of pga tour members euro tour members because
you know a lot of guys aren't in the u.S. Open. You got to qualify. And he went out and he medalist the day of the 36-hole sectional qualifying.
He tied with another PGA pro at one under through 36 holes.
So he gets into the U.S. Open.
And it's just an insane story.
He played four rounds of golf this entire hockey season, he said.
When I don't play like every day, I stop.
Whoa, that's even more ridiculous.
I know.
I know.
So his goal is to make
the cut um but you know he has a good chance of making the cut i believe i mean if he he he talks
about him being a player who um it just he makes a ton of pars so if it's a you know if he was
playing a pga event where these guys go they shoot 20 under he's never gonna have a chance but if it's
a say the shinnecock's playing really hard and the cut ends up.
Yeah, the greens are rolling at what?
Like 16 really fast?
The greens are rolling.
That's like, that's too fast.
12 or 13 because these slopes on these greens,
you can't even go much faster or they wouldn't hold.
So he, I mean, if the, say the cut can be two or three over, you know,
he could have a chance.
So it's a pretty cool story to watch somebody that's associated with the NHL,
you know, barely play golf, you know, for six, seven months,
still be able to be this good of a player in his offseason,
which he spent playing.
He's pretty much got my dream life besides being a ref
and getting screamed at by everyone.
Honest question here.
If you didn't have to work, well, which you don't,
you took a year of your life
dedicated to golf got a golf coach could you somehow uh make it to the pga or is that just
you have to be born with it similar to hockey no i i would never even have remotely uh the close i
would i would i'm not even touching the same stratosphere. Neither is this guy. That's the scary thing.
Oh, okay.
To make it on the PGA Tour,
people think, oh, a guy's a
plus one handicap. He could be on the PGA Tour.
No, dude. Those guys are plus
five, plus six, plus seven handicaps.
If you think you have a chance at
making it on tour, you have to at least
regularly shoot five or six under
at your home course. So you're saying a portnoy can't well if you get unleavened in mulligans you never know so
people don't so you're a golfer and and there's no way you could ever do that
no no dude i would i mean i i pretty much did do what or do what you say and i always practice and
play a shitload of golf and i'm like
a two or three handicap i couldn't i would love to play in like one of these mid-amateur usj events
like someday if i miraculously got in that would be well if we keep doing this podcast to the level
we have maybe you'll get that big of a name one day and you will play in a pro-am oh i can get
in a pro-am dude i've played in a fucking pro-am any scrub playing a pro-am. Oh, I can get in a pro-am, dude. I've played in a fucking pro-am. Any scrub can play in a pro-am
because it just doesn't matter.
These are tournaments you have to qualify to get into.
Win a 130 at Whisper Rock,
qualify me for a pro-am?
No, but chirping Mickelson about his tits,
which is so funny.
That might actually get me in the fucking PGA
because don't a lot of guys hate that guy?
Who?
Mickelson.
I think people love him, actually.
I really do.
Don't they call him Fig Jam?
Fuck, I'm good, just ask me.
Yeah, but I think it's in, like, a funny way.
Like, he is good enough where he can say that stuff.
Oh, okay.
Because I've heard mixed things.
I heard he's, like, the guy who's, like, not a guy's guy.
But then I've heard other, like, obviously the fans love him.
But a lot of fans like bubble watson don't they yeah
i mean no people hate bubble watson i think he's a scumbag isn't he's a fucking joke dude i went to
watch my buddy james driscoll playing a tour event in charlotte and um first thing i do is show up
bubble watson's in the bunker in the fairway and he hits one like over the green he just starts
screaming at his cat he's like
what are you telling me that's a 7-iron
I hit that 7-iron he's just abusing
this guy and we started chirping him we're like holy
fuck was it the Indian or the Arrow
shut your mouth Bubba you peasant
speaking of
all this golf now that
the season is over the Capitals can start
golfing once they're done
drinking so should we bring willie on it or what boys well guys i was fortunate enough to get tom
wilson to come on and he's heading to dinner with a bunch of uh a bunch of the boys whoever's not
dead is going to this dinner it's kind of like uh at this point and uh there's there's a few left
so it's good to see and and we're going to welcome on Tom right now.
Welcome to the show.
Fresh Stanley Cup champion.
Probably the biggest man rocket in the NHL.
What are you laughing at, Tom?
That was a serious comment, my friend.
Welcome to the show.
Hey, guys.
Thanks for having me.
It's an absolute pleasure. We've been trying to get get you on but you guys have been too busy winning games
so uh i guess let's start about the uh talking about the celebration man like what
you guys have taken over twitter and instagram yeah i think we're uh i mean obviously we're
led by one of the best when it comes to you know. So he's having a blast with it, and we're following right behind him.
Well, you guys better slow down because Damien Cox went on Twitter today,
and he's really not happy about the partying.
What did he say?
He just said it's ridiculous that you guys are doing breaststrokes
in six-foot-inch or six-inches-deep fountains
and just making a muck of the city.
Yeah, you know what?
I think my only answer to that is we,
everyone, I mean, that's played the game
knows how hard to win it,
and, you know, we're having fun with it.
I mean, guys are blocking shots at their head,
and if a hole wants to go for a dip in the fountain,
then I think you can do whatever you want.
Well, I guess my biggest question was what's it like having the key to the city where you could do anything you want you could probably take a dump on a cop's chest and and he'd laugh it off
yeah it's uh it's pretty cool I think O I mean if you ask O he's always had the key to the city
you know he's the king around here um but now I mean even more so he can't, oh, he's always had the key to the city. You know, he's the king around here. But now, I mean, even more so.
He can't, you know, he's just walking down the street with the cop.
And, you know, it's pretty cool to see because he's an animated guy
and he wants to share it with the city.
It's been a long time.
He's put a lot of time in and obviously the team has.
So it's fun to do it in the public and, you know, let everyone be a part of time in and obviously the team has. So it's, it's fun to do it in the public and,
you know,
let everyone be a part of it.
Tom,
I know your team owner,
Ted Leonsis,
he took the cup for,
I think,
like,
I can't keep track of Daisy,
the Sunday or Monday.
And then it went to New York to be on the Jimmy Fallon show.
Did the party still keep going,
even though the cup wasn't there or did things kind of quiet down just a
little bit because the cup is just such a presence when it's out in public
like that,
people go nuts.
Yeah, there's, I mean, there's really nothing like it when i mean it's not a you can't just put it in your back pocket i mean when i was walking down the street with the thing
and you know we're trying to fit it into a taxi there's guys like face down at the bottom of the
taxi just getting trampled by the cup and it's uh it's pretty fun when you have it but when they
when they have to take it from us it's uh you know like you said the party goes on and you know the
city's so excited right now even without the cup you know people are pumped up to see you uh out
having a good time you guys getting in one right now uh you know what i'm actually we'll see uh
i've taken a little time off here uh to get uh you
know i had to get to some stuff on my phone and uh you know life still goes on so we take a little
bit of a breather and um you know just go on dinner we'll see if uh some red wine comes out
but we got a big parade tomorrow so willie um yeah you'll be you'll be uh crippled again tonight
but good try there um my my question is do you know how, like, hot we think you are?
Do you know about the Man Rocket shit?
Yeah, it's, hey, you know what?
You know what I love about you guys?
I love about Biz is, you know, ever since I met Biz,
he's been pumping my tires.
And just to, you know, it's actually a funny story,
my first memory from Biz, but I'll tell that a little later.
But I thank the boys for pumping my tires.
You guys are the best.
Well, Tommy, one thing, too, not to make it too serious of a pod here,
but you're a free agent, man.
You've probably been getting a few bites from other teams.
Have you been in any talks with Washington already?
No. Got gotta be sober for
that so well I guess I don't know if you know I work for the Arizona Coyotes this might be tampering
yeah yeah I don't know it's uh you know that's not what I'm worried about right now so we're
gonna just keep having fun until it's time to talk business, I guess.
So, you know, this year, you know, you double your career, your highest goal total in a season, 7-14, 187 pims.
That's your style.
We've talked about it.
Everyone knows how you play.
Then the playoffs come.
You know, you play with Ovi and Kuznetsov, 15 points in 21 games, a physical impact.
who's nets off 15 points in 21 games, a physical impact.
You know, obviously you were the talk of the playoffs with some of these hits, but some big goals, big assists.
Was that the best hockey you ever played?
What kind of switch this year for you and kind of clicked to get you to be,
you know, a dominant player at times, being able to play with those top line guys?
Yeah, I don't know.
It's, I mean, when you get, when the coaches kind of give you that responsibility,
give you that time with some of the best players in the world,
I mean, you just try and do whatever you can
to stay on those lines every game.
And, you know, it's one thing to go up for a game here or there,
but it's another thing for them to kind of trust you
and give you a good, you know, stint
and be able to be a part of the line.
And I think that's what was important.
I mean, I got Kuzi and Ovi talking Russian to each other
and I'm waiting for the translation.
Nasty language too.
Yeah, like no chance I even know.
I think I know a couple swear words, but that's about it.
But it's, you know, it's fun to be a part of playing with guys like that.
And I just tried to do whatever I could to help them out and, you know, just get them to puck because it's obviously a good hand.
Well, when you go that deep in a playoffs, it feels like forever ago that the suspension happened.
And I know you're a guy who plays on the edge in today's standards.
I mean, I played the same role.
And considering how much the games changed and i
guess you're kind of labeled as a scumbag how do you i mean how do you feel about that like
i hey buddy hey i'm the one sticking up for you on twitter getting fucking roasted
but do you wear that as kind of a badge of honor where you're like you play that that borderline uh savagery
yeah it's it's tough and um i mean you know how it is you don't want the other team fans to like
you because then you're a pussy right like you want to be playing hard you want it that's that's
what game of hockey is all about you know there's passionate fans and and that's the game i mean you
go back to old time hockey there's fights going on in the stands,
and there's, you know, it's chaos.
Now those are the ones insulting you on NBC.
Yeah, so no comment on that one.
But you know what?
It's fun.
It's fun to, you know, it's one thing if there's other players around
the league and my teammates and the guys are going like hockey guys are going this guy's a scumbag
um because they're not you know obviously that has a lot more weight to it um but i think guys
that i play against know that i'm just gonna go out there and play as hard as i can try and play
honest and uh you know it's hockey that's what that's what that goes on out there and play as hard as I can try and play honest and uh you know it's hockey that's what
that's what that goes on out there and it's uh the game's changed a lot but I try and just
keep playing you know the way I thought the game was meant to be played
Tom something we talked about during the playoffs was um we felt well at least I felt Pittsburgh
lost a lot of their physicality when they traded Ryan Reeves do you think if they didn't get rid
of him and kept him that would have changed the complexion of that series at all?
Or you have done what you did anyways, regardless of him on the ice?
Just has him as a deterrent.
Yeah.
You know what?
I think I've done a good job not addressing Reeves,
because he's obviously a heavyweight in the last series.
Yeah, that too.
You know, he's been calling my
name for a while i i think i actually jumped him a couple times my rookie year he probably hasn't
forgotten that and uh it was um you know it was for it was for nicky for nicky backstrom so
obviously i love that guy a lot oh i thought he chirped uh mia khalif on. That's why you went out. Don't even bring that name up.
But, yeah, you know what?
He's great for the game.
He can play.
He can move around the ice.
He hits hard.
He's, I mean, obviously, the super heavyweight, as Biz called him,
whatever, the other day.
But, you know, that being said, it was, for me,
it was pretty easy to focus on just playing hockey
and trying to play
hard but play hockey because that's uh you know it's the playoffs and you don't want uh you don't
want any distraction that's what that's what he's looking for what's what's the craziest thing that
you've seen uh in your time partying in the last five days that that you can say on here
ron has been in one
from uh yeah i was gonna say from a teammate or from a fan because I don't know who would take
the cake honestly because there's been uh you know V is um you know for anyone that doesn't
know V he's an unbelievable kid to have around the room every day he's uh he's a handsome fellow
yeah that that tattoo and you know the way he plays that's just I, that's just who he is.
I'm sure you can imagine what it's like going to the rink every day with him.
That's part of being a championship team.
You've got all different kinds of pieces.
One thing I definitely need to ask you about is it's not typical for teams
to stay in the city that they just won in.
Usually they party in the locker room with the family and stuff, and then they get on the charter pretty late and then they go home you guys end up going
to fucking hawkison and partying with tiesto what like what who called that audible oh you know what
it's the superstitious uh guys around the league wouldn't want to um you know wouldn't want to
hear me talk about it but there was obviously a couple in-case scenarios going on um that's unbelievable what a better place you
know no one it's pretty cool to say you won a cup in fucking vegas you know oh my god it's a complete
dream scenario what time was the bus the next morning? Or was it just like whenever anyone gets down there, then people come home at 9.30 p.m.?
Yeah, you know, so there was a bus time.
I think our team guy kind of said 8.15-ish.
And, you know, there was some rallying of the troops.
There's some funny stories that I'll have to tell you guys off the record
over a couple of years this summer.
The fans don't deserve those ones.
We'll have a little one tonight.
That's absolutely awesome.
When the Bruins won here a few years ago,
a couple of the younger guys on the team, Sagan and Mashon,
they were running a muck all over the city for about a month.
Finally, they got a phone call from an older guy on the team and said,
hey, lights out, the party's over, screw.
Who's the veteran on the Capitals that makes that call if it becomes necessary?
Oh, I think we're still kind of in the days where it's acceptable here,
so I haven't heard that one yet.
I did have to tell Verona to shut his Instagram live story down
because he was cross-eyed, and I was like, come on, buddy.
Just keep it to yourself here for the late hours of the night.
But you know for the late hours of the night but um you know what i think that's part of our team style is is that you know we want to share with
the city we want to share with the fans and it's such a hard trophy to win and they've been waiting
a long time they've never had it so uh we're not trying to we weren't trying to hide here we wanted
to celebrate with our city and you know there's a guy probably the best pro and best one of the
best teammates ever played with uh, Brooks Orpik.
So when he says wave the white flag, I think that's going to probably be when I shut it down.
So I went to high school with Orp, Willie.
I mean, can you just  that guy's just the ultimate pro, huh?
He has, like, salad and water.
Like, he'll probably not even have any dessert still after the cup win.
Oh, man.
You know what?
Talk about a man rocket. Like, when that guy walks down the street people are like probably like where the hell is this guy
from like he's like a linebacker god he's jacked he's huge like he's articulate yeah and you know
he's he's a great hockey guy anyone that's probably played with him or gone to high school with him
or whatever knows that um but he was huge
for our team um you know what he's he's a lot of fun to have around i'm as close with him as i am
with with some of the guys that are my age or 20 on the team and that just you know that says a lot
he's uh he's a good pro but you know he knows how to have fun for sure well i get one more flight so
i'm uh barry trotz he's a guy who you know had trouble
getting over the hump like some of the guys in the team did it together this year how the players
feel about Trotz I know some teams this you know they can't stand their coach but he seems like a
guy who the players genuinely love and when he came in did that little dance with everybody
so you know how the players feel where the players was happy for him as they were for each other I
knew you guys had a pretty trying year at times. Yeah, you know what?
There's obviously, when Trotsky came in,
he really changed the team, you know, mentality, identity.
He's a family guy.
That's kind of what he preached to us.
And that went a long way for our team.
And, you know, there's obviously kind of ups and downs
when you're expected the last couple of years to do it.
But, you know, this year, Shirazi, you know,
first and foremost,
he's just a great guy.
He's a great person.
And so that earned the guys
trust right from day one.
And then, you know,
obviously the coaches
have ups and downs
with their team,
especially at the NHL level.
And you guys know about that.
But the way this year went down,
it was just so much fun.
He was right there
having fun with us.
He was taking it light.
And you know what?
It was a fun group, and he's head coach.
So he knew exactly what time it was for business
and what time to kind of let the guys have some fun and be a team.
Was that Ovi's first keg stand?
You know what?
It was  I mean, I want to bring up osh because that guy's uh that guy's a
beauty but osh said you know what i don't know if it's been done before but we gotta try and do a
keg stand or a cup stand or whatever so uh sure enough o was the first guy and we flipped him
upside down and you know he's not you know he's not light it took three or four guys and
oh he came out of that thing i. He took a good suck down there.
Oh, man.
We want to thank you for your time.
Last thing we want to know is I wanted to revisit that story that you said the first time we met.
Now, I was trying to think all podcast of what it was, and I kind of have an idea.
I don't know if you remember it.
I don't even know where you came from, to be honest.
It was in Toronto.
The trash.
And I was walking with a couple of my best buddies.
I think it was right after the season.
And I hear like, hey, Willie, Willie.
I'm like, what the hell?
I turn around and Biz, obviously I do a business, is coming flying across, I don't know, King Street or something.
And he's like, hey, what's going on today?
And I'm like, we're just going to the porch.
And this was before the porch was really anything.
It was just starting up.
This was probably, I don't know, four years ago, Biz?
Good bar, really good bar.
A nice rooftop in Toronto that was just in need of some christening.
So we went there and had a great day.
And, you know, Biz and I were side by side the whole day, the whole night. And, you know i i don't even know if we'd met before that
but you know i knew who you were and you called me out and you know it was it was a great time
i want to say that night ended at a nightclub and i i wasn't there very long i believe i bought a
bottle and i was gone before it got to the table because uh i was wheeling and dealing and then he
sent venmo requests to everyone yeah he left me with 20 of his buddies.
He said, you got this?
And then he went home with a girl.
I'm like, yeah, yeah, I think I got this.
That is not true because it was one of Carboni's joints.
I bought the bottle, and literally as it got to the table,
I left with a girl.
And safe to say I needed a Z-Pack after that one.
I think I got the super clap.
True story. I don't know about the second part but true story about the the bottle and and the good time uh the day leading
up to that what i'm not gonna touch the second part of the story but the the porch and the night
club and all that great time all right love it i'm glad i i put the cherry on top at the end of
that one oh and uh you're going so you're at dinner right now with a bunch of the boys.
Which guys are there?
Yeah.
Osh, Connell, Connelly.
Oh, yeah.
He's a great dude, too.
John Carlson, my roommate Chandler Stevenson, and yeah, a couple more.
I'm not sure.
It's been a pretty crazy day.
So whoever wanted dinner was in,
but I think there's some family time going on right now for some of the guys.
Oh, yeah, they probably need it.
They probably racked up five days all by themselves,
so now they have to put in that work.
But, hey, buddy, thank you for coming on the pod.
People are going to love this.
Well, some people are going to hate it too
because we visited the fact that you are a scumbag.
But nonetheless, thank you so much for coming on and congratulations, man.
Yeah, thanks for having me.
It was a pleasure.
You guys are the best.
I love listening to it.
It keeps the game great and I love listening to it.
So thanks for having me.
Anytime, buddy.
Thank you very much.
Let everyone know.
Let everyone know inside.
They can come on this summer.
We'll be calling them.
Perfect.
All right.
Congrats, buddy.
See you later.
Love it.
Thanks, guys.
See ya.
Well, special thanks to Tom Wilson for coming on,
especially with his busy schedule right now.
We wish him the best of luck in free agency and signing with the Arizona
Coyotes. Uh-oh, cat's out of the bag.
Get it done!
Now we're going to welcome another
big piece of the
winning championship team,
PFT Commenter. This next interview
is brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there's a simpler way to buy
with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event,
whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite professional sports team.
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices.
Fully guaranteed.
That is right.
Fully guaranteed.
Fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
I actually have the SeatGeek app on my phone and it is by far the easiest way I've found to shop for tickets when I'm not being handed them by other people
because I'm a big deal, not a big deal.
I can be anywhere, and just with a few taps on my phone,
I can instantly find seats.
I actually just used SeatGeek, no joke, to buy tickets for Zach Brown Band
this upcoming weekend in Boston.
That'll be a time and a half.
SeatGeek is designed to make your ticket buying experience an easier than ever.
So best of all, my listeners and our listeners get 10 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey, H-O-C-K-E-Y, for 10 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
What up, buddy?
Congrats.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I feel like I did.
I accomplished this.
I know you guys were just talking to Tommy Wilson, but I think that I probably had more to do with than he did just through my own
willpower and all that I've been drinking and all the t-shirts that I've been
selling. So credit to me.
Shout out PFT. You got to tell us now you drank out of the cup shortly after
they won it. How did that all come together? How did that transpire?
I mean, it's, there's so many ways you got to get in a barge.
You got to get up to the cup.
Then you got to get to have someone let you drink out of it tell us that story right so I had a
little bit of a uh a dress code issue when I was getting into the no yeah because as you know I
I elect to not wear shorts between the months of March and pretty much November um I got good legs
so you know skies out thighs out I like to show off the quads a little bit.
And I was not allowed into the club.
I've actually not been allowed into probably the majority of clubs that I've tried to get into in my life.
But I really wanted to get into this one.
So I had to run through the MGM Hotel to the lobby gift shop, buy the last pair of pants that they were selling,
which were about two times too big for me,
as I should have been wearing. And I had to put these big, they were like JNCOs of khakis. I had
to hold them up by my belt loop, sneak in kind of through the front entrance, back into the club,
find the group, got back there. And then a security guard came over to me and shined a
flashlight in my face. It was like, son, come with me. I was like, was like okay here it is i'm getting kicked out because i mean that's obviously what i think
because i'm dressed like a lunatic um and they uh the security guard directs me to another security
guard who walks me across the stage takes me back directly next to the cup where uh or love and dsp
and a couple of the other guys are hanging out and somebody called for me to come over there and uh
and drink out of the cup i don't know who it was that some of the other guys are hanging out. And somebody called for me to come over there and drink out of the cup.
I don't know who it was that summoned the security guards,
but somebody that was with the cup put in a good request for me.
So I went over there, and I drank out of that motherfucker, man.
And it was top three moment in my life.
It was amazing.
How much do you think not getting into clubs with shorts on
has to do with the bouncers maybe being intimidated
by the size of your quads and calves and,
and how nice they are in general?
I think a lot of it probably has to do,
because a lot of these bouncers,
they work on their popcorn muscles.
Like you do business.
Like,
you know,
you only do the bicep curls and,
and you know,
the bench press,
but I'm talking like,
you know,
decline press on the bench.
So the bottom of the tits are really popping for a guy like you,
me, I live in the squat rack. I go into the gym. I spent, you know, decline press on the bench. So the bottom of the tits are really popping for a guy like you. Me, I live in the squat rack.
I go into the gym.
I spent, you know, first one in the squat rack, last one out.
I go ass to grass with that motherfucker.
So I think a lot of times the bouncer sees me and he's like, this guy, you know, he could
get low on me.
And if we get into a calf raise competition, he could probably lift more with his calves
than I could.
So they get intimidated.
Fair enough.
So, hey, so right after the game, you shot back and recorded part of my take, right?
Yeah.
I went right after the game was over.
Well, I don't want to say right after the game because I saw a little bit of the postgame
celebration.
I had to stick around for a little bit of that.
And then I went right back to the hotel and we recorded part of my take.
Were you drunk? And then after that, I wasn't drunk. No, I definitely had a beer pregame and I had
a beer in the first period, but I've been put on a pitch count by big cat where I'm not allowed to
be drunk for part of my take anymore. So this was after a couple of poor showings on my part. So
it's totally reasonable that he put that on me um but i uh i was sober for part
of my take and then i got drunker than i've ever been in my life right afterwards guys i don't
want you getting any ideas about sobriety doing these podcasts after we put big cat poison disease
with that yeah that's fine and listen it's a lot more fun when you are drinking while you do it but
uh but we all make sacrifice i don't want to use the word hero, but, you know,
many people are saying that I'm a hero for not being drunk for the podcast.
So who am I to correct them?
Have you gotten fitted for your ring yet?
No, I'm not going to wear a ring.
I don't wear jewelry.
I'm not some Texas AM Aggie guy.
The only ring that I wear just increases blood flow to certain parts of my body.
I'll put it that way.
Hey, now, are you going to the parade?
It's tomorrow, right?
Are you going down with Nate?
I'm not.
So Nate is going to be down there representing.
I would like to very much go down.
But, again, I got another episode of PMT I have to record tomorrow.
And I feel like if I went down there, I would just be chasing what I had on Thursday night
and trying to recreate that.
I don't think it's going to get any better than what it was on Thursday. So I'm going to let that
memory be the only memory I have of hanging out with my good friend, Mr. Stanley Cup.
And I just want to point out, like a lot of people are saying that this puts Ovechkin
firmly on the pedestal and the pantheon of the greatest player of his generation. I think
just if we're talking goats here in hockey,
I think we're talking Wayne Gretzky and we're talking Ovechkin.
That Sid guy is a distant third, your former teammate, Ryan.
I actually play on his line.
Okay, you play on his line.
Maybe you should do your homework before you come on the show.
Maybe you know better than I do, Ryan, but did he ever beat the Golden Knights?
He actually didn't.
Yeah, I didn't think so.
So Ovechkin, I think you've got to say, is the greatest of his generation.
One thing that the Golden Knights do that is better than what the Capitals do
is pregame ceremonies.
Yeah, I mean, agreed.
The atmosphere was pretty fucking cool in that barn and outside with like all the bands and stuff playing.
Unfortunately, I did not get to see Imagine Dragons play, but I did watch that like Cirque du Soleil LSD festival that they do out on the ice.
And that was a lot of fun. I'm telling you, like it was, it was pretty cool to watch.
It's like being at Medieval Times.'s like dinner yeah dinner yeah exactly it was great
uh you know some of the hockey purists probably like yourself say that it's bad for the game that
it's like a rinky-dink show uh and it's a spectacle but guess what i liked it i thought it was great
um and i guess i'm just more new school and progressive than you guys are well actually we
on the show like we love it actually talk about If you ever chimed in and listen, do you think you think that that was a tactic by Washington thinking that Vegas was probably thinking, OK, these guys are going to try to one up us and we're going to completely fuck with them and bring out Pat Sajak?
Wait, wait, wait, wait. Are you saying that Pat Sajak isn't as cool as Lil Jon?
Are you saying that Fall Out Boy and Sting and Shaggy
aren't as cool as Imagine Dragons?
Because what Washington did was they flashed back all the way to like 1997
or 1996 with a pregame ceremony before that team had ever been cursed
in the playoffs, before they'd ever lost the Stanley Cup final
and gotten swept uh under
the wings of only the goalies so what they did was they erased the past before game three even
started so the guys felt like they were back in 1996 there was no curse no pressure they brought
in a human time machine yeah vetsky was still like a 10 year old kid in russia probably having
more sex then than i've ever had in my life still. But still, what I'm saying is they got rid of that whole pressure thing.
Did you end up at after party with the players?
When did you guys leave the club?
Yeah, so when I was with the Cup, that was the official team after party,
so there were a bunch of players out there.
I think Tommy was there.
Dimitri was there.
DSP was there.
Backstrom was there. Ovechkin was was there. Dimitri was there. DSP was there. Backstrom was there.
Ovechkin was definitely there.
He made his presence very, very well known.
He actually took the mic away from the DJ, Chesto, who's like a big deal.
I'm not a big club guy, but Chesto, I'm told, is like a top three DJ in the world.
And he just took the mic away from Chesto and basically said, hey, play, I don't want to lose your love tonight so I can sing along with it, just the beginning
of it. And so he made Chesto change
up his whole set list. That was pretty cool.
How handsome was
Tom Wilson in the nightclub
lights? He's very, very
handsome, especially compared to a schmuck like me
with my greasy ass hair and
my giant khakis that looked like they
were filled with diapers. So
I stayed as far away from Tom Wilson as I possibly could
because I can't compete with a man rocket like that.
I think that was a mistake because I actually used to do the opposite
and hang out closer to them because there was always a friend.
Girls don't go to the club by themselves.
That's true.
They bring girls uglier than them so they look hotter,
and then you would grab them.
I could have been Tom Wilson's very true. Oh, they bring girls uglier than them so they look hotter. And then you would grab them. That's right.
I could have been Tom Wilson's ugly friend.
You were.
I feel like that's my calling in life, yeah.
As a fan of Washington, would you rather have them, if you could choose,
you love them both, keep Wilson or John Carlson this summer?
What if you had to lose one?
I mean, this is like Sophie's Choice.
I think the bottom line is they're not going to win anything next year
because this team is just going to party too much in the offseason.
And I'm totally fine with that.
You understand that, yeah.
Yeah, I don't think that they have a chance in hell
of winning anything next year, but that's cool.
I would probably  I would keep Carlson just because that guy is
it's rare to find a defensive goal scorer that's that good on the
you know, actually playing defense as well as scoring.
I mean, you could get Mike Green all you want back there,
and the guy's a great  he's a great scorer,
but he's also a little bit of a liability sometimes.
That's actually a good choice.
A guy like Carlson I would have to keep around.
That's actually a good choice because I've actually talked him into coming
to Arizona, and I will be getting so many residual kills next season.
And things are going to work out perfectly for us.
And I'm going to tell them you said that.
By the way, chicks out solo in Vegas, caution to them.
Usually H-U-S-T-L-E-R hustlers.
Thanks.
I've actually met some really nice girls out there.
Biz, are you like, by saying that you're, you know,
trying to convince them to come out to Arizona,
is that tampering?
Is there tampering in hockey?
Well, I am a fan of the NHL team.
I'm pretty sure that is breaking the rules. But the fact that everyone's going to know that I was working for an NHL team
is more important to me than actually tampering.
All right.
Well, I might send this to that little hobbit Gary Bettmanman's office, if he does end up signing with you guys.
So just be careful what you say.
Were you booing him?
Were you booing him when he brought out Lord Stanley?
You probably were.
I wasn't booing him because I didn't give a shit.
I mean, that's, you know, I was on cloud nine.
I was too busy getting my picture taken with Mark Davis.
So I didn't want to be rude in front of Mark.
What was he like in person he smelled great yeah the haircut is more electric in person than it is on it's not like pf it doesn't yeah he smelled like some crispy beef so he smelled like some
spring rolls his hair is just it is immaculate it's like looking at the picture of jesus that
got retouched up by that lady that didn't know what she was doing. It was, it was so great.
Yeah. Yeah. I think that's the same one that did the, that turned Jesus into,
it looked like a Muppet baby.
PFT any, I mean, I know the potty still going on for a while,
but any thoughts of a repeat or you even at that stage that you just still on
the high from the win?
No, listen,
I am resigned to the fact that the Caps
are probably going to win 20 games next year.
Ovechkin's going to be
out doing God knows what
with Putin for the entire
offseason. My theory
is that he's just going to live on a yacht in the
middle of the Caspian Sea for the next four
months, and if he survives,
that's a minor miracle in itself.
As long as he makes it to opening day still alive,
I'll be totally happy.
Nice song.
Well, thank you for coming on, buddy.
Once again, thank you to the khaki master, PFD commenter.
We hope he sends those khakis to the Hall of Fame.
And next, or hopefully he can take some of the material that was left over
and make some type of bubble wrap for our next guest.
And Barstool Nate's coming on.
He's been battling a ton of injuries.
This guy, somebody sent him a Z-Pack because I have none left.
Had a rough weekend in van.
Welcome to the show, Barstool Nate.
This interview is brought to you by Omaha Steaks.
Oh, my God.
This is a personal endorsement ad because I am an Omaha Steak guy. I actually like 10 years ago to thank a guy sent
him Omaha Steaks. I was ahead of the game or whenever it might've been eight years ago.
Either way, they're the best. And Father's Day is coming around the corner. So listen,
are you trying to find the perfect gift for your Father's Day? Because this is it. Who doesn't love a bunch of meat? The chance of getting this deal and the
money that they're going to save you for some great food is ridiculous. Omaha Steaks is giving
a limited time offer to the listeners of Spittin' Chicklets for Father's Day at 78 off. Dude,
78. That's not a misspeak, misspoke by me. Either way, it's true.
It's an amazing deal.
Go to omahasteaks.com and type
in chiclets in the search bar, and you can get
this Omaha Steaks Father's Day package,
which includes, dude, don't
hold your breath. This is long.
Two tender filet mignons,
two beefy top sirloins, four chicken
fried steaks, two boneless pork
chops, four all-beef Omaha steak burgers.
You can dummy those with cheese or without.
It doesn't matter, whatever you fancy.
Four gourmet jumbo franks, 12 ounces of all-beef meatballs.
You can crush those things, marinara, sauce, cheese, whatever you want.
One pound, pound, I said, of steakhouse fries, four caramel apple tartlets.
Who doesn't love dessert?
You can tell by my love handles.
I do one Omaha steak seasoning packet.
Plus get four more grill ready Omaha steak burgers free with purchase.
That's I mean that amount of food.
Oh, that's it for that percentage off.
Are you are you kidding me?
Biz again, get this limited time package.
How do they make money for For 49.99.
What?
When you go to omahasteaks.com.
Yes, all of that was for 50 or one cent less.
Type in chiclets in the search bar and add Father's Day package to your cart at omahasteaks.com.
Don't wait.
This offer ends soon.
Go to omahasteaks.com, chiclets in the search bar, and grab your dad and fire up the grill.
Holy fuck.
That's a Father's Day present in a half.
What's up, Eric?
How we doing, pal?
I'm doing well.
I'm coming to you live from beautiful Arlington, Virginia, right across the river from beautiful Washington, D.C.
What's your game plan for following this cup and being at the parade tomorrow?
I don't know.
I've never done a parade before, so I don't really know what my game plan is.
Yeah, I don't really know what the game plan is for a parade.
I've been talking to a couple of buddies about it.
What do you do?
Do you just kind of stand there and cheer?
I guess we just are going to bring a bunch of beers to toss to the floats.
I don't know.
Do you have any connects on the team?
Do you know any of the players at all?
A little bit.
DM here and there, but I don't know if I know them enough to get up onto a float,
which is my ultimate goal.
Yeah, because they have a media float.
I don't know if you have any relationship with the media for beer relations but that's where you know shoot
is shoot take a shot you never know i mean the worst i'll say is no i i've shot a lot of shots
over the last three days trying to trying to weasel my way into this like it i'd say like
it's looking like 20 that i i'm gonna be in the parade in some way, 80 just like shut up blogger,
like just drink your beer.
You could be like in the movie,
the town where you put like the cop outfit on and act like a cop and maybe
like get close to one of the bosses.
And then people,
people often say I look intimidating and like a cop.
So yeah,
you'd be a,
you'd be a really scary cop.
I will give you that one.
We just talked to your, we just talked to your man, a PFT, the other caps fan. Yeah, you'd be a really scary cop. I will give you that one.
We just talked to your man, PFT, the other Caps fan.
How much did it hurt your soul to see him drinking out of the cup?
Did he say anything about that?
He didn't.
Oh, he talked about an experience for him.
He said it was top three of his life.
So I imagine for you it must have been hard.
I mean, yeah, it was my connect that got him to drink out of the cup and you know all i wanted my entire life
was the party with the cup touch the cup lift the cup drink out of the cup and so i stayed home and
i you know i blogged the you know the the win which is my job obviously so i'm not bitter about
that and then i've been fighting like a fucking double ear infection because apparently i'm a toddler so i've been fighting that for the last
five days and so instead of going down to dc to like party with the cup which i would have been
able to do like i'm friends with the bar owner who like had the party there on friday and then
i wouldn't have been able to go out with them on Saturday instead I sat and blogged it which was fantastic like being able to follow Ovi and his like debauchery and
just like all that and blogging it was awesome but there's that yeah a big piece of me I don't
even want to say a little piece a big piece of me was depressed sad and died inside when I saw like
PFT partying with the cop and all the guys, you know, playing in the fountains in Georgetown.
And I was just sitting on my floor in my New York city apartment, just like,
man, this was my chance. And, uh, I'm not there.
You'll you'll up a body or injury up a body.
I was going to say, you're kind of like a hockey player. All right. Hey, he's playing through injury.
Yeah. Well, you know, I, I, I blogged through it. That's the thing.
Like my, my number one job is to blog, so I blogged through it.
No pat on my back.
You know, I didn't take a day off the blog.
So shout out to me for fighting through the double ear infection to do, like, the best job on the Internet of the weekend.
But, you know, I did want to be there, but it's okay that I wasn't because, you know, it's almost bonus season.
Yeah, you definitely did crush
it all weekend Nate I mean it's you know if people think it's easy just to sit there and you know
the stop was coming all day you on top of it you did murder it and but I can relate to you if you
can't fly with a double air infection it does suck to watch your body but I'm telling you man
that thing is going to be all over the place like you you know enough people that you'll
you'll be slurping out of that thing before Labor day i promise you bell oh man it's all i want like today i did take a picture with the cup at like the season ticket
holder party but it just wasn't the same you know like they just have it set up on a table they kind
of shuffle you through it's not it wasn't as it was a cool it was cool but it wasn't as cool as i
wanted it to be it wasn't like natural it wasn natural. It wasn't like, here's my, like, you know, my moment with the cup,
which sounds stupid as, like, a fan.
But, like, you know, when you've been following a team for 30 years
and, like, you finally win it, you kind of
you want at least, like, a second, like, to take it in,
and they kind of just, like, shuffled us right through.
Yeah, it's kind of like when you go see Santa at the mall
and you get to tell him what you want.
He's not really interested as opposed to maybe seeing him
in your living room bending over your mom
with the Oreo cookies and milk
in front of her.
I have never been that lucky.
I hope tomorrow at the parade
maybe something cool happens.
I'm not trying to
bitch about it because this is awesome.
You've been bitching quite a bit about not
drinking out of it.
No, just because I saw it. going back to the PFT thing,
it's just like you see PFT do it.
It's like, God damn it, that could have been me.
But I'm happy for him, obviously.
He cares about it about as much as I do too.
Kind of like when you see a girl at the bar and you're there with Taylor Pyatt
and you think you're going to wheel her and then she fucking face palms you
and then goes in for the makeout kill with him and you're like, fuck.
He's like the cable guy right now.
I was going to go to a bar with Taylor Pyatt.
That's on you at that point.
Yeah.
Or Tom Wilson.
Wingman.
Where did you watch Game 5, the clincher?
Like, what were you doing?
What was the story there?
I was sitting  so I sit on the floor of my apartment in New York
because I ordered a couch a month ago, and they sent me the wrong couch.
So I had to then send the couch back and
they i bought a new couch and my new couch doesn't get delivered until like this thursday so i've had
i've lived in this apartment for like a month and a half now without a couch so i just do everything
on the floor on on a blanket uh in the living i live in a one bedroom so i have like the main
room in a bedroom so i just sit in the main room on a blanket with my tv and that's all my furniture and so that's where i that was my big game five
greatest moment of my life moment was me and some frozen yogurt and two ear infections and a blanket
are you still in hoboken nate no i moved into the city i live in beautiful downtown manhattan
or not downtown i live in midtown manhattan now okay that's fucking much better commuting wise that's for sure oh yeah
it's it's a it's a game changer like my life is exponentially better now so we had you i believe
your favorite capital one earlier uh tommy wilson um he's unrestricted he was great by the way he's
also unrestricted um are you worried about losing him to somebody throwing some major cash at him or what?
I mean, I think we're going to lose Carlson, and I think we use that money and we just re-up Willie for life.
It's like, put a number on this check, you're a capital for life.
I don't think he wants to leave.
I don't think there's a place he'd rather be.
And I know that's almost like a cliche to say about guys,
but he is this team.
He's the heartbeat.
Him and Osh, who's signed for long-term.
And obviously, you guys, Koozie and Ovi and stuff,
but Osh and Willie have taken DC as their own.
I just can't imagine if it's a million-dollar difference
or something like that will
he go in anywhere anytime soon any i mean he's he got drafted at 18 he never played
ahl he came straight to the team he's been groomed i mean he's the first liner now top
penalty killer still only 24 years old you know backbone of the team fan favorite man missile
all the above like i i we i I wonder if you can bring man missile
to arbitration.
You have to, right?
You make the team look so much better
in the calendars and the PR
and all that stuff.
You're like, look at this face.
You can't let this go.
Yeah, that's true.
He's a perfect example of why
the NHL should market their guys
a little bit better,
even though they wear helmets
because he's fucking handsome. There's no two no two ways about it sex sells baby so what what
else you get you tie one on tonight you're saving it for tomorrow what's uh what's the game plan
tonight not much no i just had a nice little uh salmon with a side salad and you know some uh
summer squash for dinner and uh you're gonna gonna go to bed early and be up early for the parade tomorrow
again i don't really know what i'm just gonna buy beer i guess a bunch of beer in the morning
load up a backpack and go down to washington dc and see what happens from there i don't know what
to expect i expect you know just it to be i mean cats fans are just like a lot of fun like you know
after the wins you know everybody was partying.
You know, don't tell Mike Grinnell.
Tell him to put, hey, Grinnell earmuffs.
So, like, Caps fans were having a lot of fun and, like, partying in the streets.
And just everybody was just having a blast.
And it's just nobody's been arrested.
You know, nobody's lit anything on fire.
Nobody's flipping cars.
It's just like a good time.
It's just like it's been a week-long party. And tomorrow, you know, it's just going to be the cherry on top with everybody just like a good time it's just like it's been a week-long party and
tomorrow you know it's just gonna be the cherry on top but everybody's just having a great time
the weather's gonna be perfect always gonna be given sorry i don't know what's happening there
always gonna be giving drunk speeches you know you're a bubble boy so it's probably some other
type of infection or something i mean yeah i hopefully the alcohol tomorrow will kill all
of this like that's maybe that's just what i've needed this whole time. I don't know.
But I expect tomorrow to be fantastic and just a ton of red out in D.C., yeah.
Hopefully you get to drink out of the cup because it'll be basically like an anti-venom
to get rid of all your diseases.
You guys need to text Willie and be like,
you've got to get Nate to drink out of the cup if it's the last thing you do.
You have to just let him know that I need to drink out of that goddamn thing all right we'll have to tell
him tell him a pull pull him on pull him on the fucking dock board or whatever whatever they do
down there whatever they drive i don't know what they're doing i've heard they're doing like uh
almost like those tour buses those hop on hop off tour buses where like the top is like not covered
so i think that's what i've heard they're doing that. I don't know if that's true though.
I don't know.
DC,
DC never prepared for it.
It's been 20 years since a parade.
Nobody knows what they're doing.
Well,
that's,
that was a humble brag by the Boston guys.
Cause they have vehicles that are specially made for championships.
And they're the only city in the world that has that.
He can just reach over like Dustin Bufflin and just pick Nate up out of the
fucking crowd,
drop,
drop on the truck with him.
Yeah, so, I mean, Biz, this is on you at this point.
All right.
I'll see what I can do.
If I don't drink out of the cup tomorrow, it's your ass on the line.
I don't know what I can really do.
That's an empty threat.
He's going to breathe on you, Biz, as punishment.
Yeah.
He's going to rub my ear on you.
How's that?
Yeah.
But, buddy, thank you for coming on.
And I'll message willie i'll
try to see what i can do and best of luck have a great time tomorrow and uh and thank you for
all the blogs and updates throughout the process hey don't thank me for being fucking great at my
job and being the hardest worker of all time that's just you know that's just what i do that's
just who you are the capitals learn from you good job buddy hey thanks guys love you guys thanks for
coming on brother be well Be well, Nate.
All right, boys, before we set it off, we have a
our barstool has a big 4th of July sale coming up.
So go to store.barstoolsports.com today for a special 20 off everything,
and you'll get it before July 4th.
We're talking all new t-shirts and tanks.
Saturday are for the boys and one boy
pool floats.
Pint glasses,
koozies, golf gear, flags,
bathing suits, and more.
That's store.barstoolsports.com
and get
20 off site-wide
today only. So you gotta go now.
And thank you for giving me the short ad read, guys.
Big thanks again to my pal, Nate.
He's always a fun time.
I always have a blast with Nate down in New York City.
Glad he can join us for a couple of minutes.
And I'm happy Farmers Caps won, man.
There's nothing like having a team win.
Boys, we haven't been doing all right Hamilton lately just because of the playoffs. We've been getting killer interviews and obviously they're much better people would rather hear that than goofy questions we are going to bring it back in
a different form but i did see a question on here that piqued my interest tonight spitting chiclets
should probably discuss how biz nasty is a career plus seven and ryan whitney is a minus 30 you can't comment biz i was just very reliable in my own end and uh just uh
you know good wall work uh just a reliable forward people always chirp me about my stats when you're
focused so that focus that much on defense and not worried about getting all the money in your
next contract and letting the team suffer sometimes uh you you know, that happens. And good things happen to good people.
Ryan?
What did you say the numbers were?
This is per the dude on Twitter.
He has career Aaron Hoffmeyer at Hoffmeyer.
Career plus seven for the biz man and a dash three zero for the wit dog.
That's an RA fact.
Oh, wow.
Well, it seems to crack you up, R.A., but what's funny is the 30 is similar to the 30 million I made
and the 7 is similar to the 700,000 Biz made.
So in the end, I would say I'd probably win that one.
I'm just laughing at the entertainment factor,
but I got no dog in this fucking fight.
I'll tell you right now.
How many Calder cups do you have, Ryan?
I could sell my Calder cup ring and probably come up to about 705.
I'll tell you, though, it's similar to the guys who, you know,
have the most turnovers every year or usually very skilled players
because they have the puck a lot.
So I was out on the ice a lot.
I played on some not-so-great teams. I was not very good defensively. My plus-minus always puck a lot. So I was out on the ice a lot. I played on some not-so-great teams.
I was not very good defensively.
My plus-minus always took a hit.
Biz, on the other hand, played a responsible fourth-line game.
I would have had him on my team's fourth line.
So I understand that he's a plus.
I do think, though, that for every offensive player
and offensive defenseman out there, I'm speaking to you right now
and the fucking minus for an empty net goal
against is the biggest joke in the NHL today. And you get out there because you're relied upon to
try to tie the game up for your team when they're losing and the other team scores and you don't
have a goddamn goalie in net and you have to get minus for that. I always took those. I took 15 of
them one year in San Antonio, my last year playing in North America. Plus minus was that. I always took those. I took 15 of them one year in San Antonio my last year playing in
North America. Plus minus was pathetic.
15 empty net minuses.
Are you kidding me? I'll always
be rattled that that is a stat
against. Wait, for your career?
What?
You had 15 total in your career?
No, one year. Oh, geez.
That was like all of Reckman-Larsen this year.
That's crazy, man.
The first half of the year, we were pulling our goalie every night. no one year oh geez that was like all of leckman larson this year that's crazy man yeah the first
first half of the year it was i mean we were pulling our goalie every night and uh yeah he
would always be on the ice and fuck man i was yeah that is that is fucked because like you say
which is no fucking goalie there that's like it shouldn't be fucking squad the same way whatsoever
and then you had to leave the rink and you were in Edmonton. Or San Antonio at least so I could golf the next morning.
Biz, I heard you mention we were talking earlier about the town.
You mentioned the town.
Did you know I was in that?
Not a big deal.
No way.
Yeah.
I'm a blink and you miss it.
Well, it's actually my reflection is in the Bob Mira when John Hamm's talking to the hot chick Krista there.
When he's pulling the money out and like that pan panning the camera yeah I was a cook I went to a casting call and I didn't hear back
from it for like weeks they already started production I actually visited my buddy who was
on the set and then like three months in like the movie they called up and like you still want to be
in the an extra I was like yeah so so you were in the room with who's now Ryan Reynolds' wife.
Blake Lively, yep, and Jon Hamm, Donnie Draper. You're so fucking hot.
Oh, dude, she was from me to the fucking laptop away.
She was good, and she's smoking, too, in real life.
She was right next to me.
But it was cool, man.
I was on a set all day.
And it was kind of wild, too, because when they were filming the scene,
I was really the only one who could fuck it up.
I didn't have any lines, but I had to do the manner kind of wild too. Cause during, when they were filming the scene, I was like really the only one who could fuck it up. Like I didn't have any lines, but I was,
I was like had to do the mannerisms of a cook.
Like I was working a grill and I had like a fucking,
how could you, how could you have fucked that up?
Cause he's too excited.
He's busting his nut everywhere.
Cause I'm not a, I'm not a professional actor.
I mean, I know I didn't have lines,
but like I was pretending to like cook.
So I could have like easily hit the spatula too hard.
Or then there was like a wire on the floor i could have like tripped on that
i basically had to be on like wicked high alert that i didn't fuck anything up because
i was the only person like physically moving like i said i didn't have any lines but i was the only
person actually moving on the set you put that in your bumble bio if i had one that would be
fucking definitely my my move my uh moving background of it. It's not something you would see and notice,
but, but what was cool was like months when the movie come out months later,
entertainment tonight, like there's all kinds of cameras in the room.
Like you don't know which ones are filming, like the movie,
which ones are filming promo shit and entertainment tonight was doing a promo
on the movie. And there's this picture clear as day.
We're like Blake Lively and then fucking me in the background,
like clear as day with like my hookah run and shit. So like it wasn't in the actual flick but yeah it was it's a cool
thing and then it went on the great success plus you know i'm from the town too so i had like a
and then r.a. said rumors that they were dating i cannot confirm nor deny his bumble hi i'm brian
i was able to not fuck up the fake usage of a spatula in a scene of the town.
Method guy.
I had to go method.
No, but it was a cool experience, man.
I mean, to be in, you know, what became an Oscar-nominated film
and went on a pretty good success.
And now it's probably, you know,
I would say one of the top three to five Boston movies ever made.
So, yeah, it's a cool thing.
No bias there.
No, you know, there's a little bias, but that's why I said top three.
I don't think we've ever seen a guy smoke his own cock like this on the podcast.
Yeah, you never do that.
I don't want to call their cup and shit.
I got told news by an exact reliable source that our Ernie L story was pretty much 99 correct.
The way they started the fights, though, with Steve Marino,
he made them drink all that.
They got so fucked up.
But the rule was whenever he had to piss, he had to get by Ernie.
Oh.
And then that's how the physical part of it, he goes,
hey, just so you know, when he went to go to the bathroom the first time,
he goes, you got to try to get by me.
And then one of the times, he got by him in a way that Ernie thought was like dirty play.
So he went to the bathroom, shut the door.
Dude, turns around in the little bathroom of the private planes where I sat in a stall
because Mario Lemieux pigeon tossed me.
He opens the door, and Ernie was standing right there and drilled him right there.
Fuck, I would have had a piss
jug.
That's a good way to end the pod, boys. What a fun one.
I guess we could name
this one the championship pod.
Yeah, definitely, man.
Washington Capitals and their fans who, even though
they watch games in empty arenas that their team
isn't playing in, congrats to them. This is your celebration.
Celebrate good times.
Come on.
Celebrate.
Celebrate good times.
Come on.
