Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
I am a real American. Fight for the rights of every man. I am a real American. Fight for what's right.
Fight for your life.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 95 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Say hello to the fellas.
Ryan Whitney.
How are ya?
What's up?
Producer Mikey Grinelli.
Hello, gentlemen.
And our on-site Big J journalist, Paul Bissonette,
who was in Vegas covering the NHL Awards last night, Wednesday night.
What's up, Biz? How'd it go?
Bit of a hurt locker right now, but what a great week.
Saw a lot of our fans, you know, Ovi.
We saw him. He's a big spit and trickle guy.
Halsey, of course, his beautiful big lips.
Guy could suck a golf ball through a garden hose,
which is what I said on the audio that we posted that nobody could hear.
But all in all, boys, what a great week and a great award ceremony.
So you're still there?
I leave tonight, yeah.
Oh, Jesus.
Have you been, like, professional, or have you been getting after it?
I dove in pretty early in the trip and then faded towards the end.
Ugh.
That's a long time to be in Vegas, dude.
Yeah, it is.
I got stuck there for like a week during the weather one time.
It was like I never thought I'd want to be fucking taken out of Vegas,
but seven days there is a fucking agony, man, especially when you're broke and don't have any drugs left.
Sorry, did I say that out loud?
So with that, we're going to say that out loud so uh we're gonna we're gonna
with that we're gonna say that we do have keith kachuk joining us awesome son brady is going to
be a high pick in the nhl draft so we're gonna get that a little bit biz how cool was the moment
with the humble broncos that was pretty special i was watching her on tv and you can make fun of
the awards and there was some stuff i have to bring up that was funny and ridiculous but that
moment must have been pretty special in person at least on tv it was unreal to see yeah much like
the Vegas tragedy at the start of the year how how they handled it with all the videos and stuff
like that and the tributes uh NHL did a great job of bringing them in and I actually had the pleasure
to meet all of them right beforehand and and uh Colby Armstrong messaged me said hey all the boys
are there they want want to say hi to you.
And it was great.
They all had wonderful personalities.
And, yeah, great job by the NHL to turn that into a special night for them.
Yeah, it was also nice, Paul, that they recognized the hockey team
from Florida after they had their tragic shooting as well.
Unfortunately, there are so many tragedies nowadays
that can get intertwined with our sports.
But it was nice.
The NHL definitely did a great job with Hand on that.
And also in the same vein of the awards, I owe an apology to Jordan Stahl.
I fucked up.
I got my Stahls confused.
And we just hit the view Jason Zuck, and we're talking to him about Eric Stahl,
so I think I had Stahl in the brain.
So, yeah, apologies to Jordan Stahl.
He certainly deserved to be nominated for the
master 10 i thought it was his brother i just simply screwed it up so apologies there and i
hope that's cool with everybody well i think we all did and and i i had totally forgot about him
losing a child and and uh you know we were not trying to be insensitive to that you know sometimes
we fuck up on this podcast and we're the first ones to call that out. Just glad we could clear the air with that.
Yeah, frankly, I didn't even know that that had happened.
It's easy to miss a tidbit of news in today's world, and I wasn't even aware of it.
Me and Wits, even before you joined the showbiz, I remember me and Wits were talking in the same conversation
about having the Masters in versus a comeback player of the year, too.
I think that conversation was still in my head.
So anyways, congratulations to all the winners last night.
We haven't done our stats on who picked what,
but we had some major trades over the last couple of days, boys.
Hey, boys, I have the stats real quick if you want them.
Oh, okay.
All right, Grinnell.
Give me some good news for Christ's sake.
All right, so, boys, the numbers look pretty good.
The numbers look real good.
So, Whitney.
Well, we only had three chances.
It wasn't like the playoffs when I was just over 1,000.
So, Whit came in at seven for eight.
We only picked eight of them.
So, Whit got seven of them.
Biz came in at also seven for eight.
Fuck.
Damn it.
And then R.A. came in at six for eight.
The birds are on pick. The birds are on pick for Selke. He just fucked R.A. came in at six for eight. The Berser on pick.
The Berser on pick for Selke just fucked R.A.,
but hey, he's going down the ship every time.
What was the other one that I get wrong?
Grinelli.
You also.
Oh, the fucking Lady Bing.
Yeah, you got Lady Bing wrong.
Yeah.
Keith Kachuk never won no Lady Bing.
No, he certainly didn't, as we'll hear about in a little while he's
we do got a great interview coming up with with big walt in a little bit so uh so anyways biz
one of your guys get traded uh max domi got sent to montreal for alexander galchenyuk a pretty big
one-for-one trade what's your take on it you know max domi better than any of us so uh what's your
what's your take on it biz yeah some Yeah, some pre-draft fireworks.
You know, there were rumblings last year right before the deadline
that Max was going to get traded.
You know, he'd been struggling a little bit last year to find his scoring touch.
Definitely had an off season.
I would say it's definitely not a cause of off-ice work ethic or even on ice.
The guy works extremely hard to get his body ready for the season.
And, you know, everyone always wants to rip on like certain things,
like whether someone won or lost a trade.
I wish nothing for the best for Max because he's such a good person.
I hope he goes to Montreal and does really well, gets inside that spotlight.
He's not afraid of the camera
and kind of loves that
type of stuff. So I hope he goes
there and thrives. And I also
hope the Coyotes
get that player in Galchenyuk
that everyone thinks that he is. I mean, he had
a 30-goal season already
in his young career. And I hope
both teams work. It works out for both
teams. And that's actually,
I don't know whether he's going to play center in Phoenix,
but that's where we maybe lack a little depth and him and step on could step
in and be like a good one,
two,
one,
one,
two punch down the middle and take a little stress off each of them.
Yeah.
I mean,
I don't,
I don't know.
Like immediately my brain thought, oh, well, you know, Montreal gets a little younger. And then I looked and Galchenyuk's a year older than Domi. So he's 24, Domi's 23. I think Phoenix, I think this is an awesome trade for Phoenix. I think the last two years, Galchenyuk, people have said, where's that 30 goal talent from 15-16 season?
you know, where's that 30 goal talent from 15, 16 season.
But in the last two years, Max Domi has 18 goals combined.
Last year, Galchenyuk had 19 and everyone said he sucked.
So I think that both guys did need a new place to play.
I think that it's going to be good for both of them. But in terms of talent, I think how big Galchenyuk is, how well he skates,
and just what I've seen him do before.
I think it's a great trade for Phoenix, Arizona.
I think he's going to make a huge difference.
And I think Domi will really kind of benefit from being in a hockey-mad city.
I think some people kind of wilter in that, and they can't handle it.
They kind of go into a shell.
I think he's the opposite.
I think he's a personality who's going to take it all in and enjoy it
and love being in the spotlight, like you said, Biz.
But for Arizona, you've got to love this trade.
You've got to love the chance of getting a guy who's a 30-goal score,
only 24 years old, maybe didn't love the spotlight and the whole, you know,
everything that comes with playing in Montreal as a Canadian.
So if you're Arizona, you're excited to have this guy up front,
and you think that this is another big offensive talent that could make a difference.
I just love that any move the Canadians make nowadays just pisses off their entire fan base, and I just enjoy the schadenfreude from that.
Well, guys, here's one thing that, I mean, we can dive in a little bit.
There has been rumblings that maybe the organization wasn't crazy about Galchenyuk's off-ice habits I don't know anything about that I haven't talked
to anyone about it um I find that I love Bergevin he's an unbelievable guy I do feel he sometimes
makes trades with with emotions as opposed to more of emotions that as opposed to maybe his brain
I mean we can relate to the PK one one, whether people want to chime in about that.
But, I mean, they may have given up on Galchenyuk a little early.
And what you talked about, he's only 24 years old, and he has a lot of upside.
I feel like maybe in the newspapers there, too, he became a bit of the whipping boy.
And you know what you know
when that happens in a place like montreal it's going to take a lot for them to not be so i i
mean like i went i love the trade for phoenix as you said and i think this is uh you can't lose on
this one yeah it's just and domi has a ton to prove uh but that's not an easy place to to prove
it so if fans are pissed off that galchenyuk's gone
um who and by the way these are the same fans who complain about him when he plays like shit but
then you trade him and oh we should have got more for him well which one is it but they're gonna be
on domey if he doesn't start off well it's gonna be he's gonna be the boo birds will be out like
like for anyone who struggles in march all but especially a guy who comes in via trade where
they lost a very talented young player.
So I was just surprised that Domi's only a year younger than him.
In my brain, I think because of how long Galchenyuk's been around,
I thought he might have been three or four years older than Domi,
but it just shows that I think Bergevin does maybe make trades based on emotion.
I'm sure maybe he didn't like the kid's personality.
He doesn't like what he's doing off the ice.
Either way, that kid's going to find fun no matter what city he plays.
And if that is an issue for him, Scottsdale will be no different than Montreal besides how warm it is.
So it's a trade for both guys that's a little bit of an eye-opener for them.
Like, all right, well, we're young and two teams have kind of not given up on us
but said, let's time to part ways.
So you've got to realize that happens again and one more time,
and then all of a sudden you're in trouble.
So it's big seasons for both those guys.
But Arizona, in re-signing Ekman-Larsen, I mean,
and the end of the year that Biz has told us about 900 times
where they were a top team in the league the last 35, 40 games.
It's an exciting time
for that team and i think this definitely has the potential to be a trade that helps both teams
maybe each guy maybe just needed to change the scenery to like realize their full potential and
could be one of those situations unlike say the taylor hall adam lawson trade oh my god taylor Taylor Hall, congrats. MVP. Let's remind everyone, one for one, straight up, Larson for Hall.
MVP award. If I was more of a professional, I saw a list of the five players who've ever won MVP that were traded.
It's an elite list that Halsey now adds to. That was awesome.
I don't even know how I just thought of it. I just got so excited. I was so happy for him last night.
He also crushed his speech.
He looked sexy as hell. I sent
Grinnelli a video I was going to tweet out,
but I was kind of buzzed. I didn't
know if I looked like I was loaded. Grinnelli, should
I have tweeted that? Basically, what I did
was I said, I videoed his
speech or he was talking to someone,
and then I turned the camera myself. I said, you can't
get that suit at the West Edmonton Mall because it was a fire look for halsey i think we still need
to put this video out there we'll see if people want to see the video as opposed to just hearing
what i said because i i did look like a little bit of a mess and then the red the red face going but
i i knew i knew we didn't get that suit at west edmonton Mall. But then they got 15 Aldos there.
They don't have a place you can buy that suit.
Boys, I saw him on the red carpet.
Not a big deal.
And I think he was a little choked because he saw our pre-picks.
And I had McKinnon picked.
And he was like, oh, yeah, I don't think I'm going to win, eh?
And I was like, oh.
This is a little uncomfortable.
I think it might be a Stamko situation where I might get the unfollow.
I was a little weird.
I was like, oh, no, I was just kidding.
I had to be a little different than the other guys just to create some controversy
and totally spun it and blamed it on you guys.
Nice.
Nice team play.
He knows it wasn't me.
He knows it wasn't me.
Rumi for life.
The other big trade, it happened actually just after we recorded our last show um mike
hoffman he we talked about the situation in ottawa is um basically apparently allegedly his wife was
you know being very cruel online to eric hollison and his wife all the other wives sort of backed
it up there was a basically a canadian restraining order taken out so you know hoffman's trade value
went way down in a three we're not really a three-way deal auto sent them to san jose san
jose ended up flipping them back into the auto's division anyways uh but guys i want to ask you
as you know i know you didn't necessarily have wives and or girlfriends in the league
but what kind of baggage is this this well fiance and poffin's gonna brag bring to florida now i
know the wives they're
probably going to be welcoming and going with an open mind but you got to think there's going to
be some sort of an uncomfortable fact that that's uh you know a wag coming out with that kind of
reputation i know you guys don't have to deal with it but is that going to create a situation
already in florida or will they just accept this guy for who he is from the get-go i i would sense
as opposed to being welcoming maybe there's somebody on that
team a wife on that team who calls her and says hey we're glad to have you but none of that shit's
gonna be happening and almost completely opposite of what you're saying and maybe lay it on the line
like i don't know what's true what's not but i'm going on what i hear and that will not be happening
kind of lay into her a little bit let her know what's going on in this new club maybe that'll happen maybe that'll set her straight
because obviously there's an issue of everyone knowing um it's going to be bizarre for that
girl to walk into the room and Pierre Dorian said today when asked about the trade of Mike Hoffman
he said our locker room was broken had to be done so you know there was teams that want him the guy
can play he's a complete sniper
but you never know if maybe some wives on the other team instead of being welcoming and kind
of pretending like they don't know and all that well maybe they actually go the opposite route
and say watch your shit around this panthers room because us panthers women don't fuck around
yeah send the queen being as he goes the who's the queen be there maybe just send yandali's wife yandall's wife uh boys uh well a few things regarding that issue i was talking to some people at the nhl awards it
kind of came up like i i'm not really one in a speculation some people were saying that this
story is not really over and there's still more stuff to come out and and and some people were
saying like maybe it wasn't in
fact her and she's getting blamed for it i don't fucking know all i know is i know carlson better
than than hoffman uh i don't i i like carlson a lot i would assume that they wouldn't be making
this shit up um what was what was another thing too uh regarding the issue is is apparently the nhl asked that the senators not trade him in
division did you guys hear that no i thought i thought that the gm of ottawa said that he
doesn't trade within the division he doesn't even talk to with gms in his own division i thought that
was the quote dorian doesn't even dorian doesn't even talk to teams in his division to trade
unless it was a clickbait headline,
it basically said that they were instructed by a league
to hopefully get them outside of the division,
probably for the simple fact that every time they play each other,
they don't want it to be a storyline if it's in division
because then they have to see each other a bunch of times every year.
So whatever.
It's been a bit of a clusterfuck situation, very unfortunate.
But all I know is fucking San Jose feliced everybody on that fucking deal.
Oh, and Doug Wilson is making moves to open up some cap space.
And, you know, everyone's saying Tavares, Tavares, is that what San Jose's doing?
But it was pretty funny to see.
Oh, my God, great trade by San Jose.
They get Mike Hoffman, 30-goal, possible 40-go 30 goal possible 40 goal guy and then boom five minutes later he was gone but that's the whole thing about this whole
story how ridiculous it is that the guy is such a good player i mean the panthers they got a stud
they got a stud forward um but san jose doug wilson deserves some big credit for opening up a lot of
room in an in an attempt uh and actually what i saw was people said, well, Hoffman to San Jose,
no chance to get Carlson, put him out of the equation,
and quickly he was gone.
So the whole Eric Carlson to San Jose thing,
maybe that'll happen still.
But either way, you're right.
He did fleece a bunch of people
and get a bunch of cap room
to maybe make a run at some big names.
And it's great to watch, too,
if you like to watch the transactions,
how they're setting up a trade to one team, and meanwhile,
he's talking to talent and seeing what he can get for him there.
So I love that fall in that shit because, you know,
obviously you don't tell other guys you're talking to.
I mean, you've got to be a little bit deceptive there, I'm sure,
when you're a GM.
So, all right, that'll wrap up the trade talk.
We're going to bring it now to one of the greatest Americans to ever play
in the NHL, Keith Kachuk.
He's going to talk about his son, Brady, who's getting drafted this weekend and a bunch of other great stuff. So now we're the NHL, Keith Kachuk. He's going to talk about his son, Brady,
who's getting drafted this weekend and a bunch of other great stuff.
So now we're going to go to Keith Kachuk.
Very special guest on today's episode.
It's a draft episode, which is a little ironic because his kid is going to
probably go, I would assume, in the top five,
hopefully to the Arizona Coyotes.
Welcome to the podcast, Keith Kachuk.
Thank you very much.
Thanks for having me, guys.
And you're currently down in Dallas at the draft.
Yes, I am.
Got down here on Tuesday and a long couple days with meetings
and a couple of extracurricular activities too.
Also, you had to kind of give them the breakdown
of how the teams are going to grill them,
ask them these tough questions.
I'm sure things have changed a little bit
as far as the questions go,
because I know scouts were a little harder on us
back in our day.
Yeah, I mean, I never went through it.
And being in those meetings now, though,
you know, it's wrong for guys. I mean, you do a through it. And being in those meetings now, though, you know, it's wrong for guys.
I mean, you do a lot of detail with stuff,
but I feel bad for these guys that kind of get the harsh treatment from guys.
You know, there are some instances where guys have done some bad things
and you kind of have a little bit hard on them.
But you want to make these kids, at the end of the day,
they're still 18-year-old kids, you know, and they're nervous in there,
and you've got to make them feel comfortable.
they're still 18 year old kids you know and they're nervous in there and you got to make them feel comfortable keith when you went through the process shit 28 years ago i remember the day
after you got drafted you didn't go to the odd draft correct no it was i mean it was out in
vancouver and i didn't know i was hurt all year anyway so i didn't think i was going to go in the
first round and you know it's pretty expensive you know my dad being a fireman my mom being a housewife we really couldn't afford to go out there and you know i didn was going to go in the first round. And, you know, it was pretty expensive. You know, my dad being a farmer and my mom being a housewife,
we really couldn't afford to go out there.
And, you know, I didn't want to go all the way out there to Vancouver.
I think that's where the draft was.
And, you know, I just didn't know where I was going to get drafted.
I got lucky, I guess, and went in the first round
and had a big party back in the house in Medford.
Yeah, carried on the next day over to the Bunker Hill Day Parade,
if I'm not mistaken.
Yeah, it went on for about a week, actually.
For my months, it's been up and up.
What was your process like going back then?
Did you interview with a bunch of teams, just a couple teams?
I can't imagine every single team reached out to you, did they?
Yeah, you know what?
No.
I mean, a lot of communications back then was pretty much nothing.
You know, it's not like it is now.
But I did, you know, like I said, I was hurt.
So I missed most of the year.
So I think I had a flight of Philadelphia and met with the Bruins.
I mean, that was basically it.
And, you know, the scout, the team obviously went and drafted me.
And I had a good relationship with a longtime scout, Joe Iannetti, who I played against his son.
So he knew me really well.
But, no, it's not like it is now.
I mean, it's so  everything's so magnified nowadays with, you know,
with the media and all this Twitter and stuff and meetings
and guys flying in.
You know, it's so different.
It's a lot more harsh now than it was back when I was playing,
when I got drafted.
I can imagine a young Walt Kachuk with Twitter when he was 16 years old.
That would, that would be an amazing, amazing sight.
Let's just say I wouldn't probably have a long career if we had cell phones
back then.
The original thing is nasty.
No, I'm not quite at that level but it's crazy thank god um well so
for people who don't know um the talent st louis now i mean when matthew was drafted i think it
was five st louis kids going the first round brady obviously has pretty much grown up there with you
being a legendary blues player kind of go into how good the program in the st
louis area hockey's become to have all this first round elite nhl talent these young studs and and
the players along with you that kind of played for the blues and then stayed in st louis to help
coach and grow these players kind of who are they and what's that whole you know program like around
the city well you know why it goes back a long way with all you know a lot of former players settling down in st louis and having children and starting to coach i mean it was a
long time coming and obviously guys like bass mccray rob ramagell mckinnis jeff brown all
having kids giving back and you know that was a pretty special group we had with you know that
96th birthday or the 97s and 98s i mean you, you know, if you said to me, you know,
growing up in Boston, like you, Wits, you know,
and you have Minnesota, you have Michigan and Massachusetts.
Yeah.
You know, if I know back then I was going to play a team from St. Louis,
the first thing I was thinking of was, you know,
how many cookies are you going to get?
Point nine.
There's point nine because nobody, I mean, besides those three states,
there was no really high-end hockey around.
But now with, you know, the NHL settling in places like St. Louis
and obviously California, Dallas, you know.
But we put a lot of work into it.
I mean, Al McInnes with the 96s, Jeff Brown and I with the 98s and 97s.
And we got lucky.
We had a good group of kids back then.
And to have five kids draft in the first round,
and then, you know, a kid in the second or third,
Joseph Woolsey, goalie, and then, you know,
a couple of years later, Luke Barton,
you know, now Brady this year.
It's been pretty good.
It's been a lot of fun.
You know, I remember those teams.
We go up to Canada.
You know, we compete with those teams and do really well,
but it's a lot of hard work by a lot of the guys
and the kids were committed he's shifting back to your draft uh what was your reaction to getting
drafted by winnipeg uh i don't i'm assuming you'd probably never been there before going to a small
canadian market uh just your initial reactions well you know what obviously i didn't know much
about it yeah i mean i didn't know what winnipeg was, which is sad to say.
And, you know, my parents weren't even home.
It was just me and my brother at home.
And I got the phone call, and then my parents came home.
Because it wasn't like I had a cell phone.
I could just call them up as they were doing errands around town.
When I came home, my mom cried.
She didn't cry for happy.
She was sad.
She was like, she didn't know anything
about what i think but i still cry when i have to go there no it's a great place you know it is i
like it there and uh that's good though but we had a you know it was a good time like i said we had
a party for about a week until my mother got pissed off and kicked everybody out. Well, actually, the one thing that they do have is a big amount
of attractive women that is very undercover,
probably the most in the league.
Yeah, sneaky, sneaky talent.
Yeah, those Western Canadian girls are pretty sharp looking.
I'll leave it at that.
Keith, we don't want to get you in trouble. Yeah. Is there a potty? Sharp looking. I'll leave it at that.
Keith, we don't want to get you in trouble.
Yeah.
Is there a party?
I don't want to name any teams.
Is there a party you're hoping that maybe a certain team or teams doesn't select Brady and you kind of prefer he goes somewhere else?
I won't mention any names, though.
No, you know what?
Whatever happens, happens.
You can't try to dictate or, you know, because, you know whatever happens happens you can't try to dictate or or you know because you
know there might be not some great teams but there's some good opportunities so whatever
happens happens you got to go in with a good attitude it's it's a proud day you know we're
proud of brady we want him to join it we we want to enjoy it so whatever happens it happens i mean
you gotta deal with it um it's still the national hockey league the greatest you know league in the
world so we'll look forward to it.
Whatever happens, happens.
But it'd be nice to have them close to home.
I'll leave it at that.
How's that?
That's perfect.
Perfect.
So nowadays, it's so crazy to me in talking to guys who coach kids,
whether they're 10-year-old, 14-year-old, how nuts parents are.
And a lot of times, it's parents who never even played
hockey. So for you to have your wisdom, be able to teach your kids, what was one thing you kind
of always stuck by, you know, when you're giving them advice, you know, I'm sure they look up to
you so much like any kid does their father, let alone a guy who plays that long in the NHL. So
what was something you always told them? I'm sure they love the game on their own, but was it easy
kind of coaching them and being by their side
while also seeing these parents?
You're like, what the fuck's wrong with you?
Yeah, there's a few of those out there.
Every team has them.
But you know what?
I told all the kids, not just my own kids, you know,
basically compete and be a good teammate and everything else will fall into place.
But you know what?
You know, I know what it's like being a parent, you know we had a good we had good control over our parents and um you know you know it's
hard enough these kids are going through so much in their lives and you know parents put a lot of
pressure on kids and you know there are some kids that sometimes play hockey or play sports because
their parents want them to so we had a good grip things. We just went out and let the kids do what they do, you know, a lot of skill.
But off the ice, you know, be a good teammate.
And, you know, on the ice you compete.
And luckily we had, I mean, yeah, we had some first-rounders,
but I'm just as proud as some of these coaching these kids who are still playing,
whether it's college or whether it's the USHL or the North American League.
And, you know, it was a lot of fun helping, you know, not just your kid or another kid.
Most of them continue their hockey career, which means a lot to me.
Then you have those crazy parents.
Trust me, those crazy parents.
I kept them in line.
Trust me. Yeah, you're like, you want a knuckle sandwich, you little motherfucker?
I threw it in my head.
I almost told him to go out back.
But, you know, whatever.
Well, we talked a bit about the youngest one.
But Matthew, I've had the chance to talk to him about him with some Calgary folk.
And I love him.
He's a bit of a throwback.
He's a piece of shit on the ice, which I love.
I wish the Coyotes could pick up a guy like that because he can score
and he stirs the pot.
Do you think that has anything to do with the fact that he was kind of around
the dressing room watching all the old school guys and following your career?
Yeah, I think the one thing about Matthew, he's a pretty sharp kid.
He's smart.
He knows that, you know, I think it all started when he
went to the National Development Program.
When you go to a program
like that, all these kids are skilled.
They're all good players. They're all playing the
half wall. He was smart enough to
figure out, all right, I'm going to play with a little chip
on my shoulder. At the end of the day,
he's a competitive kid. I've seen it growing up.
He figured out
he wants to get to the NHL, and everybody is skilled.
Why not try to add something else that makes him so valuable
and can play in any situation?
He goes over the top sometimes, but I like that.
I think he has the will to win and will to stick up for his teammates.
I'm sure if I played against him, I wanted to take his head off.
But you want guys like that on your team,
that'll do whatever it takes.
It might not always be on the scoreboard,
but it'll affect the game in a positive way somehow,
unless he does something stupid and gets suspended again.
Is it kind of frustrating hearing maybe a lot of criticism in the news
based on the way the media takes it when he gets over the edge a little bit?
Do you kind of just shake your head and it's like, shut the fuck up.
This is hockey, man.
This is how it goes.
Yeah.
Yeah, at the end of the day, he's still your son.
And I think my wife gets a little more upset than I do.
And like I said, you know, people will get on him for being cheap.
But at the end of the day, he's a pretty good player.
He's got good skills.
So I don't want them to just think he's one of these guys that plays reckless.
Now, when he did a couple stupid things this year i was pissed at him and i let him know um but you know at the end of the
day he's playing the national hockey league i'm not so you know he knows what to do and you know
i trust you know him as a player and he'll make mistakes as a young kid it's so funny to me that
like i i think sometimes fans forget that guys will still catch shit from their fathers
with or their mothers when they're in the nhl you think the highest level their coach gm may be
pissed no once in a while your dad's like what the fuck are you doing out there jesus christ
well yeah and you know what i've been fighting with him for the last month because he's freaking
growing his hair out and it makes me sick so he finally cut his goddamn hair out the other day
because i said you're not coming to the draft with that friggin' head of lettuce.
I'll tell you right now. So yeah, we still
I don't care. He's in the National Hockey League, but
he knows I'm still the boss.
So let us know
kind of, for people who don't know, Brady's
game. What's the difference in terms of how
they play? I got to watch Brady this
year at BU, but I'm curious how
you would kind of describe their games being a little
bit different or similar.
You know what?
They have a lot of similarities.
But I think Brady, you know, Matthew's still a work in progress,
and they both are, you know, with skating.
But I think Brady's a better skater.
He's got a longer build.
He hits with a little more power.
I think, you know, I hate to say this,
but he's definitely tougher than his brother.
They both have good hands.
But Matthew has that savviness with the puck,
I think, with the patience and the sense that he's a playmaker.
He's going to guess right.
He anticipates.
I think Brady's learning that right now, but they both took different routes,
obviously, and Brady was one of the youngest guys in college hockey this year,
and it's an older league.
So, you know, it took him a little while to adjust to the strength in the game.
But I think they both have that competitive edge and their will to win,
and that's what I like most about their games.
Keith, how old was each boy when you saw them playing and realized,
okay, we've got something special here.
This kid is talented, and he should really stick with it i mean were they eight years old ten years old
about whereabouts were they you know you know i think as we get closer i think once they got
in that situation where they're trying out to that development program the national development team
that's when you kind of knew i mean at the end of the day you're just hoping they get a college
scholarship you know and get to play college hockey and after that some bonus and to save you a few bucks yeah why not especially nowadays holy
christ uh but uh uh you know but it's what it was at that time probably when they're 15 16 that
you know they might have a chance of getting you know 16 or something i should say when they get
drafted but uh you know but i was still kept it grounded where they both need a lot of work
and they still need a lot of work.
Now, did you pull them aside and say, hey, guys,
you guys have this potential here, don't screw it up?
Or did you just kind of like coach them along the way?
How did that process work?
Like, you know, you want to acknowledge that they're good,
but you don't want to blow up their heads, you know?
No, you know what?
You kind of know because on Friday nights when a lot of their buddies are going out,
they honestly would rather stay home and watch hockey you know with me and i that's when you kind of
knew you know you know you don't want to pressure the kids you got to leave it up to them to work
and i think they did a pretty good job of working hard and and shooting pucks and playing roller
roll hockey outside and smashing my windows uh I really didn't tell them.
Matthew's like a coach.
He wants to watch hockey.
He wants to learn the game.
Brady took a little longer to get to, but they're smart enough.
They've been around the dressing room.
They've seen guys, how they prepare.
They've seen guys like David Perron, how much work he put in, you know, Paul Correa, all the little crazy nutty stuff that he used to do just to get ready for
practice. I mean, are you kidding me?
Mine was a coffee and a, you know,
get a hot pack on your knee or something. That's about it.
But I think they learned a lot of valuable lessons coming down the rink with
me watching hockey, you know,
but they also learned a lot of bad things in the locker room too.
Well, Keith,
that's gotta be a pretty special feeling lot of bad things in the locker room, too. Keith, that's got to be a pretty special feeling,
having two kids drafted in the first
round.
We wish Brady tomorrow the best of luck.
Hopefully, he ends up in Arizona, and we'll be seeing
a lot of each other.
We might have to move him in with you if that's the case.
Jesus, God, no.
You want him to last in the league.
I'll just tell him, do the opposite of what I did,
and you should last forever.
I love it.
Brady will be in Old Town nine nights a week.
Oh, Jesus.
I might have to make a few extra trips out there.
I still got a membership out there at Whisper Rock.
Humble brag.
Yeah, well, I call it the one place I don't play,
even though I pay my dues every year.
So I got to use it more.
Well, I would use your membership,
but I actually am not allowed to go back there because I said something
on Twitter about Mickelson, and apparently he's a member there.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Uh-oh.
I don't want to know.
The reason why I bought up the Yotes was uh i mean in 96 winnipeg
uh moved to phoenix and you you go there you had your best uh season as far as goals are concerned
your first year there what what was that like all of a sudden you're going from winnipeg to phoenix
when was the first time you'd even like been there to like check it out and see your new surroundings
well we went down at all-star break the previous year while we were still playing in Winnipeg.
Obviously, it was a great place weather-wise. It was booming.
Then playing there for the first year, it was
an unbelievable experience. We played downtown. We had a great fan base.
We were a very competitive team. It was just
going from the winters
up in Winnipeg
to the winters down in Arizona
it was night and day
it was a great adjustment
but it was a fun place to play
I really enjoyed playing there for the 4.5-5 years
that I played there
it'd be weird to see Brady
wearing that uniform
but it'd be a great experience.
Keith, if you had, if you were playing in today's NHL, like, how do you think your game
from back then would translate in today's game where it's so much faster?
Not to say you didn't have any speed, but you obviously are powerful and you played
between the dots a lot.
How do you think your game would translate in today's league?
Well, yeah, like you said, the skating, it's a skating game now.
You have to be able to move out there.
These guys are machines.
I mean, they're big.
They're in great shape.
They can skate.
Most of these kids are nerds now.
I mean, I've seen it.
I witnessed it.
I go up there.
My wife always says, you're going up to Calgary.
You're not going up there to Matthew to babysit you.
You got to, you know, keep an eye on him.
And, you know, I remember one night I woke up because I'm, you know, 46 years old, taking five P's a night.
I get up and I see his light on in his room.
His door closed.
I go in there.
He's playing goddamn, what is those video games?
I don't know what the hell he's playing.
I don't know what he's playing.
The other one before that, Call of Duty, maybe. Or whatever, Fortnite. I don't know what the hell is. I don't know what he's playing. The other one before that call duty,
maybe,
or whatever,
Fortnite,
I don't know what it is.
I go,
you shitting me.
You know what?
I used to be out late at night,
but you're drinking beers.
This guy's staying up late playing video games.
And I go,
and his headphones on.
I go,
who the hell are you playing with right now?
And he goes,
Troy Brower and Mike Smith.
He goes,
he goes, they're not allowed to play until their kids go to bed,
so we have to play this late.
Are you shitting me?
I was like, I shook my head.
I said, next time I take a piss, you better be sleeping.
But nowadays, they play video games instead of us going out
and having beers and wings the night before a game.
Oh, complete hockey nerds.
I'm surprised he wasn't reading a like stick handling
book that's what most of them are probably doing it's insane it's a different game we'd have a lot
i'd have i'd have trouble i'm telling you it's just it's a different atmosphere now these kids
are so highly trained you know robots they want to be hockey players the way they eat the way they
train the way they practice it's a fast game now now. Well, before I get into that for you, that's my question.
I did want to mention that.
96-97 year, your first year, the Winnipeg move.
Just want to let the listeners know, 81 games played, 52 goals,
and 228 penalty minutes.
I actually don't think there'll ever be a stat line like that again.
So you've got to be impressed with that.
But when it comes to the training what what was your you like so i mean was was mike boyle
around when you were at bu yeah we did no we i had him at bu and he was really good he was kind
of the first guy really to get that process going i mean before that you just ride the bike for 40
minutes or a half hour, do some bench.
Now these guys are doing jumps, pulling sleds.
I know Matthew and Brady are both training up in Toronto with Gary Roberts,
and it's the whole food thing, the way they train.
It's just incredible that these guys are machines.
I mean, they're ready.
They take care of themselves, and they're so strong on the ice.
I mean, you're seeing 6'4 guys who can skate like the guys that I played against
who are 5'9".
I mean, it's amazing to see.
I give these kids a lot of credit.
Just to piggyback on what Wichita said, that stat line, Keith,
I think we'd be remiss if we didn't mention that.
You were the first American to ever lead the NHL in goal scoring,
and nobody's touched you since.
I figured that was worth mentioning.
I wish I stayed out of the box a little more.
Maybe I'd have more cookies.
Well, I got lost in temper a couple times and a couple stick infractions
and a couple misconducts, and that's when you can just jump a guy and just start wailing on him
without getting really any extra penalties.
Now you've got to get a note.
You've got to get in trouble from the league for touching a guy.
Yeah, well, 538 tucks ain't too bad.
But I wanted to ask you, I had asked you about 25 years ago
who the best guy in the league you played against was,
and I'm curious if the answer is the same.
So all this time later, who was the best guy you played against
in your NHL career?
Wow.
I mean, a lot of them.
I mean, obviously you play against Gretzky and Lemieux and Ray Bork.
And, you know, but, you know, after, you know, obviously those guys.
But when you play against somebody and then you play with them,
I think you really appreciate seeing how hard this guy goes every day.
And Chris Pronger is right up there.
He's one of the toughest son of a bitches.
And honestly, I would have rather played against him
because dealing with him in practice on a daily basis
was worse than playing him twice a year or four times a year.
But now I look back, he makes you better.
He makes you compete
in practice and a guy like alan mckinnis too uh what he brought to the table but those two
you know being you know former teammates i'd have to put them right up there you know underneath
gretzky and lemieux and those guys would he just be a prick in practice or like just trying to push
everybody he's just you know he's a prick in real life, to be honest with you.
He's such a great player.
I've seen him play three and a half minutes straight on a penalty kill in the playoffs.
To me,
it was just amazing to see
how he could do that.
He played with that edge. He practiced
with that edge. That's what made him such
a great defenseman in the game.
He's one of the best all time. No doubt about it. To just touch on that too, and that's what made him such a great defenseman in the game. He's one of the best all time, there's no doubt about it.
And to just touch on that too, Tyson Nash used to say in the locker room,
he would not be shy if a guy was having a tough game, had a tough period,
in between periods, he'd just ream into a guy.
But he had those expectations of himself, so nobody really got that upset at it.
They'd just say, yeah, I've got to be better.
Yeah, I mean, he was was he was a great leader i mean like he led by example on the ice and you know he was an emotional guy and yeah if you weren't doing what you're supposed to he'd get
right in your face but that's nowadays you can't do that or you know guys will get all upset you
know it'll go the other way but that's how it was and he was really good at that. I remember in Anaheim,
he was like my idol growing up
and I'm watching him
and I get to the,
you know,
I get to the rink
and I'm just like staring at him.
He's like,
holy fuck,
wait,
get your feet moving out there.
Jesus Christ.
And then we'd come in the locker
and he'd be like,
Clark A,
ice pack,
to the trainer.
I'm like,
this guy's a savage.
He's a grumpy bear, man.
Look at his little feet. He's six foot five and he's got these small feet. I don like, this guy's a savage. He's a grumpy bear, man. He has little feet. He's 6'5",
and he's got these small feet. I don't get it.
He does have small feet.
He has tiny boots, actually. You're right.
Yeah.
He's a grumpy bear.
He's a grumpy bear, but that's what made him so good.
Heath, 538 goals.
I heard a story about you when you
were in Phoenix, and this might go back to the most legendary goal of your career.
You don't have to confirm the story at the end.
I just want to tell it the way I heard it, was you guys had a few days off.
Game was in Phoenix downtown, and there was a late-night flight going out to Vegas,
and you guys were planning on going there for your day off with a bunch of the boys.
And I forget what team you guys were playing but they ended up tying it tying it late in the game and everyone's like oh fuck we're gonna miss that miss our flight because
you guys are gonna take a commercial flight out that night it was the last one leaving
and you go and once they tied it you would look down the bench you said don't worry boys I got
this one and you went out there put the fucking team on your back went down the bench, you said, don't worry, boys, I got this one. And you went out there, put the fucking team on your back,
went down the ice and scored.
You didn't do a post-game interview.
You guys went right to the airport with a police escort,
and you guys made the flight.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, those were the days.
It's so old school.
It's the story of all time.
Yeah, yeah.
Those are the days.
Those are the days.
That's great.
I love it.
I'm not going to deny it.
But I'm not going to confirm it either.
I respect that.
The best part about it was they were asking you to do media after the game.
You're like, sorry, boys, not tonight.
Get somebody else to do it. And then all the fun
ones went to the airport and you guys probably had
a ball. I think
I'd be
17,000 people at that
game. I'd probably be
16,599
of those people out of the rink.
That's how fast it happened.
Oh man, that's good stuff.
You know what else?
Go ahead, R.A.
Oh, sorry.
Another old-school question for you.
Who was the toughest guy you fought?
You weren't afraid to chuck the Knucks back then.
Oh, man.
But, yeah, I had to be careful.
I wasn't going to fight guys like McSorley or Biz Nasty.
I got hit a few times pretty hard.
Who was it?
Who hit me hard?
That Keith Premo hit me pretty damn hard one time.
And Smitty from Edmonton hit me hard one time.
What the hell was this?
Yeah, I'd say, you know, I can't remember how it happened.
That's probably why I got hit so much.
So I don't know.
It was a lot of tough guys.
And, you know, it was different back then.
I mean, you had to answer the bell or else, you know,
you'd look bad in front of your team.
But there was a lot of tough guys and a lot of guys that you stayed away from, too.
I mean, Ty Domi was probably one of the toughest guys I played with.
So I'm lucky I played with him because he could hurt you.
Absolute refrigerator on skates, Ty Domi.
Jesus Christ. His head is a monster dome
yep it is so one thing i don't think people know about you and i i remember when this happened i
was like holy shit 1201 games or 1201 1201 and you never lost any teeth until, was it, like, your fifth to last game of your career?
Is that true?
Am I getting this right or am I messing it up?
No, it was definitely my last year.
I think it was maybe in, like, February or something.
Yeah, that was the first time I ever lost teeth.
And I'm telling you right now, I wouldn't wish that upon anybody.
I got hit with a slap shot
and it shattered my whole bone off my lip,
my upper lip.
And, you know,
it put a hole through my mouthpiece,
a big hole.
Like it was unbelievable.
I felt like I got hit with a sledgehammer.
And I'll tell you right now,
I had some balls, but after once I got healthy and got back in
the lineup you know it would you know well tippy-toe me here on the net and
that's what I knew it's time to retire because if you have tippy-toe me here
on the net and you're a little you know flinch every time a puck comes in you
know it's not good it's not good but yeah that's sock man that was like three
or four surgeries
after that you know just to get everything done it took about three years to finally get it all
settled it's just it's just incredible you play your style the immovable object in front of the
net for 20 years and the last season you're like are you fisting me this is actually when it's
gonna happen yeah i look like a white trash hillbilly there
for for a few years afterwards didn't look too great so but oh well puck went in the net but i
wasn't worth it i'll tell you that much keith in 2002 you got to uh you know go to the olympics
you won a silver medal in salt lake city and you got to play for the late great herb brooks uh can
you tell us what that experience was like? Yeah, it was unbelievable.
He was such a great guy.
I mean, you watch the movie and you see that he was a hard, hard, you know, hard on guys.
He was the complete opposite of that.
You know, I'm glad I had the opportunity to play for him.
And also Johnny Cunoff and Johnny, you know, both those guys are old school guys, but they
were great guys to be around.
I'm glad I had that experience.
He was so good to us.
He wanted us to succeed.
You're always worried about getting a guy who hasn't been coaching
for a long time to come in and coach a bunch of guys
who play at a high level in the National Hockey League.
It was great.
It was a great experience.
We won a silver medal there there just ran out of steam against uh you know canada and that was a tough one but uh it was a
great experience playing for him well better than the uh japanese experience in japan a few years
before that huh yeah we don't get into that one i didn't think so one i have one more if i keep
late in your career i forget if it was your last season or the second to last,
you came within a whisker of getting traded to the Bruins.
If I'm not mistaken, you were actually on the way to the airport.
For whatever reason, the deal fell apart.
Now, growing up, you worshipped Cam Neely.
As everybody knows, you modeled your game after him, grew up a Bruins fan.
All these years later, does it sting at all just a little bit that you came so close to playing for your hometown team and it didn't happen, or is it it just like yeah i've had enough positive stuff it's not a big deal yeah you know what i
wanted to go there and i thought i was going to get traded there i had the option of waving my
little trade and i actually waved it and um but the last second things fell apart and you know
it would have been a great you know a dream come true because yeah i mean i grew up you know loving
the bruins guys you know terry o're'Reilly, obviously, Cam Haley,
who I modeled my game after, Ray Bork, you know, Ricky Middleton,
so many guys, and it was a great sports town.
But, you know, it didn't happen, but I got a chance to play in the old garden
and the new TD Bank, and so it's always fun going back there and playing.
But, you know, I'm pretty happy where I played.
Yeah, you always brought a pretty good crowd into the Old Garden, too,
when Winnipeg came to town.
That would have been the only down.
I'm sure they were sold out.
Oh, my God. Jesus Christ.
After all the games. Puddles.
Ride homes to the hotel at 6 in the morning during blizzards.
No kidding.
Keith, we don't want to take too much of your time time we know it's a big weekend for you and your family uh good luck to your kid tomorrow at
the draft uh once again hope he gets drafted by the yotes so we can see you around town maybe we
could even bring you in as a as a radio color guy help me out a little bit hey i'm you're gonna
build it brady if that's the case but you're building it we're gonna to bill it Brady if that's the case, bud. You're billing it. We're going to go for it. I'm down for it.
We appreciate your time for coming on.
Tell the kids we'll have them on, especially Brady after he gets drafted.
And thanks again for joining us.
I appreciate it, guys.
Take care.
Thanks for having me.
Big thanks once again to Big Walt Kachuk.
Great chatting with him.
A guy I've known for almost my whole life.
I don't get to see him much anymore, so it was great to catch up.
He gave us some fantastic quotes, as he always did when he played.
So big thanks to Walt.
One other huge story we didn't get to yet, Barry Trotz to the Islanders.
Talk about an organization kind of revitalizing itself.
You know, Lula Amaral and Barry Trotz on that squad.
Now, what do you think, Wits?
Are they going to start to turn around a little bit or what?
It all depends on if 91's back or not.
And they're making these plays to try to make sure it gets done.
And saw some rumblings on Twitter that there could be some good news
for the Islanders involving Tavares.
So we'll see.
I mean, Lula Amaral has obviously gone in,
made some immediate changes that we talked about last episode.
This is a big one.
Trotz, what happened, I don't know if people kind of understood.
By the way, I got this one right.
I think I said a while back that Trotz was gone, even if they won the cup,
because somebody tweeted me.
I forgot.
Somebody said, that was the only thing you got right this whole NHL season.
So I got to give you some credit.
So I had to pump my own tires.
But they had pretty much decided they were gonna go with uh Todd Reardon I don't know have they named
him officially at the Capitals not officially okay so I think that's gonna happen uh now if
it doesn't I'm back to being a joke but so Trotz when they won the cup he had a something in his
contract that said he would get a two-year extension and i believe his
his salary would go from 1.5 million to 1.8 is that is that do you guys know if that's right
it was a 300 000 increase yes if he won the cup so he was going from 1.5 to 1.8 but of course
since he signed that contract quenville and babcock signed their big money deals so you know
now he's going to make 1.8 and fucking quinny just signed for 2-4 for
the ranges a guy who's first year in the league so he was kind of like no i want you know i want
what's commensurate with with my with my resume and i think washington was just content to let
him go at that point yeah and i think that they probably tried to maybe work out a deal but maybe
not and now you're hearing that the islanders have signed him for five years and around 20 million. So it's incredible the money that the coaches can make nowadays.
And Babcock kind of started that with the 7 million per year.
Oh, my God.
Did you guys see Commodore's new driver head cover?
I did.
That's amazing.
He's walking around Whisper Rock with a Babcock with a piece of poop emoji on the back of it oh my god call me your
beauty so the money for coaches is different now uh but the islanders it still comes down to the
virus so uh lamorello also lamorello i i saw barzell already cut his hair because that's such
bullshit why why like dude give it up i meanuk saying he likes the short hair that is old school but
god i can't grow out his hair and other people have asked me whitney whitney is barzella man
rocket i need your i need your approval is he an official man rocket my statement on that i'm not
ready to give him man rocket yet i i there's a couple things i'm not exactly sure about good
looking man rocket i don't know brooks kept the u.s open winner that's a man rocket biz how does
barzell up in person?
Is that Man Rocket-ish or are we not there yet?
Like I think.
Yeah, I was out with all those rookies at the racetrack.
And yeah, he's a stud.
So is that Besser kid.
Oh, Besser.
Besser.
That is a handsome prick.
That guy.
That guy.
There's no question for me on that guy.
Barzell still has a little to prove.
I agree.
And going back to the Isles, I mean, for John Traveris,
I think that everyone's aware that he can go get paid anywhere.
But when you're making that substantial amount of money,
you're willing to take maybe a million dollars less a year
where you're going to be in an environment where you're winning
and it's fun, probably living in a place, let's say california would be a little bit more uh more tempting than staying on
the island but the moves that the islanders have made in the last few months have it had to come
to that they had to make those moves in order to prove to taveras that things were going to change
that they prepare to do things and bring guys to help them succeed and make it a winning
environment where he is in fact having fun so hey if if he ends up staying I think that you you need
to credit the the changes that the changes that they have made and if he doesn't then hey at least
they gave it a shot I know busy mentioned a few minutes ago about Keith Kachuk at 538 NHL goals.
You know, guys, as you get older, I don't know if anyone tells you,
it does get tougher to score as you get older.
Over 25 of new ED cases are guys under 40.
It's something that creeps up on you a little bit.
Sex performance issues aren't things that guys like to talk about.
But here on Spitting Chicklets, we're an open podcast,
and we want guys to feel comfortable.
Even the world's greatest actor can't fake a woodrowrow so why do guys turn to weird solutions when they can turn
to medicine instead forhims.com is a one-stop shop for hair loss skin care sexual wellness for men
i've tried this stuff out you got an experiment you get a little older and it does the trick man
again when you get older these things are problems no one ties you when you're a kid but when you're
an old guy getting that soldier's salute can be a bit of an issue.
So HIMSS connects you with real doctors and medical-grade solutions to treat ED.
No snake oil pills or gas station counter supplements.
They're prescription solutions backed by science.
There's no waiting rooms, no doctor visits, no co-pays, no lines.
You just go to 4himss.com.
Super easy.
Answer a few questions.
Chat with a doctor for a confidential review.
Products shipped directly to your door. It's not just a problem for rich old guys. This is
something that affects young guys. Again, no one likes to talk about it, but we will here to make
you feel comfortable here on Spitting Chicklets. And being your best means performing your best.
No doctor's visits. It's erectile without the dysfunction. Hard made easy. Say hello to your
little friend. Try HIMS for a month today
for just 5. We'll get you started for just five bucks while supplies last. See website for full
details. This would cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or a pharmacy. Go to 4hims.com
slash hockey. That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S.com slash hockey. 4hims.com slash hockey for hims.com slash hockey starts going again.
So, yeah. So anyways, the trots to the aisles,
I think it's a great move for the organization. I mean, you know,
God snow is a well-liked guy,
but he hadn't really gotten a lot of success there in the last 15 years and
probably time for a new leadership in the front office.
And you can't get much more legit than Lou and a coach who just won the cup.
So as far as legitimizing the franchise, they definitely did that.
And like Witts alluded to, it's all about keeping Tavares now.
But if you're an Isles fan, you're feeling a lot better today than you were a month ago.
They're doing everything they can.
That's all you can really ask.
I mean, in the end, it's up to the JT.
But they're actually making a real play to try to prove to him that they're in it to win it.
So you got to give them credit.
And if you're a fan, you're to him that they're in it to win it so you got to give them credit and if
you're a fan you're thrilled with everything they're doing boys what what a what a fun episode
and as we get ready for the nhl entry draft i'm sure we're gonna have a lot of things to talk
about next week and see where what kids went where and i'm sure there's gonna be some fireworks come
draft day because with the new salary cap well i wouldn't say new salary cap, there's always things moving and shaking around draft day.
Absolutely.
Like we said before, the draft has kind of become almost, excuse me,
like the new deadline, trade deadline.
A lot more action seems to go on.
Also, we got new hats on the website, too.
We got some new spit and chiclets lids.
We got our Stepbrother shirt featuring YouTube goons, biz and wits,
which is perfectly done.
Grab that if you haven't yet.
Make sure you check out the new stuff.
We got a lot more still coming. We're going to probably
quiet down a little in the summer, but we're definitely
going to be firing off some new
merch over the next several months.
Everyone, I saw people like,
oh, these are flat brim hats. No, you can
curve the lids. They're not flat brims.
You can curve the brims.
Get the hat and look
great in it and curve it if you want to.
Wear it flat if you want.
I mean, it depends.
You don't love seeing old guys with a flat brim hat.
It is a little goofy.
You can curve it.
So curve it.
Buy it.
It's sick.
I love that lid.
Can we get a couple for free or do I have to buy them too?
No, we got a few en route.
Oh, by the way, things were cold.
I am in fuego right now gambling, boys.
It is all turned, and I knew it would.
Remember I said never quit, never quit, never quit.
It'll change.
It's back.
The fuck you bet in baseball?
Day baseball.
I am dummying day baseball.
Today I had the Red Sox to win minus one and a half, minus two and a half.
They win eight, nothing.
Now I'm sitting here recording, just counting it. So everyone that said i'm a mush and a loser when you're winning at some point
you're going to lose and when you're losing at some point you're going to win so i'm back
and i'm not a mush anymore just wait till hockey season starts and then it'll be back
so lay off me boys one thing we forgot to mention probably the biggest news in all of hockey
coyotes tomorrow at the draft party i'm going not a big deal myself and clayton keller
will be revealing the coyotes new third jersey oh so i just wanted to end on that note probably
the biggest news in all of hockey i can't believe we almost forgot it so uh good luck to us coyotes
because i'm part of the team and uh we'll uh see you guys next week. Alright, boys. Anything else? Wits? Grinnelly?
No, I got nothing. I had 42 putts in a round and didn't get into the mass.
It's really bad if you're a golfer.
If you know, 42 putts is really, really
fucking bad, so that sucked.
That's where I'm at right now, but I'm
getting ready for my Scotland trip.
Summer's rolling, boys. This is
just great. It was nice talking to you guys.
Thanks to Big Walt. What a legend. This is just great. So it was nice talking to you guys. Thanks to Big Walt.
What a legend.
That's old school.
Him calling kids nerds was one of the funniest things we ever heard.
You know he was probably torturing nerds in his day in the locker room.
So good luck to Brady.
And thanks for joining in.
Thanks for listening as always.
I love you guys.
Buy a hat.
Buy a hat.
Good night need money.
