Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode is brought to you by Quip.
When it comes to your health, brushing your teeth is one of the most important parts of your day.
Don't be like Biz and have nasty old teeth that you never brush.
Quip knows that they've combined dentistry and design to make a better electric toothbrush.
Quip is new, the new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibrations
through a slimmer design at a fraction of the cost of bulkier traditional electric brushes.
Quip also comes with a mount that suctions right to your mirror
and unsticks to use as a cover for hygienic travel anywhere.
It's easy to bring in your bag. It's not a pain in the ass.
Whether it's going in your gym bag or your carry-on for a trip with the fellas.
And because the thing that cleans your mouth
should also be clean,
Quip's subscription plan refreshes your brush
on a dentist-recommended schedule,
delivering new brush heads every three months
for just 5, including free shipping worldwide.
Most toothbrushes don't get named
one of Time Magazine's Best Inventions of the Year.
Time Magazine, it's a big magazine.
To be named an Invention of the Year by them
is actually no joke.
But Quip did.
Find out for yourself why they did.
Quip starts at just 25,
and if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets right now,
you'll get your first refill pack free
with a Quip electric toothbrush.
That's your first refill pack free
at getquip.com slash chicklets.
G-E-T-Q-U-I-P dot com slash chicklets. Go there now.
Hello, everyone. Welcome to episode Thomas Holmstrom of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Whitney already spoiled Pavel a few weeks back. Say hello to the boys, Mikey Grinelli, our producer.
He's over here setting up, so I'll say hello for him.
Hello, gentlemen, I'm a little Italian fuck. Ah, Mikey Grinelli, right here.
Our boy Paul Biznasty, Bissin' It, somewhere out in the western part of the continent.
Hello, boys.
That was creepy.
And our boy Ryan Whitney, and he has a couple of guests with him.
Who are you with over there?
I'm with Kevin Hayes.
He's a restricted free agent.
I play for the New York Rangers this year.
We will talk about that in a little bit.
And we're with Keith Yandel, stud defensive from Florida Panthers.
Name the worst name in the little bit. And we're with Keith Yandel, stud defensive from Florida Panthers. Name the worst name in the English language.
Keith.
Access granted.
So, Biz and Et played with Keith.
Hazy and Keith played together in the Rangers.
I never played with anyone here but Biz, so that doesn't really count because he never
played.
So, it's all of us hanging, and it's going to be a good one.
So, what's going on, boys?
What's up, bud?
You guys hitting the links today or what?
It was an absolute joke of a day.
Well, Kev, like Witt said, you're a restricted free agent.
How are the contract talks progressing?
Well, quickly, I'm going to interrupt.
Kevin, there was rumors about it all upon the city of Boston.
This is a guy who walks around with the grossest feet in the city,
but he walks around very quickly.
He's all over the place.
I hear he's getting traded.
All of a sudden, I saw a little tweet from Kevin Hayes this weekend
of the Leonardo DiCaprio speech in Wolf of Wall Street
when he said, I ain't fucking leaving.
So that was Kevin's description or exclamation that he's staying a Ranger.
We'll be seeing him in the red, white, and blue
until he gets traded because I just might.
All right. I guess you going to do? All right.
I guess you're a spokesperson now.
But actually, the big name out there right now, no one's dragged him down yet.
John Tavares.
Everyone's been talking about him every day.
He's meeting with a handful of teams.
What do you think, Wits?
You think he stays on the island or what?
I know we've been talking.
I feel like we've been talking about him for a month, but this is the way it's been going.
I think he's crazy if he stays there, to be honest with you. I know I don't like saying to be honest, but this time I really am.
Because, listen, it's all about winning for him.
We've said before he's going to get whatever he wants in money.
It's all about winning.
So why would you stay with DeAndre?
They don't have a goalie.
And people talk about Lula Amorello's there and they got a new coach.
They're going to have a new GM, all that.
Well, those guys don't play.
They're in suits 200 feet above the ice chirping guys when they make mistakes.
So I don't really understand where the Islanders will go.
I respect him being very loyal if that is what he does.
But I have a weird feeling we could end up seeing him on Maple Leaf,
which would be a little scary for the league.
Biz, what do you have on that before we go to the current players?
We have to deal with them.
Well, let me just say this. John Tra this john travers unbelievable guy uh party with him a
few times you don't know him you don't know him i know i i don't know him well but every time i met
him he's been super nice to me so i'm like yes i'm like i'm like give me the follow on the gram
anyway but now saying that since all this has been going down, I am fucking so jealous of this guy.
He gets to go to these meetings.
They're probably like, hey, what do you want for lunch?
He's probably calling a Nobu Sushi.
He's got the green light on any credit card.
They probably PJ'd him in, staying at Four Seasons.
Are all the meetings in Toronto, by the way?
I think they all went to see him.
They were in LA, weren't they?
Yeah, they went to see him, dude.
He didn't go to the city.
Jesus Christ, Biz.
Oh, shit.
Okay, all right.
Well, even better.
So he got to stay put.
He probably just fucking Uber-helicopted around with their credit card just for the fun of it.
But, man, I kind of wish I could go back in time, actually train and put down the booze,
and be put in a situation where I could
fucking interview teams about taking me.
That's a fucking joke.
You think if you put the bottle down for a summer, you'd be having JT discussions?
Dude, you would have had to get a new bottle made of Superman stuff and put down the usual
booze bottle and gotten a new pair of hands and a new pair of feet via surgery to even
be considered.
You don't have the Michaelael jordan stuff give me two summers give me two summers give me give me uh two summers of trading was training with sydney crosby i bet you i'd get
back in the league well it's not it's not a stretch to think he might double his salary too
i mean he only made five and a half only five and a half last year. I mean, look at what Ilya Kovalev
just signed for. Six and a quarter.
He's 35 years old. Three-year deal with the
Kings. I mean, whoever signs
the virus, he's got to be looking at at least, what,
fucking 10 million anyways, no? Minimum.
Minimum. Yeah.
You think of minimum, Keith? Yeah.
Quickly, Hazy. I don't want to
get him involved with tampering here.
He ain't going to Florida.
No, don't chirp.
He's just not going there.
But, Hazy, your Ranger Islanders, you know the rivalry.
What's it like playing against him?
What makes him so good?
So we only play against him twice, but he's impossible to defend.
You saw those goals he scored this year.
But, yeah, I mean, he's making 10 minimum.
If I had to guess, it's either the Islanders or San Jose, I think.
You think he's going to the Sharks?
Yeah, I do.
I mean, they're nasty, and I heard they have a ton of cap.
I heard he  I don't really know him at all, but he's a low-key guy.
It's a low-key organization.
This might be a dumb question.
Is Joe Thornton up for contract this summer?
Yeah, he is.
Jumbo's my guy.
I think Jumbo was probably in that meeting,
just a hunch.
And he might take a lot less money
if they can somehow lure him in,
because I think Joe Thornton's made, what,
like 150 fucking million in his career?
And he probably just wants to put his name on the cup,
so he's like, hey, he's going to wait to make his decision
based on what Traveris does.
If he doesn't come over, I say that Thornton's like, hey, he's going to wait to make his decision based on what Traveris does. If he doesn't come over,
I say that Thornton's like, okay, well now I want
my seven. Is that how I say his name? Traveris?
Is it Tavares or Tavares?
Travares?
Oh, fuck, I'm going to be getting ripped for
saying his name wrong.
You're saying different things. Tavares?
Travares.
Tavares, not Tra.
More than a woman.
Yeah, but we don't really get shit right on this podcast.
Names, numbers, stats.
We're not big on that.
Anyway, I think that Joe Thornton is going to wait to see what he does.
And if Tavares comes over, I think Big Joe is going to take a little bit of a pay cut.
What do you think, Keith?
I actually hate to agree with you, but I think that sounds a little bit like it makes some sense.
But I think it's either San Jose or Florida.
Florida's in the mix?
Well, hopefully after this show he is, and I'll PJ out there to see him.
Yeah, and Biz will be like, oh, the team's paid for you to PJ.
Actually, quick funny story about Biz. I did an ad for Spitting Chickens the other day for Drink Aid,
which is a thing you drink to not get hung over.
First text I get from Biz, dude, that was a great ad.
What are they paying us for that?
I was like, I don't know, dude.
That's up to the ad department.
I don't know.
He's like, oh, that's fine.
I'm just looking to find out.
Yeah, but we're starting to add him to the stories now.
Yeah, exactly.
I feel like I kind of crushed that story, too.
We're monetizing the fuck out of our account.
That's how you make the dough.
I know we didn't make Keith money, but we might start making Keith money.
I'm in a Keith house right now, and it's made out of Keith money.
Hazy, what are you hoping to get, Hazy?
Like 3 million a year?
What?
Dude, he has 28 goals this year.
Oh, my God.
He can't even answer it.
I'll answer it for him.
He'll make at least five a year.
Three million, Biz.
I'll give him five of mine.
He's not fighting every night.
Hey, Keith, give us a bit.
What was it like to play with Biz?
I did at the beginning.
You were with him for a while.
Yeah, I mean, I was seeing it all from him.
I mean, literally, first day into the shower, he's like,
Yeah, what's up, dude? Can I live with you?
I'm like, Hey, I'm Keith. Nice to meet you.
And then, yeah, obviously didn't let him live with me because I'm not a complete mutant.
No, honestly, Biz is probably like top 300 favorite teammates.
I got a story for you, Fox and Hazy.
You can attest to this because you play with your hands.
I'm shocked that I'm actually friends with this guy because of this story.
So speaking of showers, this fucking guy, you know how the team supplies you razors
and they're those big plastic blue razors with the one blade in it?
You bring them home.
You like steal them all.
Prison razors.
No, I would never.
I wouldn't give one to my worst enemy.
Keith, with that big thick beard he has right now, he would fucking use those on his face.
And my jaw dropped when I was in the shower.
I couldn't believe my eyes.
And I asked him, I said, I'm like, you use those things? things like did you forget your razor and he's like no and and this guy's just
going at his face without doing it carefully then the worst part about it is this fucking guy once
he's done his face he goes right down to his junk and he finishes off with his junk which is a two
two stroke penalty because one he's using one of those one blade bick razors to shave his junk which i mean
clearly he doesn't care about his dick and and sack and two the motherfucker shaving his nutsack
in the team shower that's got to be some sort of fine but i'm not doing it at my house how is that
a fine dude i mean that's the team by the way it's usually the visitor's room who cares about
the other team's arena it's like shaving your chest at a hotel.
It looks like you shaved the teddy bear and then you leave it there.
We're going to have to get feedback from the fans on this about shaving your nutsack.
Yeah, people are going to decide to shave their nutsack in a visiting arena.
Let's voice a reason, Hazy.
Hey, so Keith was, what are you, a year and a half with us?
I swear to God, whenever I saw Keith or Mark Stahl, they would team up. Whenever I saw them coming in the shower, I would get out of the shower,
wait for them to finish, and go back in because they would just torture me in the shower.
Because I have this hair on my lower back.
Oh, you got a little soul patch in your back there?
Why won't he shave?
Oh, you got a little soul patch in your back there?
Why won't he shave?
Me and Stalzi call it the ass toque because it looks like his ass has a winter hat on and Canadians call it a toque.
So it's an ass toque.
It looks like a welcome mat on the back of his like.
No joke.
They would come into the shower.
I'd see Stalzi come in and I would say, all right, this will be fine.
This will be fine.
And then I hear a stupid voice coming in being like, what's up, boys i'd be like all right i'm out here i would literally stand outside of the shower
shampooing your hair you're like i'm fucking out until they finished and then one of them would
leave and they would fake leave and i'd get back in the shower and they come running back into the
shower and i'm like this is fucking brutal and it literally went on for the whole year and you want to know another shower story is i'd be putting on my clothes
because this guy would be getting rubbed down for 10 hours and i would be one of the last to leave
the rink and i'd be walking out with my street clothes on after my shower and he'd be like no
you have to take your clothes off and come shower with me because i need someone to talk to so i'd
have to get undressed and go in the fucking shower and
watch this guy shave his nuts with a one-bit
razor. He still does that in the summers.
Still.
I'll be rushing to a tea time.
Those are some of the best conversations you've ever had.
I'd literally rather get
donkey kicked in the nuts than take a
shower by myself.
Alright, how do you feel about this?
I'm just entertained by it all.
Like I said, I never really had the, I mean, my locker room experience was fucking basketball
in high school about 30 years ago.
So I didn't, you know, you guys, it is funny though, because like, I don't think people
realize how much time you guys actually do spend in the shower.
When you accumulate all the time, all the road trips, all the time you guys actually do spend in the shower when you accumulate all the time all the road
trips all the time you spend together you probably spend more time in the shower than your significant
other no doubt in college it's funny in college when everyone went by me and all they covered up
everything except for their wrench and i named every single guy on bu by his wrench too oh yeah
they covered up their feet and everything else i was was like, Sully, Roachie,
Diamond, Offiero,
just naming them. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
You're like, oh, you tried to throw me off
with the shave job.
I'm like, oh, yeah, dude.
You have a covered wagon. That's a Canadian.
Oh, you grew up your floozy to try to
tick me. No, it's bad. It's the locker room
talk. The locker room talk.
Yeah, it's forced to get transplanted.
Just to fucking try to throw you off.
Just to ruin your own life.
Who's got the biggest
wrench among you guys? You play a bit.
Who historically, out of the
legends, who's got the biggest
history? Taylor Pyatt, a weapon.
Hey, on three.
I know who you're gonna say,
but me and Biz.
One, two, three.
Hanky.
Hey.
Lundquist?
Lundquist?
Oh, that motherfucker.
That guy.
Oh, God.
These handsome guys get it all, man.
Now, wasn't Jim McKenzie like that fighter from long ago?
Wasn't he supposedly like the biggest schlong ever?
Who wants to come on the podcast?
Apparently, I think Donor told me about this guy.
He said he has a fucking baby's arm holding another baby's arm.
They said it was so big he used to show all the wives.
Hey, the old Rolex around the wrist.
Hey, you see me?
Yeah.
Holy shit. I think we hitDemony watch. Yeah. Holy shit.
I think we hit our cock talk limit.
Yeah, I was going to say,
this is a hockey podcast,
and there actually was a pretty significant trade
since our last show.
Carolina sent Noah Hannafin and Elias Lintone.
Man Rocket, Noah Hannafin.
Agreed.
Agreed.
Handsome as shit.
And he just got a sleeve tat,
which makes him even hotter.
I know. that makes you
well no
you stay as hot as you are
but it brings in a different
demographic of chicks
that are like
oh tattoo guy
I'm gonna whack him
but he's absolutely yoked
and he's a man rocket
and he's
tatted up
and he's
fifth overall pick
we're gonna have to get
the scouting report
on his dick
I'll give it to you
what about his dick, though?
All right, so going back, we'll take that take two.
Again, Noah Hannafin, Elias Lindholm to Calgary.
Going back to Carolina, his Dougie Hamilton traded yet again.
Michael Furland in the defensive prospect, Adam Fox, who plays at Harvard.
Going back to Carolina.
Huge trade.
Like I said, this is the second time Dougie Hamilton's been traded,
and his GM said, we want guys who want to be here,
so you start to wonder what kind of stink is around him.
And Noah Hannafin, which we talk about the show all the time,
about holding on to your defensive prospects as long as you can.
Don't let them go too early.
What do you make of the trade?
I mean, yeah, I think Noah's unreal.
He went fifth overall for a reason and um i think
calgary kind of kind of won that trade uh that prospect though fox is is pretty sick uh i think
he's a long island kid uh he ran world juniors he ran that usa power play and and uh he's a he's a
pretty no he's a pretty sick prospect uh i don't know about this kid? Easy Bob McKenzie.
No, I'm serious, though.
Who's his high school coach?
He's a stud, and I think he's going to end up being a big
if Carolina is to win that trade, he'll be a big part of it.
I mean, does it feel like they gave up on Hannafin too early
or they just didn't want to deal with his contract fight?
I don't think they wanted to pay him.
I don't think they wanted to pay him.
He's going to make some big bucks. I don't think they wanted to pay him. I don't think they wanted to pay him. He's going to make some big bucks.
I don't think they wanted to pay him.
Now, by the way, we've talked about the new owner there
doesn't want to pay the scouts cell phone bills.
So he doesn't want to pay a good defenseman big time money,
five, six million a year.
Is that a true story?
Dude, true story.
Apparently the guy's like,
I don't need to pay the scouts cell phone bills.
And why do scouts need to be scouting at the game?
They can watch from TV. So he's trying to like change the game that's gonna that's gonna be a disaster i
don't know about that i'm down with the cell phone bills because i'm a cheap fuck but holy shit i
mean you're like we pay we pay for my cell phone bill i'll bring you up in every spit and check
this podcast um so think about dougie hamilton though like that's a good player that for some
reason i don't know I don't know him,
but there's obviously something that's off with him.
I don't know if it's the locker room, away from the ice, on the ice.
But for a guy to be that good and two teams are like, all right, see you later,
it's just odd to see.
So there's obviously something there where teams get sick of him
or he gets sick of being there and makes us think.
So it's kind of odd to see a player that good get traded twice this young
in his career.
I think it's a good move to, I mean, sell him high, right?
Because last year he had such a good year.
I think he had what?
I think he might have had close to 15 goals, maybe over that.
I think he did.
I definitely think Calgary wins this trade.
Hannafin's solidified himself as a
top four defenseman in the NHL
with this Fox kid. I know
he's a stud, but you still
don't know if it's going to transfer over
to the NHL. So it's still a little bit
of a gamble. If he pans out,
then I guess
a lot of the weight of this trade is going to depend on
if he pans out. Yeah, I mean, Hannafin
was an all-star last year.
He's a stud. Yeah, I think he had
10 goals, 22 assists,
I believe. Let me do the old hockey TV.
It wasn't the coast like you went to an all-star
game in the coast.
I went to two all-star games
in the coast. Hey, what was your gift?
What was your gift at those? They give you like a triple-A
discount card? No, they give them nothing.
Hey, true story. At the time, the owner for the Wheeling at those? They give you like a triple A discount card? No, they give them nothing.
Hey, true story.
At the time, the owner for the Wheeling Nailers, like their family had a bunch
of money and they PJ'd me
out there with them all the way to Boise,
Idaho to go to my first
what?
Same plane as like Major League when they're like,
oh, is this us? No, you're coming up here.
Bust with the wings.
Hannafin's, he's still only 21 years old.
He's very young.
I mean, he hasn't even blossomed yet.
I think his best days are ahead of him.
Again, like you said, it's going back to Hamilton.
You know, there's something odd there.
A weird stat, too, I noticed.
They said that Noah Hannafin had the same amount of points after his first three years
as Dougie Hamilton after his first three years,
which just a coincidental stat.
But yeah,
this is one,
obviously it's going to hinge probably on how Adam Fox turns out.
If he turns out to be a stud,
then,
you know,
this is a,
a trade will probably be best,
best graded later.
And not to pump my own teas,
but he did have 10 goals and 22 assists last season.
So lick my balls.
Yeah.
No one, no one even questioned it.
Asked.
But I also think with that trade
too, it's, I mean, you're trading two good
D-men. It's kind of a one-on-one trade, so
it all depends on how both of them do, but
I think it
would be good for both of them, I think.
Yeah, I just, it all
depends on Fox. That's the good way to look at it.
It's just, it's crazy to see that this is when trades happen.
This is the exciting time of the year.
So hopefully we get some more of them so we have shit to talk about.
Biz, I have a quick question.
Looking at you right now in this shirt, what did you do?
What did you do today so far?
Like you look, what is it out there?
6.30?
Yeah, I went to, I went to OEA.
What have you done today?
Okay, time out.
From the minute you woke up tell
us your whole day i want to know your day today uh well i i did a lot of uh business stuff this
morning you guys are gonna make fun of me that's what i want to know what the fuck is your business
stuff well i found us another sponsor for the podcast uh it's gonna be a a company i i can't
talk about it on air because it's still like like a non-disclosed kind of thing.
But they want me
to do a couple infomercials for them
personally and then also I'm going to
have the guy on the podcast come tell his very
cool story about this company he started
and he's going to buy AdRead.
So fucking hooray for us. Money in our pocket.
Good job. So what did you do since then?
Well, then
I usually spend four hours
of my day at this uh this new gym that i signed up for that apparently you guys knew that there's
a bunch of them i didn't know that but it's called equinox and this place is like a strip club on
steroids with the fittest women you've ever seen in your life all working on glute exercises so i
basically just sit there and drool all day. It's all about the glutes.
Oh, they got the band work going.
They have personal trainers there.
I stretch there for probably two hours a day.
I'm as limber as I've ever been right now,
and it's a very special place.
You got to get the world membership where you can,
if you're traveling with the Coyotes or whatever,
you can go to the Equinox in that city.
We ran into an Equinox in Soho, me, Vese, and Brady Shea.
Man Rocket, Brady Shea, Man Rocket.
You guys signed up or did they give you guys free memberships?
No, no, listen, man.
I'm trying to tell a story.
I'm getting excited.
But yeah, Brady Shea is my number one Man Rocket for sure in the whole NHL, I think.
Yeah, Brady Shea is my number one man rocket for sure in the whole NHL, I think.
But so we walk in and we have no idea if we can, hey, here's 25.
Can we come in for the day?
We have no idea.
Luckily, our boy Jerry was there.
He noticed who we were.
Huge Rangers fan.
He's like, hey, you guys can come whenever you want.
Thinking that we weren't going to come that often.
And we were like, all right, sounds good. Got his number.
Literally went for the next two weeks. It was right after the season staying in shape obviously and you guys brought lawn chairs
and just sat there with street clothes on and so cool or so no no and so we we're having this huge
debate there the three of us because there there is absolute like smokes just walking around this
gym and and it's like you're never going to see these people ever again. And I heard that it's not kosher to go up to a girl at the gym.
I would never do that in a million years.
When's there a gym police?
No, our big debate was do you think it's okay?
Do you think it's okay to go introduce yourself,
not creepily at Equinox, but go say hello to someone and be like hey
we should go get drinks but i only would walk up with brady shay though because
there's no way i'm gonna say no to him yeah send him over uh okay so here's the good news about me
joining the vancouver one i've been told by people to join it so i'll run into like hot girls that
are like dating my buddies so like so like when you're like talking to other girls at this gym, automatically
it's like surrounding yourself with girls at the bar where like girls are like, okay,
these guys aren't creep.
They have girls around as opposed to you.
We didn't have, we, a, we didn't go up to anyone cause we debated it the whole time.
Nor did we have any girls with us in there.
Their bar goes on.
Yeah.
I mean, I definitely have to evaluate the situation.
If I was getting like, I fucked and I'd be like, Hey, what's up? Like, have we ever met? had their bar clothes on yeah i mean guys i would definitely have to evaluate the situation if i was
getting like i fucked and i'd be like hey what's up like have we ever met that's a good lead-in
but i definitely have you done this before you look like my future ex-wife have you seen my
halloween tattoo on my forearm hey uh do you like foreskin or not i'm just gonna i'm just gonna
throw it with you i Weigh your options.
But now let me go back to the first time.
I was recommended to go there, so I stroll in.
You've got to meet with a fucking real estate agent to sign up all your membership stuff.
But she's like, let me give you a walkthrough. We walked up the stairs.
I'm like, okay, good.
Where do I sign?
I didn't even go to these different class areas.
I was like sniffing the bench seats after fucking reps.
And she's like, sir, I think we should go sign the paperwork.
Did you, be honest, did you try to finagle a little off the membership?
Here's an even crazier story.
The girl who was signing me up when we went back downstairs she's like oh like we've
like partied together and and i don't i i believe that i had a crazy night in victoria one time and
i believe that we'd you know i don't need to explain the rest so the girl signing me up
and and so she's like i'm gonna give me you 100 extra because you were two minutes. I did not try to finagle her because I believe I'd already finagled her.
Nice.
Oh, that doesn't show.
I'll just leave it at that.
Now, I may be wrong, but she said it like, oh, yeah, like we've partied before.
And I'm like, oh, God, that night?
Oof.
Okay, well, there's a fair chance that, yes, we've swapped saliva.
Nice.
Tonsil hawk.
Anyway, so, yeah, that's all I got.
Boys, boys, boys, before we continue,
I need to tell you that this podcast is brought to you by Tommy John.
Tommy John, the men's and women's cool cotton underwear,
keeps you two to three times cooler.
Two to three times?
No joke.
And dries four to five times faster than normal cotton.
No more swamp ass.
Swamp butt, you know what it's called.
It's the worst thing in the world, especially come summer.
Your old nasty, trashy cotton boxers don't stand a chance against the summer heat and humidity.
It's disgusting, especially here in Boston.
But Tommy John's cool cotton underwear made with quick-drying, moisture-wicking fabrics will keep you dry.
I promise you that.
It's the best pair you'll ever wear, or it's a free guarantee.
If Tommy John isn't the most incredible you've ever experienced, it's on them.
That's legit. They'll send you some. If you don't't the most incredible you've ever experienced, it's on them. That's legit.
They'll send you some.
If you don't like it, they'll give you your money back.
That's not a big deal right there at all.
But if you're a little soggy and damp in the summer,
our friends at Tommy John call that the swamp ass, like I said,
and they're on a mission to eliminate it once and for all.
Cool cotton fabric dries four to five times faster, like I told you guys.
And just like that, Tommy John underwear is cool cotton,
and it never rides up.
Be the perfect place the entire time.
Plus, all Tommy John underwear is backed by the best hair
you ever wear or it's free.
I've told you that once, now I have to tell you again.
Stick it to sweaty season with the cool cotton from Tommy John.
No ifs, ands, ors, swamp buts.
Hurry to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets
for 20 off your first order.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off. TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off your first order. That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off.
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets.
All right, another thing I want to get into after all the Equinox talk,
the new Jim Biz didn't know about.
It's been around for 15 years.
Golds.
Rick Nash.
Both of these guys play with him in New York.
Said today that he's not sure if he'll even be playing next year.
So we know he had some concussion issues before he got one with the Bruins.
I know both you guys are real tight with him.
So what kind of guy is he?
What has he meant to you guys when you've played with him?
And what's kind of going on with his health, you think?
First of all, yeah, I love Nasher.
He's one of my all-time favorites.
He's a good golfer.
Yeah, really good.
I got a good golf story after.
Nice!
But yeah, I remember the one in...
No, yeah, great guy.
Unbelievable player.
I really, really hope he plays.
You know, even if it's not in Florida, somewhere else,
I just think his presence in the league is awesome.
I think he's a...
Phoenix has a meeting with him.
Two-hour long meeting.
Skype.
Yeah, no, he's a great guy.
Yeah, I just really hope he plays again just because I love him.
Yeah, Nash is  I probably have a list of five people
that are all the same on my list, and he's definitely on that list.
He's an unbelievable guy.
Who's your list?
It's a tough one.
Oh, Keith didn't make it.
It's awkward.
Keith didn't make the list.
Keith is one, easily.
Nasher's 1A.
Johnny Hockey is three.
I've never met him or partied with him.
He seems like a fucking awesome guy.
He's unbelievable.
I'm going to follow me on Twitter.
Johnny Ham and Cheese, he is unbelievable.
Dude, what a nickname.
Dude, you want to know how he got that nickname?
Hey, okay, well, yes, tell the story.
Okay, so we go to this sushi place in Milton where we live,
Best Sushi Around.
And we go in there one day.
We're like, hockey, you're eating sushi.
He's like, no, no, no, dude, this kid eats like a kid.
He eats like a legitimate seven-year-old.
So there's a sub shop across the street that probably nobody's been in 10 years.
He walks in there, gets a ham and cheese sub, playing nothing on it,
comes back into the sushi restaurant, eats his ham and cheese.
Shut the fuck up.
At Ichiro. Johnny Ham
and Cheese. He brought a ham and cheese
sub into Ichiro and ate it in there? Yep.
And wouldn't try any of the sushi?
No. No, wouldn't even look at it.
Witt's reaction right now
is eating me alive.
We were at BC. They had this buffet
for us before games, and he doesn't eat red sauce.
He just does pasta and butter.
That's it.
Nothing else.
But the meatballs came, but they were already in the container,
and there was red sauce on them.
So you know exactly where Johnny sat at the table,
even if you didn't eat with him, because you would come,
and he would take his meatballs.
Hold this.
Hey, hold this.
He would take his meatballs in his napkin and rub it around like this.
To get the red sauce off.
No way.
Until all the sauce was out and then he would pick out the bread, like the inside of the
bread, and shove his meatballs into like this tiny little roll and that's what he'd have
before games.
Oh my God.
This guy, he's not even human. No. At least he's not crossing the sauce. It's like you'd have before games. Oh my god, this guy he's not even human.
At least he's not crossing the sauce
just like Ovechkin though.
Dipping the fucking marinara one in the
Alfredo, that's fucking piece of shit stuff.
Hey, so
I never told you the story about Gordo.
When I first started playing with Gordo
I'm like, hey, what's Ovechkin like?
When he came over and he's like, oh, awesome guy
and he's like,
it drives me a bit nuts how he crosses the sauces, though.
And I'm like, what?
And he's like, yeah, pregame meal.
He'll dunk the fucking marinara one in the Alfredo. And he crosses the sauces.
And it's rolled Gordo up the fucking wall.
Gordo gets mad if the ref doesn't drop it.
So he used the same spoon for both.
Yeah, that's not right. For both, when there was
one for each. Of course.
Quickly, we've got to get back. I need this Rick Nash
golf story because you both left.
Well, there's two Nash golf stories.
You can tell the one that we went. I'll tell the other one.
Go ahead.
Alright, so
it was Paul Keery's birthday
right before training camp.
And we get an invite to go play Fisher Island, which is like number six or number nine.
It's by far the best course.
You got to take a boat there.
They wouldn't even let you on the boat.
No joke.
It's one of the nicest courses in the world.
And Nash was like an avid golfer.
And he's like, all right, to Vese, who is not a golfer, he golfed three times.
At this point, he's probably played five rounds of golf total.
And his Harvey connection gets us out there.
And Nash was like, hey, if you get us on the course, I'll get us there.
I'll get us back, whatever, whatever.
So Nash would text us.
He's like, hey, 645 West Side Highway, AM.
A helicopter comes, picks us up.
Nasher's paying for everything.
Picks us up, flies us to Fisher's Island.
We land on Fisher's Island, play 18, eat lunch, play another 18.
Dream day.
Yeah, helicopter picks us up back.
But, like, Nasher loves golf, and we're trying to figure out, like,
who's going to play with who because we're playing with a couple.
It was me, Brady Shea, Paul Carey, Vese, Nasher,
and then Vese's buddy who got us out there, Penn,
and Penn's dad and Penn's dad's buddy.
And we're figuring out, like, hey.
You guys have a school bus?
Yeah, we're figuring out who's going to play with who.
And Vese, like, literally is not a golfer at all.
This is the nicest course. He's playing with the member who. And VC literally is not a golfer at all. This is the nicest course.
He's playing with the member who got us out there.
He slept in the member's cart.
He slept in the cart for a whole 14, 15, 16, 17, 18.
Didn't participate in it.
Not slept.
Fell asleep.
Not just sat there or slept.
Fell asleep. So a member or slept? Fell asleep.
So a member of Fishers Island was driving around with this asshole kid sleeping in the cart?
Yep.
Was it the first 18 or the second 18?
That's a fair question.
Second.
Oh, you guys played 36?
I mean, I've never played more than one round a day.
You couldn't pay me to do that.
I think nine holes is the perfect amount, by the way.
Twelve.
But I'm going to lean towards that's okay,
considering it was the second 18.
First 18, unacceptable.
Yeah, I think it's acceptable at a municipal course,
but if you're at Fisher Island, like...
Was he drinking?
It's not that comfy, a golf cart.
Like, who sleeps in a golf cart?
They might add nice ones, dude.
Does Vesey sleep?
By the way, you know Keith Yandel's dad biz, not lying, sleeps in the ocean?
While he'll still...
Buddy Yandel goes in the ocean, and like the manatee he is, falls asleep while floating in the ocean.
The only way he wakes up is if a wave comes over his head, dude.
I'm not kidding you.
I never believed it, and I went down to Marshfield.
How could you relax yourself enough?
All right, could you relax yourself enough in the ocean
and trust that you wouldn't maybe drown when you fell asleep to do that?
All right, I can't swim.
Oh, you can't swim, all right?
Fuck you, Wits, man.
I'm like fucking Johnny Weissmuller out there.
Ask a millennial.
I'm not a great swimmer.
Are you a great swimmer, all right?
Yeah, I'm actually a pretty good swimmer.
Yeah, I think that's a great spot.
If you're comfortable in the water, you're not a pussy and afraid of
sharks, then you can easily zonk out in the water
because then if you're drunk and you pass out,
you're going to wake up right away when you hit the water.
He's not on a float. He's just
laying on his back, not on a float.
That's even more impressive.
If you could just lay there and do
the dead man's float
Right Keith?
Yeah
But face up
R.A. you ever go to
Bunker Hill Community Pool
Or no?
Oh you mean up the top of the hill?
Yeah
Oh yeah the bunker
Used to have the best diving board
In the world
I went there as a kid
All the time
16 footer
Yeah
It was unreal
Yeah
We used to go after hours
Because you'd sneak in the back fence And drink beers and shit up there late night and then get chased by the cops and shit.
Oh, that's cool.
Breaking the law.
R.A. would just chuck a shit in there.
Everyone would be like, oh, it's a baby Ruth.
Like, the joke, no, it's actually R.A.'s shit.
No, actually, the lifeguard, every year, like, one lifeguard would get drunk and do that so, like, the next day he wouldn't have to work because they have to, like, re-sanitize the whole pool.
But no, it wasn't me, man.
No way.
It's just baby.
I got it.
It's baby Ruth.
Boys, I hate to change it to hockey talk, but what are you guys thinking about Kovalchuk coming back?
I'm curious to see what he has.
I don't know if he's going to have much.
This is a different game.
Like, I watched the Olympics.
It was slow motion out there, and he was dominating.
It's not the NHL.
But the reason that I think I'm wrong is because I've been wrong
since I started doing this for a living.
And, I mean, for them to give him that much money,
it's like they obviously know something that maybe I don't,
and a bunch of teams wanted him, but
still, it's so... What was it? Five years ago?
R.A. or Grinnelli? Five years ago
he left? Kovalchuk? Yeah,
2013. So
I was in the NHL 2013.
That feels like 15 years
ago, so good luck to him.
L.A.'s a slow team, so they needed some speed.
I don't think he's that fast, but still.
You knew he was going somewhere with a good city.
You know, the wife, the money, they have so much.
It's like, I'm not going to go play in Columbus.
That's why Panarin probably wants out.
He's saying he doesn't want out because it's not a big city.
But they want to go to nice cities.
They're Russian.
They don't want to sit in some shithole.
They want to spend their money and enjoy the city.
That's why I thought Kovalchuk to Vegas made a lot of sense.
But I don't think Kovalchuk would be as good as people think.
That's all I'm saying right now.
Maybe 20 goals, maybe 18.
18 to 20 goals.
Not 35, 36.
Before Jens chimes in here, I think it's such a disadvantage,
and people will probably lose it on me for saying this.
It's such a disadvantage for certain cities to try to get free agents
because there's like, nope, definitely not on the list.
It doesn't matter how much they fucking pay you.
And that's just a reality of the situation.
And especially when those cities have high tax brackets,
then it's like, might as well move the fucking team.
I thought Columbus was like kind of a...
Oh, I wasn't sure if it was Columbus.
I know, but isn't Columbus kind of a city?
It might not be the number one destination,
but the players not want to go there, Keith or Hazy, one of you?
I don't think it's in the bottom of the list at all.
You don't?
No, I don't.
I think any city in the NHL is pretty good.
There's a couple.
Such a fucking political answer, but I wasn't really trashing any city in particular.
I'm just saying that certain cities are better, and they're going to get the free agents.
I think they're in the bottom third in where you'd want to go.
But, I mean, teams are good now, and they actually have great fans.
So, no, it's not the worst place in the world to play.
I don't think he would have signed in L.A. if they had a bad team.
No, I don't think so either.
I don't think so either. He wants to win. I think that Columbus
is a good situation because they're
relevant. They have a decent squad. You're going to
win games. That makes everything different
if you're on a winning team.
If you're on a bad team in a
shitty city, look out.
I think he's going to tuck
over 30.
The guy is an absolute cannon.
You put him on the power play, that's 15 power play goals right there.
Okay.
I mean, he's going to probably play with Kopitar, too.
He's pretty decent.
He's not bad.
He's okay.
Yeah.
And you've got to  how many times  I mean, LA, this kind of core unit they have,
they're getting older every day, man.
I mean, this feels like it might be the last kick if they can for them.
Well, R.A., I think we can all agree that
they have about a three-year window
right now, and that's probably why they signed them
for three years. Ideally,
two years on that Kovalchuk deal
would have been perfect. The extra
year was probably like, all right, well,
they had to give it to them. But
they're going to have to pay Doughty,
Kopitar. These guys have logged a lot of hard miles,
and they've made a lot of runs deep in the playoffs.
I would say the window after about three years is going to close very, very hard.
That'll be right when Arizona's is opening, dude.
That's what I'm talking about.
Hey, can you give us your announcement as Arizona wins the cup in three years,
like as the clock gets to zero?
I'm not the play-by-play guy.
I'm just going to be
Hey, but if you were, though.
I'm going to be booking the tables at Bottle Blonde for the bowlers.
If you were the play-by-play guy, though?
I'd be like, holy shit, we just won.
See you next year.
See you next year.
Is that a ripper or a snore?
That was just a quick snore.
He's like, what's the bonus that we got for the playoff game?
All right, I'll see you later.
Sign it off.
Sign it off.
Congrats on the title.
I'm going to Vancouver.
I'm on the cop.
Does the second radio guy get a ring?
Oh, boy.
Yeah, for sure.
I better get a fucking ring if we win it.
Yeah, for sure. I better get a fucking ring if we win it. Yeah, no ring.
The reason we're getting all these free agents after July 1st
is going to be because of the fucking story times with Biz
or the pillow talks me and Asher were doing.
That was actually pretty funny.
Yeah, Biz, you just mentioned free agency opens up Sunday.
Teams have been able to talk with players. I'm sorry.
Players have been able to talk with teams, have preliminary
talks. But we've been hearing Jack
Johnson. Sounds like he's going to sign with Pittsburgh.
They did make a salary dump
move. They traded Connor Sherry,
Spittin' Chicklets guest, along with Matt
Hunwick to Buffalo for a conditional
fourth. Obviously a salary dump.
I mean, if they do sign Jack
Johnson, I think he made like four or seven last year.
Didn't have a great year.
Didn't even play in the playoffs for scratch.
I can't imagine he's going to be looking at a ton of money.
What do you make of those moves, Wits, your former squad?
First thing I think of when I think of Jack Johnson is I hope he gets 60 million
because the guy fucking lost everything from his parents.
It wasn't even some scumbag that rolled you over. Because the guy fucking lost everything from his parents.
It wasn't even some scumbag that rolled you over.
It was your parents.
Who are you supposed to trust if it's not them?
So for him to lose everything and be paying that off,
and I don't know exactly what happened.
I hope he gets enough money to be set for life because he deserves it.
But you wonder what it'll be for.
I don't think it'll be for big money. Him and Sid went to Shattuck St. Mary together,
so they've been buddies for a long time. Maybe that has something to do with it.
They're good friends, so
we'll see what he can do. I mean, he was a healthy scratch
at times for Columbus. I don't know
what kind of game he still has left in terms of
top four defensemen or just top six, but
either way, I hope that guy gets as much
money as possible because that's a bunch of
bullshit what happened to him. Rumor
has it he's going to be between the 3
and 3.5 million range
for five years.
I mean, I think
term might be a little bit long.
I just, I'd imagine
that Sid's kind of calling
in a favor and saying, hey, I like
this guy. He's going to be good for the room.
He's going to be essentially the new Brooks Orpik.
I know he was in Washington. I know he was in
Washington. I know he was in Washington. Don't give me that
look, Whit. The new Brooks Orpik
as he got, he was like kind of
fading out in Pittsburgh. No, I was
actually just, quickly, this is off subject.
We'll get a picture
out this to the
Instagram and the Twitter.
Go grab it, Grinnelli.
Be careful. Grinnelli reminded me to just ask Keith about this.
So Keith's got a cool little shrine up here.
He's got all his pictures from his Coyotes days.
I think he's got a poster up here for his first assist, fifth assist,
tenth assist, thirtieth assist.
Everlast boxing glove, who's that?
Muhammad Ali, ever heard of him?
Not a big deal.
He's got a baseball glove that's framed. Who's that? Tom Glavin. Tom Glavin? Not a big deal. He's got a baseball glove that's framed.
Who's that?
Tom Glavin.
Tom Glavin.
Not a big deal.
Told my buddy.
Don't even know who that is.
He's got his 2010 match.
So he's got a cool.
And that picture with Drake.
I don't know if that's cool or not.
Oh, yeah.
Drake.
Yeah.
The guy who got ripped up by Pusha T.
Right.
Yeah.
When he bent him over, it was cool.
Not anymore.
Well, either way.
Either way.
I have right here, Biz, and you can see it.
A
1998 starting lineup
edition of
Mario Lemieux.
What is this? Here's the story behind it.
Why is it opened?
Funny.
I get this doll or
action figure, whatever you want to call it.
It looks like it could be worth actually a bank.
Until it was opened by somebody.
Yeah, so here's the deal.
I got it for my birthday in 98, so I was 12.
Yeah.
12 years old when I get this thing.
Back then, I'm like, I'm going to keep this in the box, have it the rest of my life.
Now, obviously...
You were never going to open it.
Never opened it. have it the rest of my life now obviously you never you were never gonna open it never open it
so so now i'm like all right now i finally have like the chance to probably could potentially
get a sign by mario seeing that we both work in the nhl not a big deal and then uh so one day i'm
at my house it's up there hanging out i come up to my uh my brother's got three uh three little boys just
mutants and uh i come up and there's just shit everywhere like wrapping paper i fall to my knees
i'm like trying to put it together like it was like i don't know it was a treasure to me and i
uh it was ripped open like that it was ripped open like a? It was ripped open like a complete animal. So that day, I called my money guy, and I took my godson out of my will.
Hey, question.
Did you talk to somebody to see what it would have been worth if it was still completely in the package?
I didn't want it to be.
I wasn't going to resell it.
I just wanted it from
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Time out.
Biz, quickly.
This is the same Whoa, whoa, whoa. Time out. Biz, quickly. This is the same...
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You called the time.
You called the time out.
Mr. Hypothetical's here.
What if you called someone and they said that thing was worth 100,000 and somebody was
willing to buy it?
What if it was?
I wouldn't sell it.
Would you sell it?
No, not for 100,000.
I'm going to guess your price to sell it would be like 2 million.
2.50.
2 million. Yeah, 2 million. price to sell it would be like 2 million. 2.50. 2 million.
Yeah, it's 1 million.
He has made 60 million.
What does he need the fucking 100,000 for, Biz?
Your salary with the coyotes.
Wait, time out.
You're going to keep a fucking action figure when somebody says, here's a check for 250,000?
Yeah, it's Mario.
You're fucking nuts, man.
It's Mario, Biz.
It's just something.
It's... Sentimental. Yeah, I had it my whole life. I fucking nuts, man. It's Mario. It's just something. It's...
Sentimental.
Yeah, I had it my whole life.
I had it on my shelf as a kid.
I had it on my shelf as an adult.
And then, yeah.
Hazy, Hazy, can you step in here?
What would you do if that was your doll?
Let's say someone said 100 grand.
How old am I?
Is it Hazy now?
Or is it Hazy entering the league?
Let's say it's Hazy after he gets his five-year,
five million from the New York American Jets.
I'd probably sell it for a hundred grand.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
He's a moron.
Anyway, move on.
Next subject.
But I would just take the hundred grand and then have like a night with my
buddies.
Yeah.
And then buy another action figure.
Yeah.
Well, I'd have Mario sign it.
And then me and Mario would go have a night,
and I'd keep it, and then we'd talk about it.
I think the market for that stuff bottomed out ages ago.
Once people became hip to the fact things were worth money,
especially if you didn't open them, then that kind of bottomed out the market on it
because it was huge for a while.
I'm old enough out of the crew here.
I remember when baseball cards, there was a huge market.
I mean, you could buy a Nolan Ryan rookie card.
It was worth like 1,000 at one point.
You're lucky if you get 20 now.
Oh, really?
Because the Onus Wagner, is that the guy from the Pittsburgh Pirates?
Yeah, Onus Wagner card, yeah.
Yeah, like those things are going for more and more every year.
Never heard of him.
And speaking of memorabilia, I did,abilia, he's an old school baseball player.
I went and did a speaking engagement at Herschel, the luggage and backpack company the other day.
Never done a speaking engagement in my life.
And met the guy who works the shipping part because he's a huge hockey fan.
You can't even speak.
I know, but they asked me to come in.
I was nervous.
I'm like swearing in front of the staff.
It was a joke,
but I was thankful that they had me.
And speaking of that,
the shipping guy,
he has a memorabilia collection
that's valued over 3.5 million.
He's got any guy you can name
who used a wood stick, like Bossy, all these guys. He's got any guy you can name who used a wood stick,
like Bossy, all these guys.
He's got it in his basement.
Insurance companies in Canada wouldn't even insure him.
He had to get a company out of Minnesota.
So shout out to memorabilia guy.
I actually think that one of the coolest things,
even though looking back it was pigeon money,
when you first get into the league and Upper Deck's like,
hey, come over, we'll give you like 3,500 to sign these like 300 cards.
You're like, wait, what?
It took me 10 minutes?
Are you giving me 3,500?
Yeah.
That's a night out.
Now you wouldn't do it for 30 grand.
Piz, you didn't get any of those, did you?
Actually, I did.
And they made me sign it with my Twitter handle.
Stop. I swear to God. Stop.
Yep. I signed, I think it was
Upper Deck or one of those companies.
I called my agent and I'm like, what?
They're like, yeah, but they want you to sign it with your
Twitter handle. I'm like, fuck, send them over.
1,500.
Whose dick do I got to suck too?
Hey, Biz, did
anyone in the league ever ask you for one of your sticks signed or no?
Oh, yeah.
Ah, yes.
Danny Heatley.
Danny fucking Heatley asked me for a signed stick.
All right.
I've asked you.
Oh, yeah.
You've got to keep going.
I would have asked you if I played against you.
I got a bunch left over.
Hey, but Biz is no joke.
I've played with a ton of guys.
He's not the guy who asks for sticks.
No, no.
He's the number one guy that I've ever met.
Hey, how's Bissonette?
How's Bissonette?
Every person asks.
Every single person.
They do.
They're like hoping you're like, ah, he's kind of a loser.
Yeah, that's what I say just so you don't look cool.
Hey, speaking of Paul, paul tell the story about
uh you and nat oh i've already told it on this podcast about when when i busted well
not when i busted her but that story yeah no you told it when they busted you didn't you
oh god you're talking about oh i haven't told't told that one. When you walked in on your house? Yeah. This one's a dream haunter, boys, and you can vouch.
So I'm back home staying with my parents.
It was our family reunion weekend, and I was spending my summers in Vancouver.
And my sister and her now husband were back home.
And they were staying in her room.
So I was in my room, and we were having brunch.
It was a Sunday afternoon.
So brunch is ready. My mom was like, can you go get nat and paul i'm like sure so i walk upstairs
and i knock on her door and she's like yeah she i yeah she was i was like hey and then she said i
think she said yeah yeah so i opened the door and my uh her fucking now husband is just laying into her.
I fucking slammed the door.
I'm like, what the fuck?
I'm like, why did you say yeah?
Like, you don't say yeah.
You say, don't come in.
That's the first words out of your mouth.
Not like, yeah, what's up?
Like, come on in.
Just getting real, D.
If you're getting rinsed, you do not say yeah.
I left. I left the house. I had to go for a walk man he yelled at his mom he was just teeing off
on her man what position how do you even say yeah when you're teed off on no joke what position
missionary and thank fucking god that the covers were on like half of his back. So I saw nothing below the waist, but like, oh, God.
It was...
Thanks for bringing it up, Jens.
Is she going to kill you for telling this story or no?
I never even thought about it.
No, dude, she's a hockey guy.
And Chip already sailed.
No, I mean, they're married.
They got two kids.
Yeah, they're cool.
It was a dream haunter.
It's her fault.
She should have done that. That's how we all got here, Paul, right're cool. I mean, it was a dream haunter. It's her fault. She should have done that.
That's how we all got here, Paul, right?
Exactly.
The other big news in the hockey world this week,
the Hall of Fame selection committee came back the other day,
and they did the right thing.
They inducted Willie O'Ree, thankfully, while he's still alive.
In addition to Willie O'Ree, they also selected Martin Brodeur, Martin St. Louis,
spitting chickens, not a big deal.
Jaina Hefford, who won four Olympic golds with the women's team, won Olympic silver.
She must be with Canada, right?
Canadian one, yes.
A Russian, Alexander Yakushev, who won two Olympic golds.
Actually, I found this quote about him.
The best player on that team, the 72 Summit Series, the best player on that team, without a doubt, was Yakushev, who won two Olympic golds. Actually, I found this quote about him. The best player on that team, the 72 Summit Series,
the best player on that team without a doubt was Yakushev.
Not Halimov, not Freddie.
Yakushev was 6'4", 210, could skate like the wind.
He scared us.
He reminded me of Bobby Hull, only he was bigger than Bobby.
That was said by none other than Phil Esposito,
giving full props to him.
And the sixth person elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame,
none other than Gary Bettman.
So, thoughts, gentlemen?
Well, we'll leave the players out of that one.
Gary Bettman, a little surprising, but, I mean, Jeremy Jacobs is in there.
He's done a lot for the league.
He's done a lot for the league, yeah.
I think he deserves it.
He's got a couple lockouts in the Olympics this year.
Yeah, but overall, I mean, he's done something.
He paid your bills.
Paid my bills, or Crosby paid my bills, we like to say on this year. Yeah, but overall, I mean, he's done something. He paid your bills. Paid my bills.
Or Crosby paid my bills, we like to say on this podcast.
But Willie O'Ree, about time.
About time.
I actually met him this year at NHL Network.
I was like, you should be in the Hall of Fame.
He's like, I hope so.
You know, that would be an honor if they voted me.
Just the nicest guy in the world.
So happy to get in him.
I saw somebody, maybe Grant Fierce, say he's the Jackie Robinson of hockey.
What a guy, result i think biz should give an opinion on willie because you're like a quarter black biz that's fair enough yeah like i mean everyone's saying
like what's about time for sure i mean it was just a matter of time i'm extremely happy he got
nominated or is it what you say nominated or voted in selected induct. Inducted. Now, my only problem with it is doing it on a year
that they put Bettman in at the same time
because it's completely deflecting all the attention
to the negativity about Bettman getting in.
I think that if that was the plan, put him in next year.
Like, give Willie O'Ree and the players the attention that they deserve.
And whether you believe Bettman should be in or not,
I think he should be in.
He's grown the game to a good place.
Unfortunately, with the lockouts, it took a little bit of bullshit.
But nonetheless, I think he's done a good job of growing the revenue.
But don't fucking put him in the same year as Willie O'Ree, considering
that everyone's been waiting
for him to get in, and it's such a big deal
because he was the first colored player.
Now the attention's on
Bettman. Am I fucking wrong here, or what?
I don't
know. I think people are going to probably
complain no matter who gets nominated, or
elected, selected, whatever, but I don't
know. I think that there's so much of an emphasis on Willie that I don't think
that Bettman will take away.
I think people will give the obligatory, oh, Bettman, what's he in for?
They'll mention the lockouts, and then they'll kind of move on.
I mean, speaking of Bettman, revenues went up.
I don't have the numbers in front of me.
They were somewhere in the hundreds of millions into the billions of dollars.
So you can argue with him all you want,
but the success the league has had under his watch,
you can't really argue with that. I don't see what the rush was for Bettman. They
could have done it. I agree with you, Paul. They could have done it just as easily the next time
around. But I think people are just so happy that Willie finally got in because it should have
happened again ages ago. And I think people are just happy that it's not another Pat Burns
situation where, you know, I mean, Pat Burns knew he was a Hall of Famer when he died, but unfortunately
they didn't see fit to
elect him to the Hall of Fame before he did die.
Listen, I'm not going to complain on Twitter. I'm not
going to bitch about it. I just think that, like,
come on, like, let's take a step back and say, hey,
we're throwing Batman in the same year
that we're throwing Willie O'Ree
in. Everyone's been waiting for
Willie to be in it.
People have been very vocal on online
for the past few years about it and all of a sudden when they do it just so happens that
betman's in the same class i feel like they could have just like come on this is like a pr 101 they
i mean they do it's six seven guys a year it feels like or some women now but martin saint louis i
just want to mention i don't know there's no There's no way he's the only guy, but I would love to know how many guys were put on waivers the way Martin St. Louis was.
They ended up getting in the Hall of Fame.
That has to be a number under 10, I would guess, if maybe under five.
So an amazing career by him.
He actually retweeted somebody who put clips of him at UVM.
And he was like, oh, it was a fun time.
Basically, the guy said one of the best college players I've ever seen.
The best, I think he wrote.
Him at UVM, he played with Eric Perrin, who had a little bit of an NHL career,
played in Europe for a while, AHL-dominated.
St. Louis was sick at Vermont.
And the fact that he went on and had Calgary tell him to take a hike, basically,
and then goes on to have the career he did, pretty cool.
Pretty cool to see a guy that went through that
to be now a Hall of Famer.
And from what I've heard, actually not only from what I've heard,
everyone who played with him loves him.
I actually got a DM from him at one point saying,
hey, I can help you get out to National Golf Links,
which is a sick course in the Hamptons after he heard me talking about it.
Just a good guy.
So congrats to Marty St. Louis.
That's a legend right there that gets in.
And about you being mad about Bettman and Lou O'Ree the same year,
there's always six or seven guys going, so it'll just happen at some point.
Oh, I thought it was just bad timing.
It could have been a coincidence, but whatever.
I'm a fucking idiot.
Who cares?
Me and Hazy both got to play with Marty St. Louis.
Oh, you?
He was my line mate.
He was an unreal guy.
Oh, Hazy with the little, he was my line mate.
Yeah, sick brag.
Yeah, he's a great guy.
Obviously an amazing player.
Going back to the UVM story, I heard this story that,
what was the guy's name you said that he played with?
Eric Parent.
Eric Parent.
I heard they were supposed to both go to BU or something,
and then BU wouldn't let in that other guy,
so Marty left BU to go play with him at UVM. You loyal. Yeah. I something, and then B.U. wouldn't let in that other guy, so Marty left B.U. to go play with him at UVM.
You loyal.
Yeah.
I appreciate you.
You were loyal.
That was before DJ Khaled, too.
Hey, B.U., you played yourself.
Call me Billy.
Sorry, Hazy.
Back to Hazy because he fucking played in his line.
Yeah.
I did, too, on the power play.
No, me, him, and Hagelin were aligned my rookie year.
We lost in the conference finals, game seven.
Sucks.
Walsh?
Tampa.
Beat Walsh down 3-1.
Came back.
Beat Walsh, game seven.
Whatever.
Assist on game winner, not a big deal.
Tied it in the third, whatever.
But who cares?
I think Witt went to that game, didn't he?
Yeah, Witt was there.
Yeah, he did with Foles.
Smothered drunk.
Yeah, crippled.
Came in the green room after.
I'm like, oh, people are like, don't you play hockey?
I'm like, not anymore, not anymore.
I remember looking up, what's the New York song that they always play?
Hey.
No, no, no.
That one?
The Celebration?
The goal song?
No, not the goal song.
The one that's like,
New York.
Yeah, yeah.
I think it's like
Frank Sinatra or whatever.
They play that.
I remember looking up
in the crowd
and seeing Witt,
our other friend,
Brian Foley,
and my wife
high-fiving.
And we were down.
I'm like,
what are these lunatics doing?
We scored like two goals
in like three minutes
to tie it up and win.
It's amazing
that this just got brought up because if I'd forgot to bring up
this story, I would be so mad.
Keith, why don't we go in to tell the story about you in the crowd at my
Stanley Cup final game?
Biz, wait till you hear this one.
Keith came out to visit me.
He's in the NHL at the time.
We're in the cup finals against Detroit.
Why don't you just tell them what you and Okie did?
So Whit was kind enough to
invite, what was it? It was probably like seven of us.
I was in Phoenix at the time
and
finals you guys were playing Detroit.
Game seven, right? No, game six.
You guys won to make it a game seven.
No, no. We won game five in Detroit
triple overtime. I played
at the record at the time most minutes in a Stanley Cup
final game. Not a big deal.
Since then, that's been broken, I believe.
You came to game six.
Okay, so game six.
We go
to the game. Witt obviously brings us out there.
We have an absolute day.
Front
row Leonard Skinner drunk going into
the game.
What was the name of that rink?
The Igloo.
The Igloo.
Melon Arena.
Yeah, Melon Arena.
So loud.
Loved that place.
So loud.
It was unbelievable.
And I was in Phoenix.
We hadn't played in the playoffs yet, so I was just like embracing everything about it.
Loved it.
So after the second and third period, just like everybody else does, me and our friend
Andy O'Connor decide to go get a character picture.
You know how they draw your picture with the big head?
I thought it was face painted, dude.
Is it not face painted?
It was face painted.
Dude, he's trying to get on it.
Oh, he's trying to change it up?
Oh, God.
Okay, keep going.
Sorry.
So we're getting our faces painted, sitting there like a bunch of buffoons.
People walk around.
This is intermission, mind you.
There's 10,, people walking around. This is intermission, mind you. There's 10,000 people walking around.
Our head scout of the Phoenix Coyotes stops in front of us,
looks at me like, doesn't say anything.
I'm like, more face paint, more face paint.
Trying to hide.
I'm like, put a mustache on.
So he's like, what are you doing?
And my buddy just starts losing it, like just dying laughing.
He's like, what was that?
I had to tell him it was our head scout.
It was good.
Like the next year at training camp, he was like, dude, what the fuck?
I was like, I know.
I was into it.
But I was rooting one of my best friends on, you know?
I came out of the locker room like, dude, you got something on your forehead. He's like, oh, so. But I was rooting one of my best friends on, you know? I came out of the locker room like, dude,
you got something on your forehead?
He's like, oh yeah, I painted my face a penguin
color. Wait, was it in Pittsburgh
penguins colors? No, I just
got a 19 on my cheek.
Hazy, I hate
to say we interrupted you, but that was a fucking
good story. It was a great story.
Can you go back to what you were telling?
Off of that story, every time I leave
someone tickets, I find them in the crowd
because they sit in the same seats basically
every time. I see if they make it
on time, if they're late.
It's just what I
do. Before every game, I look up and
see if they're in the seats.
Do you really? Yeah, I swear. Usually.
Put people on blast. I wouldn't even know where they sit. The reason is, if they're in the seats. Do you really? Yeah, I swear. Usually. Put people on blast.
I wouldn't even know where they sit.
Well, the reason is because if you're not,
at the time you probably weren't making huge dough,
let's say on your entry level and stuff.
You guys have to pay for your two tickets
or you get the two for free.
Oh, no, we get two for free,
but that didn't come into it.
That's totally fine.
But also the fact that you probably have
a lot of people asking you.
So you're like, hey, if you're not going to
treat them for what they are,
fuck you. If it wasn't for
Yans, no joke, I'd be playing for
free, the amount of tickets I gave out.
Dude, this guy, before I got to the Rangers,
the ticket guy would come around,
Kacer Beauty, he'd be like, alright,
who needs tickets?
And I'd just be like, yeah, I need
one or two, whatever. I i'm like let me see the ticket
thing hazy would have like 47 tickets left all 160 bucks minimum he didn't know what cod was i'm like
dude you gotta you don't even know these people you can't pay for all their tickets you're not
gonna have a dollar left to your name he's like oh shit he didn't know that you can do that
hey you must have been fucking drinking for free and getting bottles, service, and everything.
It paid for itself.
Oh, no.
It did a little bit, but I didn't know that you could do that.
So once I said, hey, COD, bring a credit card, they're like, ah, actually, I got to go take my kid to school.
That changes everything.
Unless you play for the Phoenix Coyotes and you can get extra tickets for 5 my first year.
Second year I was there, they bumped it up 10.
Guys were like, ah, why'd they bump it up?
The next year it was 15.
The last year, I think it was 20.20 for my last two years there.
For lower bowl.
Remember they told us that when they bumped it up from 5 to 10, they're like, hey, guys, we bumped it up.
We were like, what?
They brought HR in, like a counselor.
Guys are crying.
What?
Don't you usually just hit up Europeans, like if you need tickets for family?
Isn't that what guys do?
Hit up the Europeans?
So we used to do that, but Zouk is legitimately a prince of Norway.
So if you're fromway and you step foot into
new york city once you once your plane lands a baggage claim like literally once your plane
hits down on the ground and it's like ting ting welcome to new york zook gets a message from a
random person from norway ask it if they can come to a rangers game because i guess like how we were
raised no one would ever do that but everyone's so so nice in Norway, like, they think that Zouk just gets it for free.
So now it's like Americans and Canadians only ask each other,
and Zouk gets all the Euros tickets because he's leaving.
He's leaving.
He's leaving a bowl.
Hey, my first year in Pittsburgh, like, I went out west San Jose,
and my dad's like, hey, your aunt needs a bunch of tickets.
I'm like, oh, yeah, all right, yeah. He's like, all right, aunt needs a bunch of tickets. I'm like, Oh yeah. All right. Yeah.
He's like, all right, let me get you the number.
And he called me at the end of the game. He was like, I should need 21.
I was like, huh?
Jesus Christ.
He's like, yeah, yeah. I'll get you back. I'll get you back.
He didn't take a dime. I was like 21 tickets.
Ticketmaster.com dad.
Yeah.
Nasher told that story on pillow Talk when it was his birthday,
and he'd had a shitty game.
I think he was playing for St. Louis at the time,
and they were back in Edmonton, and he'd bought 40 tickets.
Oh, you told us this.
And Quinville Healthy scratched him after warm-up.
Yikes.
Ouchie.
Speaking of tickets, and Kevin Hayes buying 9,500 tickets his rookie year.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing, but there's a simpler way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets for every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL club, it doesn't matter the sport.
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed. Nothing
beats being there in person for the biggest plays
of the year, and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action
for a great value. I have used
SeatGeek, actually. I used it for Zach Brown Band.
Got me some fabulous tickets. Not a big
deal. One bit right there. It's the perfect
easiest app to use to get where you want to sit
to watch your favorite musician or
the biggest game of the year. SeatGeek
saves you time and money by searching multiple ticket sites
to compare prices and find amazing deals.
Make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket,
from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all, all of our listeners get 10 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
10, that'll come in handy.
Just download the SeatGeek app, enter promo code Hockey today.
That's right, just the word Hockey, H-O-C-K-E-Y,
what made me all my money.
Save 10 off your first SeatGeek purchase by using that code.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
Thank you.
Hey, but back to the St. Louis story.
So I played with him for pretty much the whole year.
He was on my wing, which was unreal because it's like,
you know he was going to be in the Hall of Fame.
You know he's a legend.
And he teaches the game too, like on the bench.
He's a coach.
Yeah, the coach will say something, and then you don't know
if you're going to listen to the coach or you're going to look at Marty
and see what he's going to tell you because he probably knows more.
I think he was older than some of the coaches that we had.
Probably, yeah.
But I remember when another shower story, everything happens in the shower.
I know. After a game, we'll go back remember when another shower story, everything happens in the shower. You know.
After a game, we'll go back to the MSG showers, which are a joke.
They're separators, dude.
They're individual showers.
Individual showers.
Because the owner owns the Knicks, and those weapons are probably just walking around.
Dude, so you can't see anyone next to you.
Oh, no.
What's the point?
I knocked them down.
Yeah, so there's usually curtains, but once the boys get in there,
the curtains come down and everyone sees everyone.
And I remember I was standing across from Marty, and he's like,
I think it's like game 15 or like game 20 or something.
Early in my career, my rookie year, he's like,
so you think the NHL is everything you thought it was going to be?
And I'm like, I don't know if he's, like, going to quiz me
if I'm supposed to answer it the right way.
I'm like, yeah, this is great.
Like, first time I've had money.
I love to go out, blah, blah, blah.
Like, it's changed now.
And so I'm like, yeah, it's, like, pretty cool.
It's better than a desk job, I guess.
Like, I'd rather be doing this than going to work every day at 9.
And he's like, yeah, to be honest, like, out of training camp,
I thought no fucking way you'd be on this team.
And I was like, whoa.
And I was a pretty big free agent.
I held out against Chicago and I got to pick where I wanted to go.
So I was like, what?
And he's like, yeah, but now that we're 20 games in, you fit right in.
That was kind of like my welcome moment to the league.
And I was like, so now I always have that Marty St. Louis story now,
which is pretty cool.
I mean, fucking guys on my team used to tell me that all the time.
Yeah, but they weren't Marty St. Louis.
I know, I know.
I remember Biz like every 10 games that he didn't play in,
he'd be healthy scratch, 10 games.
He'd come into the shower.
Hey, he'd be healthy scratch in his suit.
Biz, he'd be healthy scratch in his suit, and I'd be like, all right, let's go in the shower, and he'd come into the shower. Hey, he'd be healthy scratch in his suit. Biz, he'd be healthy scratch in his suit, and I'd be like,
all right, let's go in the shower, and he'd come in.
And then, oh, yeah, so anyways, Biz would be like,
I'm going in to talk to the coaches.
I need to play.
I might even ask them to send me down so I can play some games.
And I was always like, Biz, if you ask to get sent down,
you may never come back.
He'd be like, all right, I'm not going to have the meeting.
Every 10 games.
But I would go on 10-game heaters without playing.
I'd be getting bag skated by Kinger.
Was it Dave King?
Yeah.
Dave King.
And he coached in Russia forever.
So we're talking solo bag skates with this guy after every practice,
not even just game days.'d be doing 30 40 minutes
extra i i i was going crazy well one one time had been a long stretch and this is after gordo
had been traded to edmonton and uh he was hurt he had a wrist injury and uh we ended up going up to
the new cactus club in edmonton and they used to play those uh louis vuitton not
louis vuitton victoria secret fashion shows but they would roll them out like year 2000 you know
12 2013 do that and they would just play over and over we drank like five six bottles of wine one
night at this cactus club i got shit face i wake up at like i don, nine 45. We're on the ice in, in, in 30 minutes.
There's red puke all over my hotel room in Edmonton.
And I woke up to the trainer calling me.
I fucking cab it right to the, the, the arena.
And, and, uh, and I was late.
I came in right after the meeting and tip calls me and he's like, Hey,
he's like, he's like, you get in one last night with Gordo?
I'm like, yeah. He's like, listen.
I know you're just trying to blow some steam off,
but I've got to set an example.
I had to fucking skate,
after the pregame skate for an hour
still drunk out of my mind.
Hey, is there a bigger
panic in the world?
In the world?
Any level
you've played hockey at, when buses start,
if you're late, and you're
meeting everyone at the rink,
I wouldn't wish the feeling on my worst enemy.
It's the worst.
My rookie year, we played
in L.A. Remember how long my hair was?
Yeah, it was disgusting.
It looked like the kid from the Goonies.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, the good-looking one.
And so we're in L.A., and we had the night off.
So day off the next day, bus leaves at 10 a.m., and we're flying to San Jose.
I swear to God, my eyes awake.
They open up at probably 9.56, and I'm in my hotel room, in my bed, 9.56.
So I jump.
I'm panicking.
Put on my pants, not buying my shirt, suit, jacket, nothing to my hair,
which is gross.
You'll leave anything.
No.
Put on my shoes, no socks, book it to the elevator.
Elevator, luckily it's there.
Go down.
Right?
I left everything in this hotel room.
I had my wallet and my phone, right?
I left my whole, it was a West Coast trip.
Great move, though.
West Coast trip.
So you have like a full suitcase.
Oh, yeah.
But I was a rookie, and it was kind of, it was probably in the middle of the year.
And I was nervous to even tell. Like, I wasn't close enough with the pr guys like i am now or like
kaser or volgs i wasn't close enough to be like hey like can you have them ship it to san jose
so i didn't tell anyone and i never even like it never it hasn't even crossed my mind until you
just said that i left whoever went into that room after got like a free sick suitcase, sick jackets, shirts,
like shoes, and I just left it there.
Totally didn't tell a soul.
And let's be honest.
If you leave, let's say, even a charger behind,
you could call the hotel 10 minutes later.
It's gone.
Oh, yeah.
Ah, yeah.
No, it's not there.
Sorry.
Hey, you go back back they're wearing your fucking
your other suit no i haven't seen it yeah man that's my fucking toothbrush in the in the pocket
it's like nope i haven't seen it but hey that that's crazy now my question to you is wouldn't
you be able to get like a car that could like speed faster than the bus to to the airport or
you is that not even a fucking option?
They notice when you're not on the bus.
Everyone panics and starts calling.
That's a ballsy move.
I mean, I've been close before, but fuck, I don't think I'm leaving my shit behind.
Dude, father's trip one year and same trip that Keith's brother Brian.
I don't know if I've ever told this story on Spitting Checklets.
Mark Reckie got his 500th goal on the Dad's trip, Pittsburgh.
We went out to Dallas, and then we went to Phoenix.
We played the Coyotes.
Recchi got his 500th goal.
Big night out after.
All of a sudden, Recchi gets back to his room.
We've been partying there, and he goes to get into bed.
Brian Yandel's sleeping in his bed the night of the guy's 500th goal.
He had to sleep at the end of the bed.
Ross is like,
had 37 butt lights and sleeps in recce's bed the night of his 500.
So the next morning,
didn't the wrecking ball sleep on like the couch or something?
I think he did.
You know,
the foot of the bed came out.
Dude,
Brian Yandel took the wrecking ball's bed the night he got 500
because he had us all back.
All the dads were in there.
But the next morning, me and my dad were late to the bus,
and there was the media bus and then the bus for the players and the dads.
And I got on the bus and got the desk there,
and my dad, like, I turned around to see where he was,
and he was on the media when he was like,
I wasn't getting on that bus, dude.
You're taking that one.
I was like, fuck.
Biz, you ever late for anything?
I mean, you're the type of guy that,
besides that one example in Edmonton,
if you're late again, you're done.
Was there another instance?
I'm shocked Yans didn't bring it up,
but I was actually late to two games
when I first got to the Coyotes
because I thought the game was at 7.30.
I missed the bus two times and and the guys
had to tell the trainers and they brought my gitch in the hallway once once was in buffalo
i forgot where the other one was but buffalo was the second one and jovo called me in the hallway
he's like buddy he's like you just got the nhl you've been here for 10 games and you've been late
for two games like we're we're talking talking at 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
This is unacceptable, man.
Were you playing?
I'm like, buddy, both games I was a healthy scratch, but nonetheless,
I fucking
I wasn't going to include that.
Joe Winovsky's worrying about meeting me in the hallway with my gitch bag,
and this guy has to play a fucking game.
He's like, time out.
We're done here. Be late one more time, and I'll have you in the fucking coast again gitch bag and this guy has to play a fucking game. He's like, but time out. We're done here.
Be late one more time and I'll have you in the fucking
coast again being an all-star.
With, what was the
guy's name who got the bobblehead who pushed around
the sharp cut?
The only Wheeling Nailers fans are
going to know this one and I'll get a few tweets
about it. Moondog.
He's like a homeless guy.
Actually, I don't know if he's homeless, but he's like the town, I guess I'll say
homeless guy in Wheeling, West Virginia, and he was famous.
Everyone knew who Moondog was, but it's almost like he was a figment of everyone's
imagination because I had never seen him my entire time in Wheeling.
It's not a big downtown, and I'll never forget.
I got the flu, and I had to go to the hospital like because i was i couldn't stop puking i had to get like ivs and shit
and i was waiting for my ride after i checked out of the hospital and i was on the curb
and i was just like keeled over and all i hear is are you all right and i look up and the sun's
there and it was fucking moon dog this this fucking guy and he had like i mean you can google him and
then they and then the wheeling nailers ended up having a moondog bobblehead night but i got called
up to the american league this fucking guy he rides around on his bike right so they made the
bobblehead with him on the bike obviously when he came out to drop the ceremonial face off he rode
his bike on the ice all around did a did a lap just on the ice what like you can ride his bike on the ice all around, did a lap. Just on the ice?
What?
Like you can ride a bike on the ice?
How can you balance a bike on the ice? No, no, no.
No, it was  once you see the bobblehead, it's one of those like tripod bikes.
So it's got two wheels in the back, one in the front.
Oh, there you go right there.
I mean you can Google it right now.
You'll see it.
Yeah, that might have been a little bit confusing for people being like,
okay, this guy is a liabetic.
Tell him the story.
But he's got one wheel in the front, two in the back.
Oh, nice.
And boys, I know it was a special episode,
but we even got a more special ad read.
The Eagle Energy ad read is back.
Eagle Energy started as a great idea.
Take all the benefits of an energy drink
and remove the negatives to create an innovative product that delivers caffeine faster without any calories or sugar.
What is it, you ask?
Eagle Energy is a caffeine inhaler made of all natural plant-based ingredients providing the user with a natural energy boost via inhalation.
I'm on fire so far.
What's in it, you ask?
Guarana, ginseng, and taurine.
The guarana fruit packs twice the concentration of caffeine than a coffee bean.
Enhances energy levels, mood, and reaction time.
Tell me more.
Eagle Energy contains approximately 400 inhalations.
It can last a day or a week. You're in control. The suggested serving size to provide a fast
acting energy boost is 25 consecutive inhalations. When you inhale caffeine,
it is metabolized rapidly. Who wants to wait 30 minutes?
With zero sugar and zero nicotine, difficult to find a healthier way of getting your energy boost.
Eagle Energy is perfect for someone who is always on the go.
Whether you're studying or on a long trip, partying, or even on the ski hill, Eagle Energy is always within reach.
And guess what, guys?
You get 20 off with promo code biz20.
That's B-I-Z-2-0, 20 off.
You're welcome.
Keep the change.
Merry fucking Christmas.
Can we get the back story?
So there's a legendary story about Kevin's father riding his...
Just tell me the story involving the Zamboni.
He wasn't riding the Zamboni.
So, you know, when you're younger, Biz, you probably did this when you were younger.
These guys said they didn't.
My dad was like a hockey dad, had me play for all these teams.
Like, I loved playing hockey, so I always  like, I played for Dorchester Youth Hockey,
St. Moritz, South Shore Dynamo.
It's like I would play when I was younger.
I'm talking like 10 years old, have a game like Sunday morning, 7 a.m., 10 a.m., 1 o'clock.
Did you ever do that or no?
I can't remember.
I used to play summer hockey a couple of games a day, but fuck, that's a grind.
You couldn't make that many teams.
Back to the fucking story.
No, so I would always play for these three different teams.
Because when I was younger, I was actually really good.
Still are, Kev.
But I'm telling you.
Yeah, he was nice.
Eight, nine goals a game.
Best in the world, you think, for your age at 10 years old?
Definitely best in North America.
Yeah, seriously.
Oh, you saw him, Keith?
I used to ref his games.
I'm not joking.
It was insane.
I would somehow score eight, nine goals a game.
Especially when I was working.
I used to give him pee-pees.
How many years did you play up?
At least two, sometimes three.
It was crazy.
He still had the ass to. two, sometimes three. It was crazy. And so it was like
But he still had the ass to.
And so it was like the finals weekend,
but it was the finals for all three teams.
So we were kind of figuring out like, all right,
should I make two of the three for sure and get like two championships?
And so I'm like  my dad's like, no, we're doing all of them.
We're going all of them.
So I'm like, all right.
So we wake up Kaskabooski and Saugus.
Yeah.
Yikes.
Yeah.
Oh, Grinnelly's chiming in.
That's how bad this place is.
Syphilis, right?
It's like 7 a.m., go there, win championship.
And we get to the 10 a.m. game, win championship,
and we're going to be late for the 12 o'clock game
because they've got to wait and get your medals after.
Hey, so no, my dad
called the
rink manager, Mike O'Donovan.
Swear to God, this is
a fact story.
Called Mike O'Donovan and said,
hey, I'll give you three seats
to the Bruins game. If you
get on the Zamboni, go on the ice
and then say it's broken. If you get on the Zamboni, go on the ice, and then say it's broken.
So he gets on the ice.
He's doing the ice, right?
He's going around doing the ice, and then all of a sudden it stops.
The other team knows I'm not there.
And the other team's like, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go.
We're playing, we're playing.
He gets on his back, goes underneath the Zamboni,
and he's like waiting, he's waiting.
All of a sudden my dad walks in and shows his face.
Mike's like, oh, it's fixed.
All right, we're good.
Oh, did the other team, were they so pissed?
The guy ended up dying in a frostbite from laying on the ice.
No, that's not true, but it actually is a true story.
How many minutes are we talking, like 20?
No, at least 45, at least.
Oh, shit, so the game would have been in the third period probably by then.
The coach of the other team is like, fix the Zamboni.
He's like sitting there, what do you want me to do?
This is like above and beyond Wayne.
You've seen above and beyond Wayne Gretzky,
and they said he would go to different games.
They're like, Wayne's coming.
Just wait.
Just wait.
It was you.
They're like, Kaminsky's coming.
Yeah, Frank Kaminsky.
What's the back story on Frank Kaminsky?
Don't even ask.
He's a basketball player.
It's so stupid.
It's so dumb.
Kevin looks like him.
No, he's so dumb.
It really is.
Same long face.
Jans looks like Post Malone.
No, I look like Baba Booey from Howard Stern.
I'm tired.
Always tired.
Always tired.
But no, so my dad, this guy, he worked the shop at the Charlestown ring.
Yeah.
And so he was a Zamboni driver, and he faked that there was an actual problem with the Zamboni
until we showed up, and then he said it was fine, and we won.
How many goals?
If I had to get...
Minimum four.
Minimum four, yeah.
Minimum.
Wait, did you drive from Saugus to Charlestown with your equipment on?
Oh, yeah. I put those rubber things right in the skateugus to Charleston with your equipment on?
Oh, yeah I put those rubber things right in the skate
You wouldn't even take your wheels off?
No, dude, you don't smell anything
Oh, that's why his feet look like that
Same skitch?
Oh, yeah
When you're 10, you can play four games and then go to the mall in between
Play B-sticks in between
I'm complaining about a 20-minute pregame skate making 5 million one year.
Hey, nothing melts my skull more than wet gear.
It's the absolute worst.
Sometimes in the summer, I'm like, no, I shouldn't even say that.
That's why I actually stopped being good at hockey because I knew I'd play less
so I didn't have to sit on the bench in my wet gear because I was always dry.
Your stuff never got that wet.
Well, that's what I mean.
Oh, yeah. But when I used to play, it did.
If you liked wet gear, you'd be like
John Tavares. You'd be getting the meetings and stuff.
That's what I'm saying.
Oh, man. Alright, well,
this was... What else do we
need to talk about? Actually, I have something I need to
talk about. I wrote it down on my phone.
Oh, yeah. You want to
know how he gets in his phone?
You know how you have the thumbprint thing?
Yeah, he's got the facial recognition.
No, he has the thumbprint thing, but he plays so much golf, it's with his golf glove on.
So he has to open his phone with his golf glove because his thumbprint is with his golf glove.
You're fucking kidding, right?
It's 100. He just asked me for a golf glove.
I don't wear a golf glove. I'm a no-glove guy.
But I wrote this down.
If you, this happened to me last night,
if you are a waiter and you come over to somebody at the table
and the dude ate all, the guy you're with ate all his food
and then goes to the waiter, I hated it.
I hate that guy so much.
If you say that, you're the worst person in the world.
Dude, yesterday I was with someone. Hey, it and it's all gone i'm like i fucking hate you yeah he's joking oh wait wait oh okay i thought you meant he was being serious but clearly joking
being like oh no to say that joke i hate your guts if you say that joke i've heard it too many
times at this point and i wrote it down on my phone. I'm bringing that up. Who said it?
I'm not telling.
Do I know him?
No.
Thank Christ.
No.
Is it a him?
It's a him, and he's old.
Wow.
I'll drop it at that.
You can't be dropping that.
You ate your food.
We know you like it. You don't tell the waiter.
Just say thank you.
You're a big joke.
You're a big joke.
I hated it.
Can't you tell?
Okay, here's my question to you.
Do you hate when the waiter says it? Like, oh big joke. I hated it. Can't you tell? Okay, here's my question to you. Did you hate when the waiter says it?
Like, oh, you must have hated it.
Worse.
I can't say anything about waiters here after Eberle when he threw me under the bus.
I still get hate for that.
So, Keith, would you agree?
Rudest waiter.
Oh, my God.
Actually, he's gotten better.
He's gotten better.
He was the worst, especially at, like, the country club we belong to, Sick Brag.
That's a
lie they love me there dude they'd like bring over his thing he'd be like oh thanks like not even like
oh thank you like someone's bringing you food i know i'm the same way but i'm just bad order
no you're actually not rude you're just on your phone so like you don't even know it's like you're
not even being rude on purpose you don't even even see what's happening. Except for when he orders.
Somebody's got to monetize this fucking podcast.
Except for when he orders a Caesar.
Yeah, I'll have the Caesar salad, but no Caesar or salad.
I'll have it with beets and arugula and goat cheese.
Oh, you want the goat cheese salad?
Yeah, but with the Caesar salad bowl.
You're like, Jesus, fuck, Biz.
All right, Biz, we're going to wrap this one up.
Do you have anything else to say?
Well, I kind of want to talk about Raya with AZ
because he actually was kind of downplaying my acceptance.
He's saying it's a little bit watered down now.
And I'm like, fuck you, dude.
I got accepted.
Don't rain on my parade.
No, it's cool that you got accepted four years after it came out.
I was in purgatory on the app
for a while
and then I got shut down.
But you said that you,
you got accepted
and you had a bunch of buddies
who did and didn't.
Yeah, I mean,
me, my brother and Gaudreau
applied for it and
Let's guess who didn't get in.
Go ahead, Paul.
You guess.
And only two of us got in.
Hammond Cheese didn't?
No, he didn't.
Dude, he's Johnny Hockey.
Hammond Cheese got accepted?
He's Johnny Hockey.
He got 90 points this year.
Well, you said four years ago.
I don't know if he had the check mark at that point.
Dude, he's Johnny Hockey when he was in college.
His only fault is the O.
I don't know.
But I'm saying a lot of it has to do with the fact that you're verified on Instagram.
That plays into the factor.
Four years later, it does.
Back then, they just knew who you were.
It didn't matter what checkmark you had.
That's probably why I didn't get accepted.
You had a face-to-face interview.
I got that checkmark, so fuck you guys. I'm alright, bitch.
But yeah, I mean...
You still on there, Hazy? You got an old lady.
I don't have an old lady,
but I don't really go on it anymore
because it's too watered down.
It's for like...
He's like, I got second tire
to fucking Instagram models.
I'm on the supermodels.
Oh, there is one question I wanted to ask you.
How fucking hot is Margot Robbie in person?
Is that how they say her name?
Yeah, it is.
It's the first name you've said correct all podcast.
Because it's the easiest name in the world.
Margot Robbie.
Traverisaurus Rex.
She is. Yeah, she's an absolute
10. Like, she comes to our games with
a Lundquist jersey on, wonder why.
Oh, God, that's, like, tough, right?
You can't take her seriously anymore, because, like,
imagine you marry her, you're like, how'd you meet your wife?
Oh, she was wearing a Lundquist jersey, and I went
up and said hi, and the rest is history.
And then I married my best friend.
And I heard he's got a huge wrench, too.
But no, that's also a sick part about playing in New York.
The people that come to our games are just top-notch,
and not even looks-wise, just coolness-wise.
Yeah, you meet some leg-drums.
But Susan Sarandon in between the bench this year
was a tough look for the New York Rangers.
See, I like it.
I don't even know who that is.
Hey, what's her name?
Miss McGill.
She's Miss McGill from Youngblood, right?
Oh.
What was that show she was on, though?
That show was lit.
I love.
She was on the most.
She was on.
What's she known most for?
Sarandon.
Susan Sarandon.
What was the show?
She was on like a night.
It was like Full House era.
Yeah.
What was her show?
Boys, this is. OK, so this is crazy that this just took a turn.
So you're saying that because she's probably a little older.
Well, here's a story for you.
So last night I go over to my buddy's place for dinner,
and his old man's the best, like business guy.
I always pick his brain about shit.
So he had two other friends coming over.
Well, this like 65, 70-year-old lady walked in.
Well, she walked in with another guy.
They weren't together.
Has obviously had a little bit of work done, but like not bad for 65.
I'll say that.
So she's like a business person too, and she's worth about 20 million.
And I get a text today saying from my buddy saying
hey that girl at dinner wants your number lady lady lady lady she's 65 and i'm thinking
damn like this chick would probably like bring me on a pj we could go on like a month trip to
europe like like is that i could flip the switch. I could be the
Instagram model going on one of those trips.
Minus that baked potato in the middle
of your face.
Well, that's true, but
she's not bad.
She's cute.
I'm trying to make excuses.
I think you go.
100.
If you don't go, you're the biggest donkey I've ever met.
You could change human mind.
You guys won't look at me differently?
God, no.
No, never.
I couldn't look at you worse.
Yeah.
Fact.
Hey, what if I get married to a 65-year-old woman?
Hey, and then you just take her to the cleaners.
You're putting Ambien in her drink a little more each night.
You're like, hey, you talking about Will yet?
That's murder, Ryan.
We're going a little offside here.
Yeah, that's his girlfriend.
That means it's time to wrap it up then, Obis.
Hey, well, I don't know.
I'm assuming she's pretty clean.
No, no, he meant wrap up the show, not your pecker.
Well, hey, here's the thing, though.
What if she tries to hit me with the prenup
and I'm like, whoa, come on here.
I'm kind of biting a bullet a little bit.
I'm doing you a favor.
I'm fucking dusting off the cobwebs
before I stick it in every night.
Come on here.
But you've got to think she's going to leave you.
At least give me a signing bonus or something.
You know what I mean?
Give me a guaranteed contract.
Maybe hit me with a little less during the lockout
year and front load the motherfucker.
Biz, we had a guy, I'm not going to
name any names, but we had
a guy in New York that
every time he went
out, he was with at least
two or three absolute rockets.
And we was the same conversation.
He's like, hey, do I start dating them?
Do I start dating them?
And it was between me and someone else.
Are you talking about yourself right now?
No.
Not at all.
Not even close.
And this was one of my good friends early in my career.
And we would always debate like hey can you
make first rounders with them and so that was like who we started hanging out with but i'm not
gonna name any names listen there's something about a tall woman that like damn like yeah i
want to i want to pump out a lebron james man i want to ride the wave i want the next fucking
athlete you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, or you could have some big goofy bitch and just have to be  Have like a Manute Ball, dude.
Yeah.
Biz, you should find  if you find some ripped chick who's like 5'11",
your kid could be a legit, really good UFC fighter.
He'd be dumb as shit, but he'd be tough as nails.
Biz is a horrible athlete. Horrible. Well, no. He'd be dumb as shit, but he'd be tough as nails. Biz is a horrible athlete.
Horrible? Well, no. He's
quick and stuff. He just has no hand eye.
No, I actually am not a good athlete
at anything. You never played baseball, right?
I'm good at drinking games and weird
different games. I'm not. Golf
suck.
He has his golf with me. Who's the best
athlete you ever played with?
Naturally, it has to be Mike
Ribeiro, because if you saw his body,
you wouldn't even know how he ties his fucking skates.
Dude,
is that Mark Anthony?
Who's
Farkit?
He does look like Mark Anthony.
Honestly, Yans, for what his body looks like
he he he would win uh best in shape guy at training camp every year and i'm like how
like your body's disgusting it's pale it's like a milk bag like oh you shave with a bick razor
one blade you're a piece of shit. I'm still here.
Oh, shit.
Hey, Keith.
Hey.
I'd say you.
You're probably the best all-around athlete, probably, I'd say.
Yeah.
Are you saying Biz or me?
No, not Biz.
Biz is horrible.
Literally, if you threw a tennis ball and it hit him right in the beak.
I would say Yans or Brady Shea.
Is Brady a good athlete?
The dude could have went D1 football.
And you said he shot 68 with you.
And he shot a 68 at interlock.
Oh, my God.
This guy's a fucking.
And he's hot.
Have you seen this kid's face?
He's a man dime, dude.
Dude, but his name's S-K-E-J-L-S-W-Y.
Like, it's the weirdest shit. He made fun of him on SNL.
Yeah, he got on SNL.
That's legit.
We have to actually wrap this up because the sponsors have only paid us for this much time.
We're not going to do more for free.
We'll trim the fat.
I'll pay.
I'll pay.
Shout out to, before we sign off, it's almost, I want to, no one should say a word for four
seconds after I say this.
Rest in peace to all the guys that play in the KHL that are leaving in two days.
Sorry, boys.
I mean, you're just going to leave before July 4th.
Wait, what do you mean?
Guys in the KHL have to be there July 2nd.
For camp?
Yes.
Yeah, but they also ended four months ago.
Still, dude, to leave right now for Russia.
Are you kidding me?
You're leaving summer in North America to go to Russia?
Hey, let's call a guy in Kelowna.
Hey, we're going to meet out at the course and we're going to go on the boat after.
Hey.
I'm flying to New York.
Then I'm flying to Rome.
Then I'm flying to Moscow.
Then I'm flying to St. Petersburg.
Then I got a flight to Yaroslavl.
And then I got a little plane over to Sochi.
So just punch me in the face and stab me to death.
So basically I'm actually joined in the amazing race and that's kind of like
part of the contract.
And then Biz will give you a Herschel backpack or whatever it is.
All right, Biz.
Shout out.
Biz, we love you.
We're going to get these guys on before they go out to camp.
And by the way,
these two had arguably their best season at the NHL
after coming on in chicklets this summer.
So thank you, everyone, for listening.
And say goodbye, Kevin.
Goodbye, everyone.
Say goodbye, Keith.
Peace out, everyone.
And, Biz, we love you.
We love you. I said, the boys are back in town. The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
