Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode is brought to you by Tommy John.
The summer heat wave last week had everybody probably sweating their britches a little bit too much in the Northeast for sure.
That's why you want to get Tommy John's cool cotton underwear made with quick-drying moisture-wicking fabrics.
It's the best pair you'll ever wear, or it's free guarantee.
If Tommy John's not the most incredible fit you have ever tried, it's on them.
No more swamp butt.
Again, we had a heat wave up here in the Northeast last week.
It was brutal.
You basically got a waterfall in your shorts.
Well, with Tommy John, that does not happen.
Our friends at Tommy John call it swamp butt.
You might call it something else, but you can eliminate it just by ordering Tommy John.
The cool cotton also never rides up on you.
It's got the latest fabric technology with patented designs for a fit so perfect,
it's almost like I'm wearing nothing at all, Homer.
So all the Tommy John underwear is backed, again, by the best pair you'll ever wear,
or it's free guarantee.
Try it out.
You don't like it, you get your money back.
Absolutely nothing to lose.
So go to hurry right now and go to TommyJohn.com slash chiclets for 20 off your first order.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chiclets for 20 off.
TommyJohn.com slash chiclets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. Tommy John.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode Mikhail Sergeyev of Spittin' Chicklets,
brought to you by Bastl Sports.
There's not a lot of 98s out there.
I had to cheat.
I'm not going to lie.
Only three, I think, in NHL history.
Say hello to the boys, producer Mikey Grinelli.
Hello, gentlemen.
Boy, Paul Bissonnette.
Hello.
And our other boy, Raya Whitney.
He's on Carlson Watch. He's stalking Eric Carlson in Europe.
So when the news breaks, we're going to have boots on the ground right away to get his immediate reaction slash golfing trip.
So, Biz, man, you've had a busy time the last couple of weeks.
We had the Fourth of July in America last week.
Calgary Stampede was going on.
I understand you stopped by.
Oh, yeah, that Stampede was going on. I understand you stopped by. Oh, yeah.
That was the time. But before we get there,
you said that only three players in NHL
history have wore that number? I believe.
According to a hockey
reference, yeah. I'm going to double-check while you're talking,
but I think so, yeah. I'm going to double-check right now.
A little fun fact
from R.A.
And, boys, I haven't had a chance
to talk to Whit much before he went on his
trip. Now, if something does happen with Carlson while he's there, do we have exclusivity as far
as getting the first interview with Carlson? I mean, I hope so. We'll see. We'll see. We're
going to really, we're going to really put the test. Have you heard confirmation of that?
Yes.
Grinnelli, have you heard confirmation of that?
I tried to send Whitney with his microphone just in case this did go down.
I got no response, but that goes unnoticed.
But hopefully Whitney can do something with his phone. Well, we know how those golf tournaments go.
Yeah, you know how those go.
Hopefully he can do something with his phone.
Well, R.A., you touched on it.
I actually went to Calgary.
The main reason was for for charity golf tournament. Jason LaBarbera's wife, who we have on the show coming up later, his wife, Codette, she I think she was on Hockey Wives as well. She she helps with the charity. It's called Breakfast Club. Great cause. They feed a bunch of Canadian kids who go to school. I wouldn't say hungry. Just maybe parents don't have enough to feed them in the morning or for whatever reason.
But nonetheless, a good cause.
I think the tournament raised 100,000.
And then it just so happens it fell on the Thursday, which is the night they kick off Stampede.
And that was a fucking time.
That was a fucking time.
And boys, let me tell you, I would say 400 people in the span of three days yelled or came up and mentioned spit and chiclets.
We have a shit ton of fans out in Western Canada.
It was overwhelming.
So all of you listening, thank you for coming up and saying hi. I was a little inebriated at some point so i probably don't remember half the times
but uh friday i met up with some old teammates uh kirk gogol and kevin rain had had a good fun
time with some some also vancouver friends uh and then saturday was special i got to uh i got the
bumble notches no no i i actually got a better match it It was a Johnny Goudreau DM slide.
He slid into my DMs.
Humble brag.
Johnny Hale cheese.
And he's like, Biz, what are you up to?
And I said, man, just at Stampede having a good time.
I went and met him and a bunch of his buddies were in from New Jersey or Philly or wherever his boys are from.
And we tied one on at a mexican restaurant and uh actually sam bennett
and mark john uh jan kowski was there two great guys uh dutro was behaving himself he had some
responsibilities i think he's looking for a big season actually the boys were chuckling he had to
ride a horse in the parade the stampede parade and this fucking guy was wearing
gucci boots on the horse so the boys were giving it to him a bit about that but so so towards the
end of the meal i just was kind of figuring we were going to be leaving soon so i i went and
took a piss quick and i got back and the first words in my mouth hey boys do you want to square
up the bill and they all just burst out laughing because they're like
they're like fuck you biz we listen to the podcast we know your washroom trick when the bill comes
and the full bill was sitting right in my spot when i got back so we all had a good howl about
that and uh and i was like no i was like i didn't i didn't go to the bathroom for that i did not
know the bill was coming so we end up playing the credit card game and uh the rich do not get richer uh johnny
ham and cheese lost that one took care of the boys and uh once again thank you to him and all
of his crew for taking care of me and what a blast we had and and uh all right you need to get out to
stampede grinnell you too man yeah i've heard i've heard about now explain to our american audience
who may not be familiar with it, what does it entail?
Is it like a lot of like roping calves, like riding bulls?
Like what exactly takes part in the Stampede?
Well, this is my second three-day bender at the Stampede.
So you don't remember.
So I've actually never seen a horse.
I just go to the Cowboys tent.
You just piss like one all weekend.
I just  you know what it is?
It's like Vegas kind of on steroids where everyone's a lot friendlier.
Everyone's a lot friendlier.
And I guess you don't really have to get tables.
I guess some people do go upstairs of Cowboys and get the VIP treatment.
But I like kind of mingling with the regular folk.
But it's a 10-day rodeo festival and at some
point they're like why don't we capitalize and turn this into an absolute shit show so there's
a few different bars that host parties and and set up tents and cowboys runs for 10 10 uh days
and nights straight it is a fucking time i recommend a bachelor party uh trip there for sure
how the girls in calgary western
canadian girls are absolutely gorgeous they were they're super friendly it's just a great time i
would say at that these tents you're dealing with about 60 guys to 40 women maybe up to 65 men
but nonetheless a great time beautiful women you drink your face off and i was i left
on sunday i was gonna stay for keigo and then i was like oh no that guy fucking sewered me in my
dock so fuck you i ain't staying and uh and i peaced out i was hoping to get up calgary a couple
uh well they weren't the players this past season but two years ago one of one of my followers one
of our listeners as well he's at the games um and he's like hey dude you want to get on the 50 50 remember the 50 50s are like
250 000 in calgary a couple couple seasons ago so i would paypal him money during the game so i would
have live action on the 50 50 on the playoff game in calgary so i mean i obviously i didn't win but
if it ever won like i'd be like yeah i'd fucking fly out to Calgary to pick up 120,000 Canadian or whatever it was.
So it's kind of cool to have that fucking option anyways, you know?
So a quick 50-50 story is our last game of the year in Vancouver was the Sedins' last game.
And at the end of the season, what they do is they pull all the 50-50s that haven't been claimed.
And also, it was the city's final game so
going into the game i believe it was already at like 300 000 maybe even 400 this thing i think i
want to say it ended up at close to 700 000 for a 50 50 i want to say that's got to be the biggest
one in nhl history it's got to be up there i mean it, it's, it's great. That's, that's banana lands. I know. That's what the six 49 walking out of a hockey game with fucking six figures in
your pocket.
So talking to Johnny hockey,
the boys,
he's very excited about next season.
They've made some really good trades and he,
he was,
he wasn't going too hard.
He was,
he's training pretty hard.
He's getting,
getting serious.
You know,
he's growing up.
John,
Johnny hockey is the man.
I think we're going to get him on the pod pretty soon, but that's pretty much it for the Stampede boys, but some big news out
of Montreal, R.A. Yeah, Shea Weber. I mean, he already had one surgery he was recuperating from,
and then they determined they had to do another one. The first one, I believe, was on his left
ankle, and I think the second was on his right knee. Bottom line is he's not going to be back
in the lineup until December at the earliest,
and then obviously has to play himself into game shape from there.
But, I mean, there was no real rosy outlook for the Canadians,
and I'm not even picking on him as a Boston troll, just as a neutral NHL observer.
Nobody was feeling really too well about the Canadians going into this season,
and now they're just going to be that much worse having no shape.
Weber, just a huge hole in the lineup.
There's no way you really replace him.
Tough man.
Tough, tough loss.
And it sucks for, you know, fans of the league.
Shea Weber is a great player.
He's the type of guy you love to watch.
He's kind of an old school, mean, tough defenseman.
Can score on you.
Can kind of do it all.
So, you know, it sucks for the fans of the league who appreciate a guy like him to watch him play.
it sucks for the fans of the league who appreciate a guy like him to watch him watching him play well i mean i guess we could start off with the fact that you know first of all shea weber is the
best guy unreal leader uh you know i think everybody was kind of suspect about the trade
when it happened looking back on it my only question was when they gave up suban for him
i was like why why was there something not else included I thought Montreal could have probably got either a decently high draft pick or maybe a
prospect uh clearly the trade has not worked out in Montreal's favor that kind of put Bergevin on
the hot seat to begin with I mean looking at the trade for Galchenyuk for Domi right now I would say there's another one that they've lost right off the hop that people aren't happy about.
And then, of course, you're in Montreal, so the media is going nuts.
One thing that, just to give people, even our American listeners, an idea of what they're dealing with in Montreal.
So the injury was announced by the team on July 5th.
So the injury was announced by the team on July 5th.
Weber actually had surgery on that knee on June 19th, but they had a press conference about the team on July 2nd,
and they didn't even say anything about it.
So come July 5th, everybody's losing their minds
that they hadn't already discussed this.
Not like it's going to matter, but this is kind of blowing out of control too.
That spiraling.
Now, R. That's spiraling.
Now, R.A., to get to more about Weber, he's got eight years left on his contract.
He's got a cap hit of just under 8 million.
I mean, the term is probably the biggest headache moving forward.
Yeah, I mean, that was the issue when, I mean, let's not forget,
that was the contract he originally signed with the Philadelphia Flyers, correct, on the office sheet?
Well, it was offered by the Flyers, and Nashville ended up matching it.
Right, right.
What was crazy about the deal was how front-loaded it was,
and especially with signing bonus.
I believe in a 13 month span
he made 27 million dollars right no i know obviously he signed it with nashville but yeah
this is in other words it's going back to a 12 to the 12 13 season this is something that people
said way back then when when this gets to the end of the last few years of this contract that's going
to be a hassle and to be honest with you i'm not sure what montreal's buyout situation will be in a couple years i mean obviously well i'm going to tell you so
so i don't know who gets put on the hook for this contract if he uh if he uh retires before it's
over i believe it would be nashville who's on the hook for it he's set to make six million dollars
in the last four years of this contract total and in the last four years of this contract total.
And in the last three years of this contract,
he's set to make a million dollars a year.
So 3 million in the last three years.
So it was fairly front loaded.
This was before they ended up figuring out that that was a bit of a loophole
in the CBA.
So as far as Montreal paying them,
while they'll,
they might be off the hook,
but as far as what they gave up well, they might be off the hook.
But as far as what they gave up, if he does end up retiring early, just a colossal, colossal mistake by them on that trade.
Now, I'm hoping that he recovers from this knee injury and then he comes back and finishes his career nice and healthy and has a decent end to it. Just so he can avoid hearing about this fucking trade for the rest of his life.
Christ, I don't even want to hear about it anymore.
Yeah, it's just, well, I don't know if it's unfortunate is the word,
but just one of those situations where, yeah, he's forever going to be intrinsically linked to P.K. Subban
because when a trade like this happens, that's just the way it goes.
You know, it's always going to be there.
And as far as we're talking about all the, you know people got to worry about the contract the only one who doesn't have to worry about anything is shea weber i mean
he's going to get all that money at one way or the other at the end of the day you know if if i had
him on this podcast the first thing i would ask him would be like how fucking sick and tired are
you of hearing about this and i would want him to just be candid about
it he's got to be so exhausted not amount of money would would uh i would be able to put up
with that kind of shit so i don't know my heart goes out to him for that and i wish the canadians
nothing but the best moving forward because that's a a fan base that is a very frustrated right now
and uh all right i'm going to pass it on to you. Would you want to get more into
the Carlson drama?
Yeah, I mean, well, like I said,
we got our boy Wits on the ground over there.
I mean, it's another thing. I don't even know if
it's drama at this point. There wasn't,
I guess, an erroneous report out
of Ottawa. It was a reporter who
never broke a story before. He came out
and said that the deal was pending.
It happened. It was pending a trade call. Like two days later,
he's like, Oh, I got a bad source. I apologize.
So there's nothing further on it. You know, and people forget,
there's no time limit. This trade can happen tomorrow.
It could happen in two months. There's, you know, there's no urgency for it.
I don't know. I mean, everyone thought it was Tampa was a slam dunk,
but it doesn't seem like that's happening right now. Nothing would surprise me.
He's been linked to so many teams.
It really wouldn't shock me at any point.
Do you think he ends up in Vegas?
Do you think Tampa Bay?
Who do you think is the lead in the clubhouse?
Well, Ari, I was going to say a lot of my focus hasn't been on him as far as free agents and potential signings.
I've been focusing a lot on Ross Johnson for the Islanders.
So do you actually have a list of teams that are still in the hunt for Carlson,
or is it still pretty broad and wide open?
I mean, Tampa's the leader in the clubhouse, I'd have to say.
Still, Vegas was his prominent team.
Mention Grinnelly.
Was there anyone else there, too?
I know there's been a handful of teams mentioned.
No, I just knew that Friedman said the last two teams
were Vegas and Tampa were still
in the hunt, and they were still both
pursuing him heavily. I mean, all right.
I think that's huge for Vegas
for the simple fact that they still have
a lot of cap space available,
and they have a
shit ton of draft picks.
And also, another major point, well, we haven't
got to it yet. We'll bring it up now, is Kucherov.
Nikita Kucherov signed a huge deal, signed an eight-year, 76 million deal.
After this season, his salary is going to basically double to 9.5 million a year.
So that's something that, you know, Tampa Bay is going to have to take into consideration
if they were to try to bring in Carlson.
Because Carlson's got one more year left at his current deal, I think 6 a half mil or seven mil. He's going to go up to about 11 mil.
So, you know, Tampa's got Stammer at eight and a half, Hedman at 7.875, and now Kucherov at nine
and a half. So that's three guys. I mean, they're all under 30. They're all locked up through 2024.
But, you know, if they were to add Carlson at 11 mil to that, you know, Stevie Eisman is going to have to get absolutely creative.
But shout out to Kuch for getting paid.
All right.
Unbelievable transition, by the way.
I love how you went from Carlson right to Tampa because we had to talk about
the Kucherov signing 44.5 million in bonuses he signed for.
He's going to get 76 million over eight years, which is a 9.5 million in bonuses he signed for. He's going to get 76 million over eight years, which is a 9.5 million average salary.
They got Stammer locked up for 8.5.
Just to give people outside of Florida an idea of how much an advantage, or I guess outside of states that don't pay state income tax,
states that don't pay state income tax is uh you would have to pay kucherov 12 million dollars in california to make what he's making in tampa in new york you'd have to pay him 11 million
and anywhere in ontario you'd have to pay him 10.9 so and this is the question i want to ask
you are right how do you feel about the league maybe stepping in and making it fair as far as the state income tax is concerned?
Because it's such a fucking advantage for some of these teams.
Well, that's an interesting point.
Yeah, it's something I don't think really gets talked about a lot.
It's definitely a selling point for the Florida teams.
Of course, you have to live in Florida, too.
Yeah, but the thing is, I'm just picking up.
Right. But the communities that these guys are living in Florida too. Yeah. But the other side of the thing is I'm just picking up. Right. But the
communities that these guys are living in are, are unbelievable. And Florida's got good weather.
I get what you're saying on a huge scale. Florida is just that, that state that every other state
makes fun of it's, you know, Florida may like hashtag Florida, man, that joke. No, it's a,
it's a beautiful state, but I think the league is kind of really limited in what they can do.
I think it's just the, you know, the kind just the vagaries of the tax code and where people live.
Unfortunately, some states get whacked worse than others, and I know obviously when guys play in Canada, that's even a bigger issue
because somewhere in Toronto, you get absolutely fucking creamed in taxes.
Buy a hamburger at a bar in Toronto.
Look at your receipt.
There's 17 people getting their cut from you.
So I think it's just an issue that it's in pro sports. It's just one of those things that no matter where you play, you just got to pay the fiddler no matter where you are. And if you're
lucky to play in Florida, then that's just one of the benefits you get. But I'd like to think it all
comes out in the wash. If you play in one place, you know, you might get maybe a better endorsement
deals or something like that. So I don't think there's really a solution if it's really a problem.
I just don't know what the league can actually do about it.
Hey biz, how much, when guys are signing their contracts,
how much do these, do these guys pay attention to that?
Well, the reason I say that too, is, is majority of these,
these cities where you pay the least amount of tax and I'm going to read them
off to you now. Well, the, places are Nashville, Tampa Bay, Vegas, Dallas, Florida, Chicago, Arizona, and then Colorado.
And then the list goes on after that.
But not only are those unbelievable places to live as far as weather and just how nice they are,
they have the advantage of paying guys less.
And guys want to stay there, especially if they have decent teams.
Now, Ari, you mentioned the fact about the Canadian teams.
Well, based on Kucherov's salary, the three worst teams,
as far as what he would net, would be Montreal, Toronto, and Ottawa
being dead last.
So of that 9.5, he'd be seeing 4.45 million of that.
So basically it's cut in half.
And it's, I mean, Christ, I mean, you got to live in fucking Ottawa and then the team's
not very good right now.
So who the fuck are they going to attract?
With the reasons what we're talking about, it's kind of ironic.
Those are the kind of the reasons why Quebec had to leave for Colorado and Winnipeg had to leave for Arizona with these kind of similar economic problems
that when guys are getting whacked that bad, they don't want to either play there
or it's just tough to make money.
Well, R.A., it's tough to make money playing in that spot.
You know, it's just a tough situation.
I don't think any teams are going to go anywhere anytime soon from Canada,
but it's just interesting that there's still economic problems involved with Canadian teams.
Well, okay, so you also touched on the fact that they have a lot of money
wrapped up in the high-end talent on that team.
Tampa Bay's projected salary cap for next season,
with just 12 players signed right now
is just under 66 million so right now they have roughly 14 million left for the rest of the guys
they need to sign so they're very top heavy you talked about them getting carlson i think the
only way that happens is if they give up a a very healthy pick and maybe even a prospect because uh
callahan's making 5.8 that's this cap hit at least for the next two seasons and there i would say
tampa bay's windows probably about four or five years so they can't be burning years with with
with a contract like that on the back end i say fuck it get rid of some
picks and and ship that guy out in order to get carlson or at least sign some other good valuable
players for depth yeah they're definitely in a win now mode you know they want to strike by the
irons hut and again if i don't have any inkling if they're gonna get uh carlson or not but if they
if they were to get them yeah they're gonna have have to make a shitload of moves, dump salary.
I know Callahan's a name that keeps coming up.
And, you know, their system seems to be so stocked that they have a plethora of guys
they can just pull from.
I don't think they'd have any problem getting Carlson.
It's just, you know, like I said, they'll be very top-heavy after that.
They just got to make sure that they fill the rest of their roster out.
And honestly, for a team that hasn't won a Stanley Cup,
Tampa Bay certainly gets treated like one.
They get respected like a team who's won a cup
just because of the way they run their organization.
But you think if they got rid of the guys, it wouldn't even affect them
just because they're so good, even though I know they flamed out this year
in the playoffs.
But I don't know.
To me, they're the best contender that hasn't won a cup.
It feels like it should happen in a year i i think a major part of this carlson trade that that you guys didn't mention is that vegas would be able to take on bobby ryan's contract and
that's something that ottawa is really trying to get rid of well but okay so i was actually
going to go the other way with that granelli is if i'm if i'm ottawa they're not going to go the other way with that Grinnelli is if I'm if I'm Ottawa they're not
going to be good for a long period of time I'm assuming they're in complete rebuild mode now
if I'm them I try to maybe grab one of those young prospects on Tampa Bay maybe point eat
Callahan's contract and then get back Carlson who is obviously in the midst of that trade going to sign right
away and maybe even a top pick on top of that so you got to start thinking like that as well but
i mean does vegas have anything young that's that's uh good right now that they'd be willing
to part with shea theodore i think shea theodore is a defenseman that's name's been thrown around in this.
So you're saying Shea Theodore goes back there and then Bobby Ryan and Carlson come over?
Obviously, Vegas would probably have to send over a pick as well.
Yeah, I heard Shea Theodore and a couple picks would have to go over in a first and maybe a second would have to go over there.
So, I mean, I guess it's all speculation right now but i mean that it definitely makes sense more so with vegas with how much
salary cap they have left but we'll see if stevie y can pull another rabbit out of his ass and uh
all right i'm gonna throw it to you because i don't really know much about this subject
either because i mentioned i've been on the ross johnston uh off ross johnson train for a while here uh panarin what's going on with him in columbus
yeah tammy panarin uh he made it clear he does not want to sign a long-term contract extension
he does have one more year left on this current deal it's six million dollars he's going to make
this upcoming season before he becomes an unrestricted free agent. Again, Columbus approached him to do something long-term. He's not
interested in that right now. It seems like he wants to experience unrestricted free agency,
which that's what guys play for. You can't be grudging for that. And also, Elliot Freeman,
I believe he's on our buddy Jeff Marrick. Well, I hope they're both friends of the show. Jeff
Marrick's podcast, I believe he was on, or the Marrick. Well, they're both friends of the show. Jeff Marrick's podcast, I believe he was on the podcast they have together.
And he said that Panarin wanted to be near, quote, a body of water.
So I guess Lake Erie, just north of Columbus, isn't up to snuff for a body of water for him.
Apparently he means the Atlantic or the Pacific Ocean.
I don't know, just drawing conclusions.
So, yeah, Panarin, you got gotta think he's trade bait now talking about
guys getting traded because if you're the gm of columbus and the guy doesn't want to sign long
term there then that's a guy who doesn't probably want to be there after the season so if i'm yamo
kika lane and i'm taking phone calls on him right now cool that's yeah that's what i'm saying you
get rid of him now while he's still valuable because he i believe he has one more season
under contract with columbus and then he's i mean I think it's pretty evident he's going to take off and and another example of
you know it sucks because it's such a good hockey town now that they're relevant again and and it
just it's just tough to keep these free free agent guys and the big names there because they want to
be in nicer cities and I mean I don't know if uh i don't know if
they're going to be able to get something valuable for them before the season starts but uh i guess
we'll see see i think in columbus i i mean i've never been there i've heard terrific things about
the city i know it's it's a big college town but i think it's just that they they just don't have
like a winning culture there yet i know they're trying to get one and you can only do that by
winning uh but i think once they have like a reputation as a yet. I know they're trying to get one, and you can only do that by winning.
But I think once they have like a reputation as a team who can actually do something.
So they're kind of like Minnesota.
Like Minnesota just kind of has a drab reputation.
They've never really  haven't had a playoff run in 15 years.
So I think if there was a winning culture, then guys would want to go there.
So I don't know.
I think Columbus, like I said, I've never been there.
I've heard it's a good town. It's a good place to raise a family that type of stuff I just think there's no winning
culture there and that's that's the draw that you know the reason why they're probably not getting
guys to stay there or want to stay there you know what I found your statement a little critical at
first as far as them not being a winning culture but I'd have to lean towards I agree with you
although they you know they they
had that great year where they played pittsburgh i think in the first round correct or did they get
to the second round i think that was two years ago dude yeah asking me in july playoff things i know
i know blends together but yeah no they they had a well the series that bobrovsky played terrible
and you know like they had a good a great regular season and then it all went to pot in the first round of the
playoffs.
So,
right.
And then,
and they,
I mean,
they were up to nothing on Washington this year and gave it away.
And,
uh,
I mean,
I,
I don't,
I don't mind their team though.
They got,
they got a great backend.
They got obviously good,
good goaltending,
but unproven in playoffs.
And they,
I mean,
they had some solid forward depth, but they're kind of losing that slowly.
But they've got a decent wave of young players coming up.
So I guess we'll see.
And hopefully that organization and that city deserves it.
Hopefully they can trade Panarin and get something valuable back in return
and continue their decent success as of late.
It feels like they're on the cusp every year.
And believe me, like i say i i
root for all cities man i i want you know a rising tide lifts all boats you want the league to be
healthy and you know they just seem like every year they're on the cusp of it and then you know
this year but bruski blew up again you know like they out in the first round after one of the first
two games so you know i it all it takes is one year to change it though and you know once you
get that like kind of established culture or whatever then you know you can start drawing guys um just go back to kucherov too once that
r.a fact fire 1.20 points per game over the last two seasons only two guys ahead of him conor mcdavid
and gino malcolm so he's uh he's been pretty impressive player the last couple seasons so
i mean nine and a half sheets we see tamaris got 11 and you wonder like how many guys regret you know maybe guys like bergeron and wayne simmons they signed those you know six
seven year deals to guarantee themselves five million dollars and if they only took a you know
two three years less they'd be cashing in for eight nine million right now they ended up you
know they got the security but in hindsight they left a lot of money on the table a lot of these
well i mean how about i think gino makes the same exact as Sid,
who I think are the two best contracts in the league at 8.7777
until the sevens run out.
But, no, that's a great point.
But speaking of contracts, I wanted to bring this name up
because I thought he got hosed.
But there might be some, I might be some magic in the making
to potentially sign him longer term during the season.
But Patrick Maroon, he got a one-year deal at 1.75.
And this is a guy who had 74 games last year.
He had 17 goals, 26 assists.
And the year before that, he had 27 goals and 15 assists.
Of course, the the numbers maybe swayed
a tiny bit from playing with connor mcdavid but nonetheless even after getting traded had a decent
end to the season helped new jersey get in the playoffs ra how do you feel about that geez um
i would have thought he would have got more money from i don't know if not even longer term for an
unrestricted free agent. I mean,
yeah, you say his numbers might've been inflated via McDavid, but I would've thought he would've at least got two years somewhere else. If not in St. Louis, I know he's a St. Louis kid. Maybe
he took somewhat of a home, a hometown discount there, which apparently he did, but yeah, it's a
bit of a head scratch. It just, like I say, it's, you know, he just had a contract year and now he's, he's getting another contract year. I mean, he could certainly give himself a hell of a head scratch. It just, like I say, it's, you know, uh, he just had a contract here and now he's,
he's getting another contract here.
I mean,
he could certainly give himself a hell of a bump and pay if he has a 25,
uh,
goal a year,
he can get himself a nice payday next year.
But yeah,
for coming off into UFA status,
I was a little surprised that definitely scratching my head over that deal.
Well,
I mean,
he's going back home too.
And maybe this is a deal where he,
he wasn't happy with what he was getting other places.
And he thought, you know what, St. Louis with the fucking moves they've made,
credit to Armstrong there, the GM.
I think maybe he's thinking, I go in there for half a season,
I put fucking 15 tucks in the net in the first half,
and then I get a big, fat, juicy contract back home.
So I hope nothing but the best for that guy, a really good team guy,
great guy around the locker room.
And, yeah, I mean, I guess we can end on this note, R.A.,
as far as the hockey talk.
Oh, you want one more thing?
Sorry.
Oh, no, go ahead.
I'll follow you on note.
Well, we're going to talk about my boy Ross Johnson with the Islanders
getting a four-year deal at 1 million a year.
I fucking love when no-namers just get deals out of nowhere.
Fucking right.
All the credit to him.
And his agent, the fucking Hamburglar.
Hamburglar.
No, I was going to mention, finally, after all this time,
the Anaheim Ducks are going to retire Paul Curry as number nine.
He's been out of the league for five years now.
It seems like it should have happened already, but they're going to retire his number and also Scott Niemeyer as well.
Not to say my two separate nights, but I just want to give a shout out to Curry.
He's one of those guys a lot of our listeners grew up watching,
certainly playing him in video games.
One of the most dynamic players of his era.
Unfortunately, he got some, you know, bad concussion issues, had to retire.
So, yeah, I guess better late than never.
Again, I thought the Ducks would have already done it.
I mean, Tameu Solani got his number retired the next season.
You know, those guys ran together for a long time.
So, congrats to Correa.
Go ahead, Biz.
Well, I just  I think that he's one of those guys ran together for a long time so congrats to korea go ahead well i i just
uh i think that he's one of those guys that just doesn't really want to be seen and just kind of
wanted to go away and he wants to i guess wants that inner peace uh now a few funny uh paul
career stories because fiddler played with him in nashville and uh he said that he would uh
chew his food the exact same amount of bites every single time before he
would swallow it he was one of those guys that was very particular about everything he did and even
on uh on game days he would not climb stairs refused and uh apparently vernon fiddler and his
paul creos girlfriend i think he's still with her at the time,
she was telling Vera Fiddler's wife that sometimes when they get in an argument on game days,
like if they ever got in a little argument, she would just walk upstairs.
And he would be trying to talk to her from the bottom of the stairs.
And she would go in the room and close the door.
And he would not go up the fucking stairs.
Because he was worried about losing his legs for the game.
So this guy wanted to give himself every opportunity to have as much success on the ice as possible.
To the point where he wouldn't even walk up a fucking staircase, man.
That's funny.
When we had Kachuk on a couple weeks ago, he actually mentioned briefly playing a career in T.
He goes, oh, talk about a lunatic with his practices.
And I actually, I wanted to ask him, but we had we had you know so many other things to talk to him about but he even weeks
ago yeah he had kind of routine uh routine fucking crazy practice habits go ahead another one well
well there was uh there was two other things he would always put a towel down in front of the
stall and do his stretches and he would always come in at the same time always on the in the
same routine and uh i forget who the prankster was that the guys were saying but he would always come in at the same time always on the in the same routine and uh i
forget who the prankster was that the guys were saying but he would always go like like fold over
his towel a little bit just to mess with him and he would come back in and he would never be mad
he was apparently he was such a very a relaxed uh calm guy and uh and uh i mean you everyone saw on
that program he was he was i wouldn't say cheap as a word just
very conservative with his money apparently he when he was making half a million dollars a paycheck
he would only take out five thousand dollars cash for that two-week period and that's all he would
spend he wouldn't wouldn't go over that he would pay his car payment he would pay this payment and
and he would be good to go all right right, Biz, another thing we talk about is routines, is vaping routines.
I don't know what you have been hitting for vapes lately, but, you know, sometimes it's
hard to find a satisfying one that's simple and convenient.
That's why we've been using MyBlue lately.
MyBlue gives you all the satisfaction with none of the hassle.
It's just click and go.
It's got the one-click liquid pod.
You can switch flavors in seconds, ton of flavors to choose from.
It takes 20 minutes to charge.
You're all set for the day.
Right now, for a limited time, Blue is letting you guys, our listeners, try the MyBlue starter kit for just a dollar.
But hurry up because it won't last long.
You want to head over to MyBlue.com, check out MyBlue and their 1 trial offer on a MyBlue kit.
So go to MyBlue.com for the full details.
Learn today. Terms and conditions apply. Biz, are you going to check it out or what? trial offer on a my blue kit so go to my blue.com for the full details learn today terms and
conditions apply busy you're going to check it out or what yeah i i vape a little bit for sure
yeah so definitely you know we i'm not the biggest vape guy getting a little bit lately but
i when i use it i definitely go to my blue so my blue.com check it out like we said we got all the
click the new one click liquid pods so you can try new flavors.
I would like to learn how to do all those fancy tricks that all the kids do with the vape.
Uh-oh.
Hello, fellow youths.
Hello, fellow young kids.
It's like those fidget spinners.
All the cool kids are doing it, right?
Yeah, exactly, like the pogs, too.
All right, so once again, check it out at MyBlue.com.
They've got a 1 trial.
Go there and get your kit and let us know how it goes.
So, anyways, yeah.
So, it's nice to see Paul Correa is finally going to get his number retired.
Go ahead, Paulie.
And last one, a little fun fact.
Oh, yeah.
We got plenty of Paulie stories.
Go ahead.
Yeah, yeah.
Apparently, Paul Correa, if you gave him a stick, because he always had a measuring stick for how long a stick would be,
you could cut it to where it was off by like a millimeter and he would be able to pick it up and be like yep too long and and and then he would pick it up if you cut a little too short and he'd say too
short the and the boys tested him on it and he fucking nailed it every time this guy was
the ultimate professional and uh nothing but respect for paul korea and if you haven't seen it
it's like the equipment becomes extensions of their like arms and legs kind of right it's almost
like they're part of their bodies because they hold on to it so much i mean christ i just had a
hard time getting on my states my feet were so swollen from boozing so much and uh i we quickly
maybe touch on the islanders i don't know what the fuck they're doing.
They're just kind of giving out these four-year deals to everyone.
I know Komarov got one.
I don't know.
They got Martin back.
I mean, obviously not big-name moves in order to help their franchise win anytime soon.
And that's nothing against those guys.
It's just they seem to be stacking up on a lot of the's nothing against those guys. It's just they don't, they seem to be stacking up
on a lot of the bottom six kind of guys. Yeah, they got a huge hole in their lineup losing
Tavares. It's kind of an irreplaceable guy. There's no one you can go out and just plug in the lineup
and hope to do what he did. Yeah, it's going to be tough, man. They're already a team that's
struggling. They haven't had a goaltender for a few years because the defense has been a struggle.
I know they're bringing Lou in, but I don't know how much of a hand Lou had with
Toronto. They obviously got lucky with getting Austin Matthews in the draft. So
it's going to be interesting to see what happens, man. I agree with Chris Johnston last week. I
think the Islanders should have read the tea leaves better and realized that he probably
wasn't going to come back and got something for him but uh it sucks because they are diehard fans they're good fans
down there and you know it's fun to make fun of frankie barelli but it does suck for the people
who are diehards and you know that there's there's the next few years just don't look good for the
man you know yeah that's a lot of pressure on barzell too moving forward especially using johnny
t and having such a successful first year now uh we're pretty much done with the talky talk here.
And, Ari, I've got to ask you a serious question.
Please.
Have you ever been like a feet guy, like in the girls' feet?
No.
I've never really been a foot fetish guy.
I've never really  no, no.
Lots of other parts of their anatomy, but not their feet.
Okay, so I'm not a huge feet guy
either like i don't think girls feet are disgusting or i don't think they're like the
creme de la creme but i have a a friend in arizona and she's she's she's cool and uh
she started like becoming like a foot model for guys who have foot fetishes and she's making
fucking bank on this yes i've
been hearing about this yes and apparently they were talking about it on barstool radio recently
and when i sat down had a beer with her i would say it was about a month ago maybe six weeks when
i was still in arizona she was kind of giving me the whole like the whole uh routine of how this got going and how she makes money off it.
So I wanted to have her on the podcast and I just want to pick her brain for
our guests to hear about like,
what the fuck these guys are into.
Like they,
and apparently some of the things that they're into about the feet,
I'm very surprised about.
So we're going to invite her on.
We're not going to use her name for privacy reasons,
but she does want us to throw out her, her special we're not going to use her name uh for privacy reasons but she
does want us to throw out her her special handle that's private uh cool name it's called arch
bishop and you'll figure out why once we bring her on so uh welcome to the show arch bishop
thank you thank you for having me it's quite a feat getting you here. Oh, shit. Joke man over there.
I'm going to resist.
We're going to chase her away, all right?
Yeah, I took a tow truck over tonight, so don't mind me.
So, Arch Bishop, the reason I'm having you on the podcast is because of our conversation we had in Arizona when I was very intrigued by the underworld of foot fetishes and how now women, mostly women, are monetizing it and making some dough off it.
Yeah, you know, I'm surprised as well because I didn't really know how deep this was until I started researching it about a year ago.
And how did you come across it?
Okay, so I've always had compliments on my feet,
but a lot of women do. I never thought it was that deep. And one day, I was in Oregon where
you never get to wear open-toed shoes. And I posted a picture on my main page, my regular
personal page, of my feet and some sandals. And hey, it's a sunny day. I can't believe it. I can wear open-toed shoes.
The next day, I wake up to over 1,000 new followers, and they're all, every single tag of these pages were foot fetish pages.
And I couldn't figure out.
Somebody had saw my feed on the Explore page or something and then reposted my picture
and tagged me, and here they come, all these foot fetish guys.
And I've got all these new followers and all these DMs asking if they can buy worn socks,
sweaty socks, and if I can sell them custom pictures.
And I was weirded out about it.
And I'm like, what?
Gross.
No.
Like, what are you talking about?
So I kept getting it.
I kept getting these questions.
So I finally decided to research it and see what it was all about.
Money, money, money.
Well, first of all, the sweaty socks thing.
So now you're selling these sweaty socks to men online?
So, yes.
So to me, while I get to that point, I first started doing custom.
Well, I finally started the page.
I started doing custom pictures.
They might want my feet in a certain open to a sandal,
or I found out it's really not about the pedicure.
Cause that's what I always thought it was about.
99.9 of these guys are more attracted to the sole of your feet.
So they like,
that was the craziest thing I learned about all this.
So it has nothing to do with the top.
It has to do with RA has to do with the archbishop.
You told me that, that they like the wrinkles in the bottom of the feet yes that is i thought to
me yeah it was so for them it's like a forbidden thing it's they most of these guys are so deep in
their fetish that they're they prefer that than any other body part they are more aroused by the
soles of the feet more so than a vagina or breasts yes yes yes because in the custom when they ask
for custom pictures i've put no nudity in my bio they don't care about they don't ask for nudity
they don't they don't even ask for nudity all right quick question uh all right have you ever
been complimented on your feet in public?
Absolutely not. No, no, I don't. I mean, my feet are hideous. I don't have like bunny rubble feet, but they're nothing anybody's going to masturbate.
Okay. All right. If somebody told you that you could make 2,500 a month by posting
one picture a day of your feet and the bottoms of your feet, would you do it?
Hell yeah. That's what I wanted to ask Archbishop.
Now, when you, now, if you said you first start getting like DMs and people sliding,
I'm sure that's probably creepy at first.
Now, how you said your research.
So do you realize, okay, like I can make some serious cash off this.
Now what's the process from there?
How do you like vet these guys from, I mean, obviously they're, you know, they're not
necessarily weirdos.
Everybody has their own peccadillo sexually, and they're no different than anybody who likes other parts
of the party. That doesn't make
them freaks. I agree. What you're saying
is it's not the weirdest fetish in the world.
There's people who like getting shit on.
Right. And even if it was
a little... Where do you find the comfort
level, I guess, with these guys? How do you know, okay,
I'm willing to do business with this guy? You asked her
about how she monetized it first, so let her answer
that. Okay. Well, when I researched it, I would willing to do business with this guy. You asked her about how she monetizes it first, so let her answer that.
Okay, well, when I researched it, I would just search the hashtag of Instagram,
foot fetish of Instagram, and I started checking out the other foot models. And I'm the only one that makes people pay to follow my page.
And everyone else, their page is open, and they pay to do custom videos, Skype sessions.
They pay to do so videos, Skype sessions. They pay to do some war items.
There's a whole spectrum of things that I won't do that most of these girls do.
So, like, I don't know.
Can I say anything on this podcast?
Absolutely.
About what?
Sexual things because this is what's part of it.
Oh, you think?
This is all, that's all we talk about.
Okay.
So a lot of these girls make money off of,
so a lot of these girls are married or have boyfriends with foot models.
So they'll do a foot job on their boyfriend,
and the man will videotape it from his point of view so you don't see his face.
So they sell these videos.
These guys get off on watching girls do a foot job.
So that's one thing I won't do because I get asked
it all the time. So they have a, um, they have a library of these videos in there on their phone.
And then these guys buy two or three at a time and they're pre-made videos and then more for
custom made videos. And then there's called Joy, J-O-I. It's jerk off instruction. So they want me
to maybe put something between my feet or just massage my feet and
instruct them on how, when, and where I want them to have an orgasm. I want them to do this and do
this and do this and then this. You can't have an orgasm until I say you can. That's another thing
I don't do, but these girls do. So the oil massagers and the foot worshiping is where,
if I were to do it to myself, I would sit on and suck on my own toes like I was giving my toes a blowjob.
I'm working on that.
I'm not quite flexible.
So you're working on your basically your yoga skills so you can up the ante to start charging more.
That is a lot of guys.
They want to pay the models to meet them in person so they can
suck on their toes now i won't do that whoa that's like how much how much they charge them for that
i don't know what they charge they that's between them and their they don't really because i think
it's pretty competitive um is that considered prostitution i don't i'm not having sex
no no it's not really the sucking on the toes i don't really consider that prostitution i don't i'm not having sex no no it's not really the sucking on the toes i don't
really consider that prostitution it's like i'm going to a massage parlor yeah and obviously these
girls are comfortable meeting up with these guys now one thing archbishop that you told me was you
so your account's private and they have to dm you and then venmo you or however the the money to get into your page that's
the first step that's for me from me and that's for me to weed out all the nosy people this is
only for serious foot guys no nosy person is just going to throw away 50 just to see out of
curiosity what i'm doing so only a real foot guy who who lives and breathes at the foot world was
going to it's going to pay 50 just to follow me on a free app.
So that's how I keep my personal life separate.
Because I sometimes advertise on my personal page, but I just make it so they have to show me that they mean business
and they show me that they're really about paying me before we can go to the next step, which I do custom videos.
A lot of these guys, they pay me to humiliate them
and at first i was i wasn't able to do it now i'm really good at humiliating these guys and
they like to be so it's another phase of the fetish world there's different there's so many
different levels to it are you going to go ahead all right sorry is this okay is this your career
are you able to make this your career?
It's a side hustle.
No, it's a side hustle.
I have a very code of ethic type of career, and so that's another reason why my page is private,
because I don't want to be looked at differently in my other career.
Right, right.
I mean, man, I am so fascinated by this this industry now what
what is the next step for you beyond uh getting more flexible uh to be able to suck because
there's got it's always going to keep getting bigger and the requests are going to come and
the dollar values are going to go higher because of these right well i've made i've and i started
this early may so it's been what may june j. I've made like 15 grand, over 15 grand. And it's not from the memberships. It's from like these members every other day, they pay for custom pictures, videos, or Skype session. We'll do a Skype session where I have my feet in the camera and they can kind of tell me what they want me to do or talk to them or humiliate them.
What's something that you would say to humiliate them?
Okay, so.
Can you humiliate me?
Well, I just tell them, like, you need to lay at my feet.
You're not worthy of standing at our level.
You know, like, do you think that I would ever, like, have sex with you or something like that?
Like, it's like a mean girl.
It's a high school mean girl.
This probably really happened to them in a...
All right.
That might be the funniest thing you've ever said on here.
All right.
This little piggy went...
Do they make you do the little piggy?
Do they make you do the little piggy?
I know.
Anyone would do that?
That's what I would ask for.
They call me like master or goddess or queen.
They're not allowed to call me by any other name.
I have to control the entire situation.
And I tell them that if they want to be my slaves, like, I would make them clean my house in a maid outfit if I were to do that.
This is all fantasy.
And then I would make them sleep in a cage in my closet.
And then if they have an accident while they're in the cage then I'm going to beat their ass
you know they're just
stuff like that. Archbishop
I gotta run this through Grinnell
and RA now boys
I know they say no free ads on Barstool
but if
the Archbishop would like to give
Spittin' Chicklets guys a discount
to be able to get into her page
would you be down to do that
archbishop maybe go down from 50 to to maybe 35 if they dm you promo code chiclets i'm down
wow look i'm doing god's work over here grinnell you think you think barstool is going to be cool
with that if if if we got a few fans that have foot fetishes oh absolutely how could
they not well i mean they do have a rule no free ads i know but i think when it comes to foot
fetishes you can kind of bend the rules a little bit okay okay well archbishop you might have uh
you might have a few chiclets fans coming at you with uh with 220s in their pocket looking for some
i welcome them all that's great i welcome them all. That's great. I welcome them all.
I looked down on the beach sand, and there was only one set of footprints,
and it was Biz carrying us all.
I don't get it.
I don't get the joke.
Arch Bishop does.
That's all that matters.
Footprints in the sand.
It's a famous poem.
Not a lot of jokes go over my head, Ari.
I got this.
Learn something new every day.
I got it.
That's all that matters, Arch.
That's right. Whoa. is there a connection here if uh if rear doesn't have
instagram so you can stop flirting with him archbishop you're not going to get 40 bucks out of
him i'll be taking i'll take the heel toe express first is there anything else that that you would
like to share with with people about this underground world that I think this is harmless fun, to be honest?
It is.
You know, once I wrap my mind around it and once I created my own formula that works for me, it's actually a lot of fun.
It's really interesting.
And most of the Skype sessions I do are from other countries.
So I've learned.
Yeah.
So I'll do.
I have a college.
One of my best clients is a college student at, he's a law student at Harvard.
And he, before class in the morning, he watches my feet for about 10 minutes and gets what he needs and he goes off and has a great day.
Like, it makes me feel good that I've had, these guys had such a good time and a great day.
I think that's important to remember is nobody's being hurt here.
It's all consenting.
Nobody's being hurt.
Like I said, it's just, I mean,
people go to other sites to look at other things and this is something that,
you know, everybody's on board here. So, Hey, everybody's happy.
Let's keep everybody happy.
Archbishop,
have you had to remove people from following you because they've just gotten a
little too aggressive?
No, actually the people who are going to pay 50 aren't going to do anything to make
lose their money.
I've never been disrespected by a follower.
People that don't want to pay have gotten a little bit rude, or I've even had a couple
of dick pics and whatever.
I just walk them and keep moving.
But every one of my followers has been respectful and encouraging, like they always tell me how they much they love my pages the best 50 i've ever
spent and you know and so i know i'm doing it right well i got a free membership so you guys
did get a free membership you did uh you're grandfathered in well archbishop if these guys
don't have any more questions we we just want to thank you for coming on and giving us an inside look at that world.
And we wish you nothing but the best moving forward.
And R.A., here's a million-dollar idea for you.
You're going to meet a girl, or I guess you already got one, and just get her as many nice pedicures as possible.
And then start getting foot jobs.
And you're going to have her send them, and you guys are going to split the profit jobs and you're going to have her
send them and you guys are going to split the profit and,
and you're going to be a millionaire.
I am definitely pet.
I pet.
I curious after this episode,
just make sure you document it.
I have to pay taxes on,
I'm making so much money that I have to pay taxes.
Just make sure you document everything.
That's my,
that's my last piece of advice.
Better call Saul or no Hey, better call Saul.
Or no, hey, better call soul.
I knew I'd get already with that one.
Well, Archbishop, once again, thank you.
And we're going to actually now send it off to Jason LaBarbera.
You probably have no clue who that is,
but he's a wonderful goalie who I played with actually in Arizona.
And we're going to go back to the hockey talk.
This interview was brought to you by Burrow.
There used to be two options when it came to buying a couch.
You have to go to one of those fancy pants places and spend about 17 paychecks for a couch that, you know, you might like, you might not.
But you're paying through the nose for it.
Or you will go to one of those cheapo places where you buy something that falls apart about two months later you get no
value for it but thanks to our friends at burrow you don't have to deal with any of that stuff
anymore no more compromises they turn the industry upside down with durable stylish couches with a
modular design that allows them to ship it fast and free burrow sofas are handcrafted in the same
factories in north carolina as all the high-end retailers,
but Barrow delivers them with much less of the innovative, award-winning design.
Through their smarter supply chain, they remove all the retail mock-ups,
which means you're actually paying for quality rather than the designer name.
Barrow hand-selects all their materials right here in America to ensure both sustainability and durability.
Shipping is fast and free, too, unlike the rest of the furniture industry. Enjoy 30 days of cozy,
on your comfortable burrow, risk-free, but try out Burrow, one of their partner showrooms today.
Customize your burrow and get 75 off your order by going to burrow.com slash chiclets that's b-u-r-r-o-w dot com slash chicklets c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s
for 75 off your purchase burrow makes the luxury couch for real life
our next guest very special guy jason la barbara the bob bob bob beefcake and that's how i keep yandle you intro him as a wrestling intro
because jason the barbara welcome to the show is a massive wrestling fan yes yes i am is yans in the
uh the soccer introductions day like the two touch before the game was always i miss that i miss the
uh the yandil introduction for that.
Yeah, he would get the crowd hyped up, all of us two-touch players.
Now, Barb, I think a lot of people will surprisingly know who you are
because you played in some pretty big markets.
Yeah, I was all over the place.
You were fucking all over the place.
You never unpacked your bags.
And I guess let's start all the way at the beginning, though.
Back to your junior days.
You were drafted by the Tri-City Americans in the WHL?
No, no, not even close.
That's where you played your first two games.
No, I was listed by Portland.
I made Portland as a 16-year-old.
I played in Tri-Cities as a 16-year-old because back then, for whatever reason, you could loan players out.
What?
Yeah, man.
We had three goalies in Portland that year.
So I was 16-year-old with two older guys.
And Brian Boucher went to World Juniors with Tri-Cities.
And they needed a goalie. So for some reason, I got loaned there for like three weeks. year old with two older guys and brian boucher went to world juniors with tri-cities and uh they
needed a goalie so for some reason i got loaned there for like three weeks played a game won a
game and then got sent back to portland so i look i look like an idiot because of this loan out rule
because that was the first team listed on your hockey db was tri-city and you played two games
for them over apparently Christmas break.
So then you spent all your time in Portland with the Winterhawks up in, is it in Oregon?
Yeah, it's Oregon.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I won a M-Cup there in 98.
Really?
Which was juicy.
Yeah.
We just had our 20-year Memorial Cup reunion in March, man.
It was wicked.
It was funny to see.
I haven't seen a lot of those guys in 20 years,
so go back and see some of those guys.
It's funny, even after 20 years, they're all like,
most of the guys are pretty much still the same guys
as they were in junior, so it was pretty cool.
And that was in 1998, 99, or was it the year before that?
98, so 97, 98.
Okay, so at that point in time, you were the backup for the winter hawks
that's true yep yep and and uh talk about playing junior there that must have been a blast what a
fun city oh it was great yeah especially for a small town kid coming from prince george
going to a big city like oregon um you, playing in, you know, a big arena, the
Rose Garden, which is in the Motor Center now, the old Coliseum.
So we would get, you know, 9,000, 10,000 people every game, you know.
So and then the fans down there are unbelievable, too.
So for a young kid, it's pretty eye-opening.
And obviously, just driving around in a big city, you're like again if you're from a small town you know there's like 10 stop signs and three lights you know but you go to
a big city like that and there's highways and there's over a million people oh for sure playing
the nhl in junior yeah exactly yeah yeah the only thing that sucked was it was uh it's 21 down there
to drink so you couldn't go out and do anything you couldn't get into too much trouble yeah right Barb you were probably
fucking going out to the bars like an idiot
do you have a fake ID?
do you have a fake ID?
not at that point no I did later on
when I turned
20 but not at that point no
so a lot of getting crushed at the billets
I was still a nerd yeah
oh you were a hockey nerd
back then yeah man fuck i loved hockey yeah but uh and then it says in your last year junior you
got uh you got shipped off to spokane and that must have been a little bit of a change of pace
yeah big time so my my 19 year old year i traded at the deadline, and I went from a bad team in Portland to Spokane,
who was really good.
And it's funny now I look back because Mike Babcock was the head coach
and Bill Peters was the assistant coach.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You had Mike Babcock and Junior as a head coach?
And Bill Peters as the assistant coach, who's now in Calgary, right?
So there was a lot of intensity there. Wow calgary right so it was uh there was a lot
of intensity there wow okay so what was babcock as a coach back then because we we have that topic
quite a bit in our podcast i'm buddies with babs i'm team babs and i've also i've also never played
for him oh man so i i went from portland where we were terrible or i was you know probably the
best player getting 40 shots a night and you know not winning any games to go into Spokane where, you know, if we lost two
to one, it was my fault. So he was, uh, he was definitely hard on me for sure. It took, it was,
it was a big adjustment. Uh, I remember some of the stuff he, I still to this day, remember a lot
of the stuff that he's, that he said to me as far as getting mad at me in practice and stuff,
like come over and yell at me about, you know, if I'm
he's like, are you playing fucking dodgeball out here today or what?
Like, because I didn't make a save in practice.
He didn't like the fact that, you know,
I wouldn't take all the pucks out of my net when a new drill started.
So, like, there was maybe a couple pucks, like, lodged way weighed back in the net and i remember him coming skating over and just giving it to me because
what kind of goalie likes pucks in the back of their net like you know you're a 19 year old kid
you're like buddy i'm a fucking goalie just let me fucking stand up my crease and you you fucking
get the pucks yeah seriously i'm like i didn't even see him there so yeah like the little things
like that that that's, that I always remember.
But yeah, when you played well, he loved you.
And when you played okay, he pushed you for sure.
Do you think that that had a little bit to do with how he wanted to prepare you for pro hockey?
And do you think that that had helped moving forward?
Yeah, the more that I thought about it as it went along, it totally got me more prepared for it.
It was really the first time in my whole career in junior where I really had to be accountable for anything.
I remember a lot of the talks where I thought I played pretty well.
He'd give it to me because he thought the other goalie outplayed me.
It's stuff that you never really thought about at that age for sure.
It certainly helped me get ready, for sure.
Well, I guess let's keep going forward in your career here.
You were drafted by the New York Rangers in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. Third round pick, 66 overall.
And then now you start your pro career in 2000.
And that was quite the year, man.
You started in the coast with the charlotte checkers
it seems as if though that's the way it goes in your hockey db then you were up at humphrey
and you actually got to play in an nhl game that year yeah so i made uh out of training camp uh
they at that time the rangers had mike richter kirk mclean and uh i was 20 and i made i made
their team out of camp.
Mike Richter was hurt at that time.
The other two guys that were their American League guys
weren't very good in training camp.
So I made the team out of camp
and was there for the first three weeks.
No way.
And Kirk McClain, yeah, yeah, it was nuts.
Like, Kirk McClain was my favorite goalie growing up.
Like, he played for the Canucks.
I was a huge Canucks fan.
So I got to back him up for three weeks
and then I got posted with a guy all over my wall when I was a kid.
Like, it was pretty cool.
And then he got  we were in Pittsburgh.
It was 4-4 going in third.
And they scored four goals in the first ten minutes.
So now it's 8-4 in the igloo.
And Yager's got four goals.
And Ron Lowell comes down on the bench.
That kid, like, get in there.
And I'm like, what?
I go, what?
Like, I didn't know what the heck to do.
So I went in there, obviously. The game ended up game ended up eight six like it was a joke the game was
a joke yeah but but i played two saves and didn't get two saves and a and a thousand save percentage
is that how you say it as a goalie a thousand yeah that works yeah yeah yeah two shots in 10 minutes it was uh yeah it was funny but that game
was a joke you set the tone but so then you you went and developed your game more at the american
league level for the better part of the next three seasons uh after that uh all in all in hartford
your your last one was a year i believe you won goaltender of the year for the American Hockey League.
Yeah, in 03-04, I think that was the year I was goalie of the year and MVP of the league, too.
Oh, wow.
As a goaltender?
Are you the last goalie to ever do that in the American League?
I don't know.
That's a good question. I bet you I may be.
I don't know.
But that kind of set the tone.
And that year, this is the craziest fucking thing about that year.
So you played four games with the Rangers.
Their lineup is  and we need to talk about some of these guys.
And I'm going to list the top scorers all the way down.
Bobby Holik, Mark Messier, Alexey Kovalev, Martin Urchinsky,
Brian Leach, Matthew Barnaby, Eric
Lindros, Peter Nedved,
Yarmir Yager,
Tom Potey was on that
team, Chris Simon was on that team,
Anson Carter, who's
a fairly big name, Greg DeVries
played there, I mean,
Darius Kastoraitis,
tell me stories right now.
That was unbelievable because they had all those guys, right?
So you're like, I was what?
I was probably 23 at the time.
And you just look around the room and you're like, what am I doing here?
How are these guys?
But they were god-awful.
They were horrible.
Yeah, they had a tough year.
Bobby Hulik led the team with 56
points and glenn sander was the coach oh my god so so you guys are sticking the joint out was it
was it a miserable atmosphere around all these stars who weren't performing up to what they
needed to do well it was brutal yeah but i was a kid like i was so just in awe of everything right
you're just like look around literally looking around the room like practice was brutal, yeah. But I was a kid. I was so just in awe of everything, right? You're just looking around.
Literally, you're looking around the room.
Practice was brutal because you're like, man, that's Messi.
That's Lindros.
That's Kovalev.
That's Jagr.
And I'm like 22 just getting lit up, right?
And then it's me and I don't remember Dan Blackburn.
He was like, because all their goalies kept getting hurt.
So it was like me and Dan Blackburn or me and UC Markkinen and like they just traded for uh I remember the the first game
that they traded for Yager we were in Ottawa and it was four nothing after the first for Ottawa
seven one after the second so Markkinen played the first he got pulled I went in i got lit up for three in a second then
they went put marketing back in the game ended up nine two and this is the first game that they
just traded for yager so they got all those guys and then yager and then the flight right the flight
home there's a rumor going around the plane that like say there was losing it and we're going right
to the practice ring to skate you know and guys have been you know drinking beers and stuff on the plane and whoa when the plane landed when the plane landed you guys were gonna
go right to the practice so did you get bag skated that was yeah that was where the room
were going around on the plane we're like when everyone's like fucking serious like
like they're gonna so the trainers had to kind of cover it up as far as like
like the lights can't get turned on at the practice ring, yada, yada, yada.
They kind of convinced them that it was a bad idea.
But the guys were like five or six beers deep on that plane ride home, right?
And I was 23 being like, wow, this is crazy.
We just traded for Yager and we're going to go get skated now after the game
at like two in the morning.
It never happened.
It's going to be a mutiny.
What was Matthew Barnaby like in the morning yeah it never happened it's gonna be a mutiny what uh yeah what was uh what was
Matthew Barnaby like in the room there hi you know it's funny so he was uh my first NHL game that I
got like real game that I started he was my roommate on the road in Colorado so it was uh he
was good like obviously there's a ton of personalities in there right he was he was always
good to me he's a funny guy you know chirpy chirpy chirpy like never never stopped talking
was i mean was it uh was there maybe too much personality because it seems like there's a lot
of a lot of guys there who could probably call the shots was it like yeah was there a lot of
butting heads you know what i think like from my perspective at that age and even i look back at it now you
know i think the problem and it was hard but you know mess was there mess was obviously you know
they brought him back to new york he's a legend you want a cup there he's a captain he's all these
things and you've got all these kind of and he was 40 something at the time you know you got all
these kind of younger guys like lynn ross's the whole leaks and all these kind of younger guys like Lindros and the whole leaks and all these kind of guys, Kovalev's, you know, they in the room like it was messes room.
Right. So nobody really wanted to step on his toes.
So there was never that, you know, and the thing was, he was 40 and he, you know, he wasn't obviously as good as he used to be, you know, but nobody wanted to step on his toes.
So they just he kind of did stuff, but nobody really got to be themselves.
I don't think nobody really got to be like leaders or there's no real identity, you know,
cause everyone was just kind of whatever Mark, whatever meth wanted, you know, he kind of
dictated the room.
Yeah.
And it's hard to tell a guy that.
It'd be like telling Gretzky what to do.
And it's just like, you just don't do it.
You know what?
It's probably his last couple of years.
Let's let him run the ship and and then we can just move on exactly so that's kind of how it was so it's kind of weird did and then and then after that season
it was uh you played one more year with Hartford and then it was uh it was off in 2005-2006 to Los Angeles. Was that a free agent signing?
Yeah, so the lockout was in, oh, whatever, 0405.
And then I was a free agent and had lots of different teams call me
and I had no clue how that worked at the time.
And ended up in L.A., yeah.
So was it four years in L.A. or three and a half years in L.A.?
And you got to play with Sean Avery in L.A.
What was that like? I mean, A like i mean it was good to me like he was fine you know like he he is what he is right like
he was he was hard on some guys he was he's definitely have had lots of energy a lot big
personality in the room he wasn't certainly wasn't afraid to to chirp guys and maybe kind of went about it the wrong way.
But, you know, he was always fine to me.
I had no problems with him.
Jesus, Barb.
I mean, I'm looking at this list of guys you played with in L.A., too.
It seems like every team you went to, you played with, like, older legends who were on the way out.
On this team, you were with Jeremy Roenick late in his career.
Luke Robitaille.
Obviously, Matthias Nordstrom a a legend as a defenseman
in la was a captain there for a little bit uh dustin brown was just starting out but like eric
belanger uh pavel dimitra was there lubinier viznovsky so like man like you play with some
pretty big names yeah yeah big time and it's funny because i was smart at the time and and uh
i always got uh jerseys made so that they could autograph them autograph them for me so now i've
got my basement full of all these guys's jerseys so for whatever reason i was on the ball with that
and it looks actually pretty good down there but yeah i was lucky to play with a lot of big name
guys the problem was was all those teams with all those players we didn't make the playoffs in any of those years yeah i feel like yeah all those i mean luke robitaille that year
had 15 goals nine assists jeremy roedig was just underneath him with nine goals and 13 assists so
yeah these guys were just getting a little older at the time and it wasn't like it is now where
guys like that they were kind of respected on on the way out where they would they kept getting contracts totally yeah no it's so much different now obviously
everyone wants younger guys and back then it was still about you know having veteran players around
and in the room and um that was an important thing obviously now it's not nearly as important but
yeah it was cool to be around those guys for sure there was a lot of personalities boy
it was a lot of there wasn't too many dull moments in there you know i mean craig conroy was on that
team um you know i played with rob blake in la like oh jeez camilleri colpitar when he was a
rookie dowdy when he was a rookie okay so here's my question to you who who was your favorite uh veteran that has like a huge name like who was
like the funniest maybe took you under your wing or took him under his wing sorry who was the one
guy that stands out who who's a bit of a clown when i was younger like that in those days yeah
like who was like one guy you're like oh my, this guy's lived up to the hype, even away from the cameras and away from this aura about him?
Mike Richter was always awesome.
Just a great guy.
Just a good person.
He kind of took me under his wing a little bit for the little bit of time that I was there.
JR obviously always got a kick out of him.
He's obviously a personality that had a lot of funny things to stay in the room
uh you know maddie norson was a great guy luke robitaille obviously i mean they're all like
pretty good guys you know there wasn't too many guys where you're like okay so did you did you
get to experience a rookie party with the la kings yeah i did it was in toronto yeah did you have to
pay that time because that was kind of your first time you got in some significant games.
Yeah, that was the year.
It was me and George Peros.
Oh, no way.
And Jeff Tambolini.
And someone else was a rookie that year.
There was four of us.
So, they had five grand.
It wasn't too bad.
Five grand a pop?
And you guys had a fun night out?
Yeah, yeah. it was good the best part of all
that whole night was uh was avery was dating alicia cutford at the time right and he decided
for whatever reason you know what rookie parties are like it's just for the guys
she decided to bring her and her sister to the dinner. We were at whatever, Harbor or whatever that was.
You can't be doing that.
No.
She got shoe checked three times that night.
No way. Come on.
They were shoe checking.
He said,
that's ridiculous.
I would never in a million
years want to bring my wife or
girlfriend into that environment i wouldn't even want them to fucking know about it no it was like
everyone was like what the hell like what is he doing like he brought her and his and her sister
and then like his buddy and everyone's just like what like what are you doing well smart guy you
didn't have to buy her dinner that night she She got the free meal. Yeah, exactly.
I don't know how long they stayed.
I think after like three shoot checks,
she probably bailed.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, yeah, I guess the free meal
got kind of washed away
by the new free pair of shoes
you had to get her.
Yeah, totally.
Oh, man, that was funny.
And then by the time your last year hit hit in in la that's when the the
youth movement kind of started they had aliz kopitar was leading the way they had alexander
frolov who i i remember him he's not around anymore but dustin brown uh jared stole was there
actually patrick o'sullivan was there drew dowy had started coming on the scene. Ted Purcell, Wayne Simmons.
So they had some pretty good young guys.
People even forget Brian Boyle was there.
Yeah, all those guys were rookies when I was there.
So it was kind of a turnover because my first year it was Dave Taylor
and Andy Murray and those guys were kind of running the show in L.A.
And then they got let go and then Lombardi and Crawford and them came in and then Dean kind of,
he saw what was going on and completely did a, you know,
a 360 on the whole franchise and, and,
and really decided to build within obviously and draft well and develop
players. And, and obviously it worked out. And they,
all those guys were, were young guy. And you knew. And you knew, especially Kopitar and Dowdy,
right away you knew those guys were going to be studs in the league.
Dowdy was on  as an 18-year-old, he always marveled at them,
how good he was at not letting things get to him.
He could go out and make a mistake and come back to the bench
and it was like, whatever, no big deal.
Yeah, and Barb, we kind of saw we kind
of saw it with all of reckman larson in arizona to kind of compare it where we were like wow this
kid's special you could tell right away exactly yeah no and they just they just knew they were
good right and it's crazy like you know at 18 to think that you're that good already you know and
i think that's why so many guys now can come into the league and are, are just,
they can come in and play and dominate the league at 18, 19, and 20.
Cause they just, they just have such a belief in themselves and,
and their skill levels is insane. Right?
Oh yeah. The total package. And then Barb's after LA,
it was off to your home province where you were,
you were born in BC or from there.
And you got to play for the Vancouver Canucks.
Yeah, that was an unreal experience.
Like at the time in LA, I was, you know,
I was the starter and I got off to a really bad start and just things
weren't going my way.
And you're kind of at that crossroads a little bit.
You're 28, still trying to find yourroads a little bit you're 28 still trying
to find your way a little bit and uh they you know they called me in and said you know we're
either going to try and trade you to put you on waivers so you're like oh okay what's going to go
on here and then i always remember ron hexel called me that night and was like yeah we traded you
you know so you're down in the dumps and you get the call that you got traded and you're like oh
you got traded to vancouver you're like oh wow wow. I grew up a Canucks fan, so it was an unbelievable experience
to go there and play in Vancouver and be a part of that,
and especially with that group of guys with Luongo and the Sedins.
Bud, you've played with some fucking studs.
You've played with Daniel and Henrik Sedin.
Obviously, Kessa, these guys were a point of gain, the Sedins, that year.
Actually, both of them played all 82,
and they both finished with 82 points, obviously.
They were right.
Alex Burrows had 28 goals that year.
Kevin Biexa was probably in his prime.
And then Matt Sundin comes over.
That's got to be  that's another guy on his way out
that you got to play with that's another guy on on his way out that you got to play
with yeah yeah yeah that part that was really cool too obviously like to be uh the one thing I always
remember about him is uh we played well his first game back in Toronto and we we played them I think
it was a Hockey Night Canada game and uh he scored the shootout winner. So it was awesome.
Like he was obviously,
he was jacked to be back there
and he took care of the boys.
What was that?
What's that place called?
Music or whatever that play?
Oh man,
that music,
the big club at the time.
You guys went there after Matt Sundin
scored the shootout winner?
Yeah,
and he took care of the boys.
It was a pretty good night.
Were you single at the time?
No. or the boys and it was a pretty good night were you single at the time no ah
those are
nice to dream about as a single guy
where there's so many married guys on the team
and you're just going to reap all the fucking benefits
of Matt Sundin putting down
his probably his fucking
American Express Platinum
edition that's got no limit on it
oh my god it's hilarious like I remember sitting there with Lawrence Nicolette who was married at the time too American Express Platinum Edition. That's no limit on it.
Oh, my goodness. Oh, it's hilarious.
Like, I remember sitting there with Lawrence Nicoletti,
who was married at the time, too, and we're just watching,
and, like, there was just girls lined up to get into our little area.
Like, it was crazy.
Well, they used to pay girls 100 a pop to show up there,
like attractive women.
Really?
And they would just  hot chicks would just roam around,
and obviously
most nights they're probably like oh whatever it's like work but then when like the big boys show up
they're like wow i could probably land i could land my my future inheritance or or trigger daddy
or however you want to call it oh yeah big second line of big fish yeah. And you guys had some partiers on that team.
Shane O'Brien was there.
Yeah, he's a beauty.
So he probably brought you to the Rocks a couple times.
And then my favorite human in the world, Taylor Pyatt.
Oh, man.
Old blue eyes.
Baby blue eyes. He must have  well, I guess he had a girl at the time, too,
when you guys were in Toronto.
So, man, who were the single guys on the team cleaning up at that table?
Oh, man, that's a good question.
I forget now.
It's got to stay in the vault, doesn't it?
You know who I guarantee it was?
It was Alexandre Bolduc.
He was single.
Oh, Duker.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, Duker was definitely eating it up.
Oh, man.
And then Barb's...
Then the peak of your career came.
The Phoenix Coyotes.
For four years, I got to play with you.
Yes.
What a time.
Rick, what a time.
Yeah, yeah.
When did you get there again?
I think your first year was my first year in 2009, 2010. Yeah, yeah. When did you get there again? I think your first year was my first year in 2009, 2010.
Yeah, yeah.
I always, you know what's funny?
It's like I always remember when you came in,
and I always remember it was like an optional skate or practice or whatever,
and there was like five or six of us going on the ice,
and you're sitting in the room.
Nobody has any idea who you are.
You're just going off about whatever, about Pittsburgh,
how great that place was.
I just remember you went off about some political stuff,
like George W. Bush.
You still hadn't introduced yourself to anybody.
Everyone's looking around the room like,
who is this guy?
Where did he come from yans tells a story all the time about how i came in way too hot
and uh few things i want to talk about you and yans were hardcore buddies especially regarding
the the wrestling stuff and you guys used to watch all those uh hardcore uh old school wrestling
videos with like undertaker and Royal Rumbles.
How do you feel?
How do you feel about where the where wrestling's at today?
You know what?
It's I still watch it now.
I mean, my my my seven year old loves it.
So we hang out and watch it lots.
It's it's such a corporate thing now.
Like there's there. It's a billion dollar industry right now.
It's crazy how big and popular it is.
It's,
I still enjoy it.
It's still entertaining to me.
I don't watch it as much as I used to,
but it's still,
I still get a kick out of it.
It's fun,
especially when there's,
you know,
WrestleMania is around the corner,
SummerSlam is coming up soon,
things like that. You pay more attention to it, but it slams coming up soon. Things like that.
You pay more attention to it,
but it's fun for me now.
Cause like I said,
my seven year old loves it.
So it's,
uh,
I still,
my wife gives it to me all the time about watching it still,
but yeah,
whatever.
Well,
we had a fun team back then.
A lot of guys were,
got more involved in wrestling because you guys kind of stuck that up.
And,
uh,
another one of your,
your fun teammates.
And I want you to tell the story.
You were a big fan of Donor,
although you guys did battle a lot at the
two-touch because
he would lie a lot about the
results, but I want you
to tell that story about the night I almost had
to back up as a goaltender
when we were in Chicago.
Oh, man.
Tell the story about how you had this routine and,
and,
and all of it and how it all fucking went South.
Well,
I didn't play hardly ever.
So I had to do something in warm just to keep myself occupied without getting
bored.
So don't,
don't know how I developed this routine when you're doing the half moon
towards the end of the warmup,
I'd be off in the corner, and I think
it was Briz at the time was
the starting goalie.
Donor would shoot pucks
at me. I'd catch him and
shoot him back to him. So it just
kept us both kind of engaged in the
warm-up.
For whatever reason, the one time in Chicago,
I wasn't watching. I wasn't
paying attention. And he used to fucking wire clappers though.
Like we're talking.
Oh yeah.
You ripped them.
Yeah.
Don't donor doesn't have a soft,
anything.
And I'm like,
everything with him is like thousand percent.
So it's hard.
Everything he does is hard.
And,
uh,
he ripped one and I wasn't watching and it just,
it hit me in the throat.
And I literally buckledled like instantly just went
black.
And,
uh,
I was like,
what the,
like,
I had no clue what happened.
No idea that I got hit with a puck and no idea.
And,
uh,
yeah,
honestly,
like he,
he obviously panicked and,
and like it scared him and he helped me kind of get off the ice.
And I went,
I always,
I always stood beside him,
barbs.
And I just saw you go down on the court of
my eye your knees buckled and i i was like what the fuck just happened to barbs and then and then
doner didn't answer me he just put his head down and skated towards you like like he just lost his
puppy and and then i i kind of put two and two together i'm like oh my god i think he got him
but he wasn't and you you ended up getting, did you get stretchered off?
Yeah, I had to go to the hospital.
So they had no backup for that game.
So yeah, you could have gone in there if Riz pulled the chute.
So yeah, so Riz Golov was starting that night
and they were talking to me about potentially having to put your gear on.
Because at that time, I don't think the NHL was as prepared
with the people, the goalies in the crowd. No, no no not even at all so i was so pumped i thought
i was gonna get my first ever game in net oh my god that'd be unbelievable i'm just happy you're
not dead yeah i i was too i was too i remember calling my wife in the ambulance and she just
started bawling because she didn't know what was going on.
I'm like, oh, I'm okay.
I had to get a CT scan just to make sure nothing crazy had happened
so I could fly that night.
And Barb, you played a couple more seasons after leaving the Coyotes.
You played in Edmonton a little bit.
You went to Anaheim.
You were in the American League and eventually called it quits in in 2016
um a great career you got to be happy with that yeah really good yeah i was super lucky to play
as long as i did i mean the last three years were a bit of a goat rope as far as the amount of teams
i played for the amount of times i was up and down but i was lucky to always get a you know
get a contract in North America
and play over here for my whole career.
Sixteen years, man.
Like you said, you list off a lot of those guys.
Lucky to play with a lot of unbelievable players,
a lot of Hall of Famers, and a lot of good people.
A lot of, you know, met a lot of great guys along the way,
so it was pretty good.
And, man, everyone I talk to loves you.
You were an unbelievable teammate.
What are you doing now?
I know you're coaching a little bit.
Yeah, last year I've been with the Calgary Hitmen,
so my first year I was just a goalie coach,
and then last year I was an assistant coach and a goalie coach.
So I was on the bench for every game and part of helping with the penalty kill
and doing the five-on-five pre-scout stuff
and on the road all the time,
practicing and doing all that stuff,
obviously taking care of the goalies.
Been lucky to do two Hockey Canada tournaments,
so I did the under-17s for Team Canada Black,
and then that was in November,
and then I was in Russia for the under under 17s for team canada black and then that was in november and then i was in russia for the under 18s um for that and then the helenka tournament's coming up here
right at the right start of august i guess so in a month and i'll be a part of that too so
i've been super lucky for sure and and to be a part of all that because it's been uh it's been
pretty fun well yeah and you get to call Calgary home now, a beautiful Canadian city.
I'm actually headed there.
You have a charity golf tournament that you host.
I'm heading to it.
Tell us about it.
Yeah.
Thanks for coming, Matt.
It's pretty awesome.
My wife, Codette, she's a maniac.
She's super involved with a lot of different things.
And this is the second year she's done a golf tournament in Calgary here with
the breakfast club of Canada.
So we got introduced to it by Carrie and Ange Price.
It's a,
it's a cool program.
Like it's,
you know,
schools apply for it.
And well,
essentially what they do is they,
they,
they,
they feed kids breakfast in the morning.
So a lot of schools, you know, a lot of kids don't have
their parents just don't have money or they just come from tough places
and they don't feed the kids in the morning.
Breakfast Global Canada will come in and feed these kids breakfast in the morning
so they have full bellies to take on their day.
So it's a pretty cool thing.
I think there's 30 or 35 schools in Calgary that are in the program,
which, you know, I think of Calgary as a well-off sort of city,
and there's a lot of places that aren't so well-off.
So it's awesome, and Kodak does a great job with it.
She goes out in the morning sometimes and helps them cut fruit
and make breakfast for the kids and stuff and it's a cool thing
so yeah the tournament's on Thursday
and it'll be fun
I'm very excited and then not only
that
good cause for Cherry then we get that
little fun afterward getting over the Stampede
Yeah well you guys
have a good timing because Stampede starts this weekend
so the next 10 days here in Calgary
get a little hectic,
a little out of hand at times, but Stampede's always good.
Have you been up here for Stampede before?
I've done it once, and it is insane.
That was a year where the two guys were crushing the girl in the alleyway
and it kind of went viral.
That was the same year.
People were asking me if I was one of the guys because I was posting
that I was there. No, i was a good boy that weekend yeah it's a good it's a good time
man it's a really good time especially too because the weather usually gets really nice during that
week so uh it's uh it's a good time barbs uh we we want to thank you for coming on and uh you're
always as i mentioned a great teammate now before leave, is there one story that you could tell about one of these legends you played with that maybe we would have never heard before that they wouldn't be upset that you told on the Spit and Chicklets podcast?
Yeah, the one who I always have that was always funny to me was one with Jeremy Roenick.
It's like he was obviously a personality. He always liked to have was one with uh it's a fight with jeremy roenick it's uh like he he was
obviously a personality like he always liked to have a good time right so you know in la we had
andy murray and andy's you know pretty strict and intense sort of guy and i think we had lost
four or five games in a row or something it was you know tough sledding at the time and
we were on the road i think jr had enough of everyone feeling sorry for themselves so he i've never seen anybody do this before but he he uh you know he was like
38 years old at that time he goes so we're we finish the game we're sitting on the tarmac and
he goes to the front of the plane with this cardboard box and i can only imagine what the
staff was thinking when he got to the front of the plane, and he sits in this little box, and as the plane takes off,
he comes flying down the aisle in this little cardboard box, like a slide.
Like, it was ridiculous, and he'd do it every once in a while,
and he did it that one time, and it was, like, priceless watching.
He was like a little kid sliding down the aisle in this box as the plane took off.
Oh, my God.
I don't know how he didn't hurt himself.
Did he start where the coaches were sitting?
Yeah, he went all the way to the front and just raked down from the front of the plane all the way to the back of the plane.
See, I feel like that's the stuff that hockey will never hear or see again.
And that's why I love having you, I don't want to say old guys,
but the, the older guys on the podcast.
Guys were,
guys weren't afraid to do that stuff.
Hey,
like now they are.
Oh yeah.
It's fucking the personality is gone,
but Barb's,
uh,
that was a nice little,
uh,
nightcap for the podcast.
Once again,
thanks for coming on and I'll be seeing you in a few days here.
Sounds good, man. Thanks. looking forward to seeing you again well big thank you to jason the barba for coming on and uh unbelievable guy probably the the most
normal goalie i've ever played with just uh other than his fetish for wrestling a lot of fetishes
this episode yeah speaking of fetishes well episode. Yeah, speaking of fetishes.
Well, thanks to my boy R.A. for holding the fort,
and Whitney, that scumbag,
oversees on his luxury vacations,
flying PJs to different fancy golf courses.
But he will get that interview with Eric Carlson,
and that's when we're going to get our numbers up boys so all in all great episode great seeing you guys
and boys actually next week I'll be
recording live in Vancouver
with Biz so we'll be recording
live from Vancouver
that is correct
nice yeah you guys are going to have a little fun out there
so that was fun
Archbishop that was an interesting interview
something to mix it up some is a long
time and you know there's only so much hockey we could talk about.
We like to bring a little something different for the
listeners out there and that's what we did this week.
And I got you guys a discount code.
Don't forget.
Want to go follow.
It's actually Arch's Bishop.
So A-R-C-H-E-S
B-I-S
H-O-P-H-E-S-B-I-S-H-O-P.
And you can follow her and DM her promo code Chicklets.
And you could actually join for a 10 saving of 40.
It's normally 50 bucks.
So you're welcome for that.
Pat myself on the back.
Not a big deal.
And this is us signing off.
