Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode is brought to you by Keeps.
Folks, I know you probably bought our new Spittin' Chicklets t-shirt.
You noticed I don't have any hair left on my head.
Unfortunately, it's too late for me to use Keeps, but it's not too late for you.
Guys, if you're in your mid to late 20s, that's when it starts to go.
Take my word for it. So you're in your mid to late 20s that's when it starts to go take my word
for it so you want to start using keeps now there are two clinically proven medications that let you
keep your hair and they're now inexpensive and easy to get you don't need to lose your hair if
you don't want to i didn't want to it's too late for me but again it does not have to be too late
to you that's why i have to tell you about keeps for five minutes now and for dollar a day you
never have to worry about hair loss again.
Yes, it really works.
It's got FDA-approved hair loss products, clinically proven to keep the hair you have.
No BS, just science, and it's completely safe.
It's 100 reliable.
Again, I'm too late for this stuff, but you don't have to be getting started with Keeps.
It's easy.
It takes five minutes.
If you answer a few questions, a doctor reviews your info, tells you what you have to do.
Keeps, it's only 10 to 35 a a month you order now you get your first month free it's a hell of a deal to getting to keep your hair unreal deal there's
no better time to do this offer now summertime here you want to feel fresh and confident
stop hair loss today the easy way with keeps to receive your first month of treatment for free, go to keeps.com slash chicklets.
That's K-E-E-P-S dot com slash C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
That's a free month of treatment at keeps.com slash chicklets.
Keeps, here today, here tomorrow. Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode Wayne Gretzky.
No, we don't have him.
Of Spittin' Chicklets brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Say hello to the boys.
Producer, Mikey Grinnell.
Live from Biz's couch in British Columbia, Vancouver.
I am here alongside Paul Bissonnette. Get that Lysol. What's up, Biz? Say hello. in British Columbia, Vancouver. I am here alongside Paul Bissonette.
Get that Lysol.
What's up, Biz?
Say hello.
You're right next door.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What's the Lysol comment mean, R.A.?
You saying I got a dirty joint?
It smells fantastic in here.
It smells like medical marijuana, doesn't it?
A little bit.
With a hint of...
Does it smell like Eagle Energy?
No.
No, it does not.
No free ads, Whit.
That's the voice of Ryan Whitney, who just returned from his annual golf trip to Scotland.
Oh, I thought he was on sabbatical.
Some European country, which was Spain this year.
What's going on?
I missed last week's episode.
Got a lot of feedback from it.
Sounded very funny.
Yeah, we had some fun with the foot fetishist.
R.A. had his ex-girlfriend on.
Foot fetishist model.
Foot fetishist.
He was flirting with her.
I couldn't even get a word in.
They were playing tummy sticks.
R.A. has been cranking it to her feet since the episode.
I think he got a free membership to the Archbishop's Instagram page.
He's been getting the jerk-off videos.
Rex Admiral.
You're going to do me dirty like that?
Fucking Rex Ryan.
No, I'll never be.
I'd tell you if I did J.O. to feed.
Never been a feed guy.
I'm a boob guy.
Everybody knows that.
All right, fair enough, fair enough.
How are you guys?
I missed you guys.
Scotland, Spain.
Come on, man.
You had over there with Hall of Fame fucking players, dude.
What was it like?
Tell us then.
So, I don't know.
Do you guys want me to give you, like, the rundown of, like, the whole trip?
Or, I mean, I don't know.
No, no.
Tell us your fucking scores.
What?
No, no.
Just tell us your scores.
Fucking idiot.
Yeah, we want to hear about these legends.
69 there.
One round.
Thank you very much.
How are you?
Nice.
69.
Thank you.
Tell me some stories about some legends we went over
16 guys i've you know i've talked about it here a bunch um it was a blast listen we flew over to
scotland we played there we played uh started off with royal dornoak next day 36 at castle
stewart the next day trump international followed in the afternoon by royal aberdeen the next day, Trump International, followed in the afternoon by Royal Aberdeen
the next day,
Cruden Bay.
Then, you know what we did from there, boys?
We got four helicopters
that landed on the fucking driving range
of Cruden Bay.
We took those to Turnberry.
There's a beautiful lighthouse
out on the point at Turnberry.
We had dinner in that lighthouse.
And by the way, when the helicopters landed on the driving range,
there were these Scottish kids hitting balls.
And all of a sudden, you know, there's some choppers flying down.
These kids are looking around like, what is going on right now?
They probably thought it was a spaceship in Scotland.
They haven't seen a helicopter before.
And I'm like, hey, bud, hold on one sec.
We got to walk over to our copter.
We walk by this kid.
The kid goes like this.
Let me see how fast you can run.
He was chirping me.
So either way, we hop on the choppers, an hour ride.
We're laughing.
We're joking around.
You know, great time.
We land there.
We go to Trump Turnberry, like I said.
Dinner in the lighthouse.
I mean, this is as National League as you can get the whole trip.
Woke up.
We played there.
You know, people thought the trip was over.
Nope.
What we did then, we had flights scheduled down to Malaga, Spain,
where we were then staying in Marbella, however you call it.
So we had a bunch of flights.
By the way, when we made all these flights,
we thought Scotland to Spain was like an hour flight.
Turns out it was like three and a half hours.
Oh, wow.
So basically we went on a golf trip and then went on another golf trip to get away from the original golf trip.
But the flight leaving Scotland, it was a long ride to the airport.
So Henrik Zetterberg, Eric Carlson, and Nicholas Backstrom, I don't know if you guys ever heard of those three players.
They said, guys, why don't you relax?
We're not going to go to that pigeon airport where you have to show your ID
and go through metal detectors.
We're going to get us a private plane, and we're going to charter it.
We're going to go down to Spain on that thing.
So those three guys, the best guys in the world, so generous.
They end up getting a pj for us
we fly down to spain the next day there we play uh valderrama that's hosted a rider cup
amazing course in spain the next day we played la reserva another private track we don't we don't
play any of those public pigeon courses and uh from then we went out last night and that was
that was the trip so uh i will say that I was Instagramming it.
I have a private Instagram.
Just, you know, try to keep some of my life a little bit private.
But I was, you know, putting stories up every day.
Yeah, you were.
You were pretty active on it.
Four days in a row in Scotland.
And the next morning when we were in Spain, I put an Instagram out of like the first hole.
And then I scrolled down to the scorecard that said Valderrama.
And I wrote Spain.
We're in Spain now or something like that.
And I must have had 15 direct messages.
People like, what the fuck kind of golf trip is this?
I'm like, dude, it's a National League trip.
Basically, we went on a golf trip to Boston and then decided to finish the trip off in Florida.
That was about a three and a half hour flight.
So it was awesome.
Great guys.
Great golf.
Great weather.
Were the helicopters part of the original trip with?
So was that like rich guys deciding to just get helicopters?
So the original trip.
It's like an Uber.
When we finished at Cruden Bay, it was going to be like a four and a half hour bus ride to Trump Turnberry.
And, you know, listen, most of these guys, they never sniffed the AHL.
I caught it at the beginning.
I caught it at the end.
I know a five hour bus ride isn't a lot.
A lot of these guys realize, hey, if i can get a helicopter i'm gonna take a helicopter
instead of sitting on a bus for five hours so that was that move going in the helicopter was
part of it the private jet that was not planned that was just three legend hall of famers nick
backstrom by the way guys what a guy i mean this guy is a is as top notch of a person as you can
meet he said he's down to come on the podcast whenever we want.
I said, we'll get him up middle of the year.
He told me about the whole year in Washington.
I mean, you guys can ask me questions about this trip.
I could talk for hours.
You should ask him if I get some private hockey lessons.
Hey, you should ask him if I get some private hockey lessons.
He's such a nice guy.
Actually, one of the funniest things that happened on the trip
or one of the many funny things, the last day we're on the range,
everyone's hurting.
I mean, this has been  this is after seven nights, dude,
and we're hurting.
And I'm kind of looking at Malone who's walking onto the range,
Bugsy Malone, who's my roommate.
He told me a great story.
I'll have to get into that after.
He's walking onto the range, and I'm looking, who's my roommate. He told me a great story. I'll have to get into that after. He's walking onto the range, and I'm looking at him,
and I'm facing the other direction, and I see Bertuzzi, my man Bert.
And he starts swinging, kind of like facing the opposite direction.
I'm like, where's this guy hitting?
Dude, this dude shanked one off his club.
It came up and caught me in the neck.
I was like, oh. He's running over.
Are you okay?
Everyone's so banged up. We had no idea
what was going on. I got drilled by a
shank on the range.
He's like, wait, wait.
You could have taken my teeth out.
He looks like an absolute fucking beer in those pictures you had posted.
Oh, yeah.
What's the deal with the kilt?
He's an absolute horse.
He's an absolute horse of a man.
I mean, I can't tell you how big he is, and he's just a great guy, dude.
He told me the funniest thing.
He was telling me, Bertuzzi, another guy, he said he's coming on this pod.
He's coming on this pod.
No way.
We're getting.
I don't want to take.
He's got millions of stories, but one of the funniest things he told me i think i started asking what mike milbury i was like was he a prick or what he's like yeah you know i don't
actually remember how he described milbury but he was telling me a funny story that uh biz you know
how you get beers on the back of the bus and, you know, when guys like open the beer, they kind of crack it open.
Like when R.A. flushed the toilet when he doesn't line?
Bertuzzi tells me he's on the aisle.
I think he was the fourth or fifth overall pick for them.
And they got pounded one night, like 8-1.
They get on the back of the bus and there's already beers guys
that plan to have beers for the air ride to the airport and uh you know sure enough a couple guys
crack open crack open some cold ones with a cough as they crack it open and milberry stands up
he goes are you fucking kidding me? You motherfuckers.
You motherfuckers got pounded out there tonight,
and you're fake cracking with a cough in the back of the goddamn bus?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Fake.
He said he turned around, looking out the main direction of the bus, turned around and goes, fucking fake cracking with a cough.
That's like Milbury never seen it before.
Yeah.
He almost probably respected it,
but was still disgusted.
Hey, and that's the best thing
about being on the media bus now
with the Arizona Coyotes,
not a big deal,
is you don't have to do the fake cough.
You just crack one.
They don't care.
Oh my God.
That's very true, dude.
You're just on the media bus.
You can say whatever you want.
The other bus is just miserable and silent because they got pounded,
and you're over there laughing away at some kid who fell in the second period.
Yeah, it's definitely a change of pace, and it's a lot less stressful for sure.
And what's going on with Carlson?
Because a lot of people were waiting for you to get some inside intel.
Okay, Carlson, yes, got a million tweets.
Got a hilarious direct message from our boy Elliot Friedman, one of the top insiders in hockey.
Best guy.
He's like, hey, can you give Carlson some shots and maybe ask him what's going on and then give me a little text?
I just thought that was pretty funny.
That even one of the number one insiders in the world is like, hey, Whit, can you maybe give a guy a little extra whiskey and get some info but um carl dude he's pretty quiet he's you know mom's the word right now and in
terms of a lot of people asked what was up with the text messaging and the whole story with mike
hoffman and his fiancee or whatever it is he can't even talk about that uh even even with everyone
there i mean it's it's a legit like legit court case. There's nothing he could say.
So that wasn't brought
up. That wasn't a story.
And for what's going to happen
in his future, I also don't have much news,
man. I mean, right now
it is what it is. He's talking to teams.
There's teams in the mix for
extension-wise. There's teams that have shown
a lot of interest. I mean,
coming from him, this isn't breaking news,
there's 20 teams, dude, that are trying to get in there
and figure out what they can do to get him to try to sign him
to a long-term deal and trade for him this season.
But he doesn't really know.
I mean, I don't sense it's a lie.
Maybe he's lying to me because he's like,
this fucking big-eared clown is going to go spit in Jekyll's
and say everything he knows. But I don't think that he really knows where he's lying to me because he's like this fucking big-eared clown's gonna go spit and say everything he knows but i don't i don't think that he really knows where he's gonna be
next year right now i don't i just know that he knows there's a lot of teams that have a lot to
offer and will pay him a lot uh he's gonna be the 100 million dollar man so him being a part of that
three-man private jet team that was to no surprise um what about uh what about commie how was commie on the trip
he usually has a blast man commie commie was an absolute beauty on the trip guy played some great
golf dude fuck i think he shot uh one or two over and five of the eight rounds what he's that good
yeah commie's a stick he was came in as a four. He was with Ricky Fowler today.
Call me right now.
Call me.
Call me has a trip and a half.
So he went on our trip, you know, five, four nights in Spain, then three, four nights in Scotland, three nights in Spain.
And then as we're all flying back to North America,
he's catching a flight back to Scotland where Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday of this week,
he's been caddying for Ricky Fowler in the practice rounds
as Ricky Fowler's caddy has been walking the course with the group.
And that's because Kami and Ricky Fowler's caddies are good buddies.
They played a lot of golf together back in Scottsdale at Whisper Rock.
So Kami's got to know Ricky Fowler as caddy.
So he's a part of that.
I mean, that's pretty sick, dude, to be staying at a house at Carnoustie.
I don't think he's staying with Ricky, but every day he's been inside the ropes,
carrying his bag, a guy who could probably win this week at Carnoustie.
So, Kami's been in an absolute  he's been in one this summer.
I mean, I respect the hell out of him.
When he started that new job, he told the guy,
listen, I got two weeks in July, I'm out of commission.
So, he was open about everything, and he's living the life.
He's living the life of a single man right now.
No responsibilities at all.
Although I guess he has a girlfriend, so maybe he's not single.
Speaking of that, Ricky Fowler, I think he got engaged to a girl
who was working out at the place I used to train in Arizona,
and she is stunning.
Yeah, everyone said she's
as top notch as you can get.
She's a pole vaulter,
I think.
Yeah.
She originally went viral
through Barstool.
Allison Stokke, right?
Yes. She's gorgeous.
Credit to...
You guys, my roommate on the
trip, my boy, one of the biggest legend biz knows Ryan Malone, Bugsy Malone.
So we we roomed together for four years.
I think it was.
I thought I knew all his stories.
And, dude, he told me a story on this trip.
I was legit crying, laughing.
And I'm going to I'm going to go into it and i won't do justice i really will not
do this story justice but and hold on i'm just crack hold on boys i'm cracking open you hear
that i'm cracking open a boom sauce for this story about the cough yeah so listen uh fake fake fake
cough and a crack so bugsy's getting recruited and now biz didn't play college but for a lot of listeners
you're a big time recruit you go on official visits you get five of them you're allowed i
don't know if it's the same now but it was when we when we were going to college you're only allowed
five visits you get five visits and if you're smart you take all fucking five of them because
you just rip it up for a weekend can Can they pay for your flight and all that?
Or is even that not allowed?
What?
Like, because, you know, in college,
you're not allowed to pay the athletes anything.
What about flights?
Is that included?
No, everything's paid for, dude.
Wow.
It's like it's part of the NCAA.
Okay, okay, okay.
But, I mean, you go there, you see a game, you see a practice,
you see the dorms, you stay with a guy on the team, you meet the coach, all that.
Paying a cheerleader.
And, Witt, I'm picturing he got game every time.
He got game.
If you've seen he got game, Jesus Shuttlesworth gets taken care of.
I mean, I don't necessarily think NCAA hockey is like that, but.
I would legit tell the people trying to recruit me,
if it ain't like that, don't invite me.
That's probably why I didn't go to college.
Anyway, go back to your story.
Okay.
So, you know, you're very excited for these trips, and you're nervous in a sense.
There's a lot going on.
But Ryan Malone, he's a different human being.
That's all I can say.
I don't think he's ever been nervous before.
He's the coolest cat in the room.
You want to chirp him, but you just can't.
He's Bugsy.
So he goes to St. Cloud for his visit, and I just think back to my visit at BU.
So nervous to meet the coach, meet the seniors, blah, blah, blah.
So Bugsy's telling me he goes to this visit, and they had a game.
And, you know, he goes to the game. Or even if they didn't have a game, I'm pretty sure they either way that night they go out.
And what, what usually happens on these visits and what always happened at BU
pretty much besides Brian McGurk, he kind of did this.
Usually the older players, the seniors, the juniors, the,
the sophomores that you're kind of staying with, even if you're staying with freshmen, they get you drunk, right, dude?
They try to get you loaded.
They want you to have a good time.
They usually, you know, are able to drink more than you.
A lot of times it's high school kids coming in.
Well, Bugsy came in and people didn't know about this kid.
And he drank all of them under the table so these seniors
puking trying to get bugsy drunk he's drinking for the home and they're like getting ready they're
getting sick they can't talk to our bugs he's like you guys already going to bed you kidding me
this is my recruiting trip holy fuck so either way he has a night and a half right so he goes to
the rink the next day and he meets the coach in the morning for breakfast he hasn't slept one
minute he's telling me he's dying which is normal right you you know i'm i'm meeting jack parker for
breakfast at bu i was throwing up at daisy buchanan's i had an afro and people said they
were looking for my afro in the bar and this senior found me puking and daisy buchanan's I had an afro and people said they were looking for my afro in the bar and this senior
found me puking and Daisy Buchanan's with my afro sticking out of the stall so I'm hurt I met Jack
Parker the next morning I had three bites of Lucky Charms as he's talking to me I was looking for
whiter than I usually do like absolute ghost so Bugsy Malone goes the next morning and he meets
the coach and he's like dude I was hurting so bad i hadn't slept
you know i put on a good show and then you know they give me the tour of the school then they
give they get me to the rink and i'm gonna watch practice so i'm sitting there and the coach leaves
me and i'm watching practice on the bench and i remember doing the same thing sitting on the
bed was plastered at practice and he says but i'm like fuck i'm i'm exhausted i need a nap so you know what i did
i went i went up into the stands the guy goes in the stands during a college hockey practice
for his getting recruited he goes i laid my feet out in the row in front of me
i spread my arms around the seats next to me, and I passed out.
So these guys, this coach is ready to offer this kid a full scholarship,
and he's looking.
The little team's looking up into the stands, and he's sleeping.
He's asleep in the stands during practice.
He goes, dude, wait.
I got woken up because kids were throwing water bottles at me and making snowballs.
Finally, a snowball hit me in the face.
Oh, my God.
What school is this?
What school is this?
Was it St. Cloud where he ended up going?
He ended up going there.
He goes, I had such a great time.
I could not go there.
And I started laughing so hard because I just, I, and I started, I was laughing so hard.
Cause I was thinking of our practices at BU and how serious Jack Parker was.
And if we like to think of having a recruit that neat,
that wants to impress everyone is so nervous,
but everything up in the stands stretched out sleeping.
It just,
I couldn't even picture it,
but let,
you know,
blow the whole rhyme loads up there
and gets woken up by water balls and snowballs hitting him in the face a uh and a similar story
to that so when i went to st louis camp like obviously i befriended reeves and uh he reeves
was together bro oh yeah that's right did did he tell you the story about when it was his first training camp there
after he'd signed?
And they had a hard day, and he ends up going in the hot tub.
And I don't know if he  maybe he, like, had to sit out a few days
or something with an injury, but regardless.
So he's in the hot tub, and Walt comes in the room.
He's like, oh, dude.
He goes, you got to turn the jets on, man.
You got to really relax.
So Walt turned the jets on, and then he took off.
And he fell asleep in the hot tub, and Doug Armstrong came in.
Apparently, he was fucking.
Fell asleep?
Fell asleep in the hot tub.
And apparently, he was fucking.
Never played one game.
But he fucking made him pack up his truck.
They sent him to the East Coast.
He didn't even go to AHL camp.
He went all the way to Alaska. He drove there i'm telling you yeah he fucking he fell asleep in the hot tub and apparently
doug armstrong went banana banana lands on him dude if you're falling asleep in the hot tub
at training camp like guys oh it's this guy had never played a professional game yet so
we'll have to get him on the podcast to tell the whole story.
But I know that the result was him getting sent to the East Coast for a few months.
And eventually he's doing all right right now, though.
Yeah, now he's in Vegas living it up, dude.
Actually, did we mention we have Pat Maroon coming on, by the way, boys?
I don't think we brought that up.
We got so deep on Whitney's trip.
Yeah, we got, well, new St. Louis Blue.
Pat Maroon's going to be joining us in a little bit.
But actually, let's go to him right now.
This interview is brought to you by Burrow.
There used to be two options when it came to buying a new couch.
You have to go to one of those fancy showrooms with all kinds of expensive things
that try to sell you on the way in and out.
Or you go to one of those cheap strip mall joints where the stuff falls apart
after a month.
But thanks to our friends at Borrow, you don't have to do that anymore.
They've turned the industry upside down with durable,
stylish couches with a modular design that allows them to ship fast and free.
Borrow's chauffeurs are handcrafted in the same places they make all the
high-end stuff, but Borrow gets them at a better deal
and just passes the savings on to you.
They're the smarter supply chain.
They hand select all their materials from right here in America
to ensure both sustainability and durability.
You can customize it to your style, size, color, armrest height, leg color,
whatever you want, they do it for you at Burrow.
Shipping is fast and free, unlike the rest of the furniture industry.
You can enjoy 30 days of cozy on your comfortable burrow,
risk-free or try out burrow at one of their partner showrooms today.
Customize your burrow and get 75 off your order
by going to burrow.com slash chicklets.
That's B-U-R-R-O-W dot com slash C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S
for 75 off your purchase.
Burrow makes the luxury couch for real life.
Welcome to the show.
Our next guest, a big free agent signing for the St. Louis Blues.
He's going back home.
I'm assuming they got something in the works there.
He's going to wait until January 1st,
and Armstrong's going to pull a rabbit out of his ass
and get this guy a multi-year because something shady is going on.
One year at 1.75 is just not enough.
Underpaid.
Welcome to the podcast, Pat Maroon.
Hey, thanks for having me, Paul.
I appreciate it, Wes.
Everyone, I'm excited to join it.
Sorry I missed out on the opportunity to go to the studio before,
but at least we can do it over the phone now.
Oh, you mean the time that you went to the studio,
but it was two days before that you were supposed to maybe come on our podcast,
but it happened to be 5 in the morning?
Yeah, that night, yep.
Oh, okay, cool.
I love how Patty was like the subject of a Barstool Radio on Sirius XM,
like who the fuck was this New Jersey devil?
And these guys in our office at 5 in the morning, he's just chilling on the sideline, not saying a word.
It was typical Maroon style.
It was incredible.
Just enjoying his offseason.
That's it.
Just enjoying the offseason so no one knows who I am.
They figure it out at the end of the day.
Well, I mean, We want to talk about
last season. You started
in Edmonton and ended up finishing in New Jersey.
I would say a personal
successful season for you. You had
very good numbers. Were you
happy with the way it went?
Yeah, I was happy.
Honestly, guys, I wasn't happy with
the way the team performed, but
I didn't really want to get traded out of Edmonton.
I actually loved it there.
I actually liked it.
The fans were great.
I liked it.
You know what the most important thing was?
The guys were great.
Unbelievable guys.
You couldn't have found a better group of guys,
but obviously I got traded for a reason.
We weren't winning,
but I found ways to have success in New Jersey when I got traded there.
I liked it in New Jersey, but it was one of those things where I didn't want to leave
Edmonton, but I had an opportunity to go to New Jersey and play for some meaningful games.
Yeah, and I think that for people listening, it's obvious that you and Milan Luchas play
a similar game.
He already had signed a long-term deal so as much as Oilers fan wanted
you to remain an Oiler uh it seemed like it was kind of obvious you were going to get traded
because they couldn't really afford to keep you my question is though from 16-17 in Edmonton you
guys make the big jump make the playoffs get to the second round and then and then last year
what was the difference out of the gate what What was the difference? Was there a different feeling in camp?
Or was that just kind of it came out of nowhere for you guys?
You know what?
I think it was guys that thought it was going to be easy again.
I just thought the guys were going to have really good years again.
Like me, I had a career year.
I thought it was going to come again.
You know, playing with my favorite.
27 goals.
Thank you.
No big deal.
No, I just, I thought guys were just, they thought it was going to be easy.
They got comfortable, you know, and it was harder than we thought.
I mean, it came down to the last 10 games for us to make the playoffs,
you know, that year.
And this past year, it was just like going out of camp, guys were feeling it,
a little cocky.
You know how that is.
And guys got complacent.
We didn't realize how hard it was to actually get to where we were the year before.
And guys got too comfortable.
So, Pat, you played on the corner with David.
He's one of the younger captains in the league.
What's that like?
You're a little bit of an older guy in the locker room.
Is he a vocal captain?
Is he kind of more one of those lead-by-example captains?
And is it not tough to listen to a guy that young?
But, you know, what's it like having a captain, I guess, that young in the NHL?
Yeah, he's more of a lead-by-example kind of guy.
It's unbelievable.
He's a really good guy.
And you guys see on TV how nice he is, how humble he is.
You know, he just comes to the rink every day and he comes prepared.
You know, he doesn't really say much, but everyone sees when he's ready.
He's ready and guys follow.
And he's one of those captains where he's a good kid and he's not like everyone thinks he is.
He's probably like this arrogant, cocky kid from Toronto.
But he's a very humble nice
kid that everyone loves in the locker room and guys respect him so much and he gets along with
everyone and we we follow his lead he's more of a leader than kind of uh vocal well I mean
everything you need to know about him was that clip outside the cinema, I think it was,
when a couple people were heckling him and his family.
And it ended up getting posted online.
And I tell you what, if that would have been me and I would have been getting heckled in front of my folks,
I probably would have sent him to the car.
And then I would have went back and absolutely fucking put their jaw on the other side of their head.
But he just kind of took it, was very classy,
just always stays in his lane, just seems that type of guy.
Yeah.
Yeah, he just
That's all you can say.
Yeah, I mean, that's the type of guy he is.
I mean, that is.
He really is.
I mean, he just  honestly, he's unbelievable. I don't know if you guys have met him before. He's just a really good guy. He really is. He really is. I mean, he's just, honestly, he's unbelievable.
I don't know if you guys have met him before.
He's just a really good guy. He really is.
He means well. He loves the game.
I was going to ask you, what's it like being in a Canadian city
when you guys' expectations are so high,
and then all of a sudden you come into the season
and things aren't going well?
Like, are you going out less?
Are you not going to the grocery store?
Are you not going out to eat as much? i'll tell you a funny story i mean yeah i mean it sucks to be honest with you and
uh as a new guy i didn't really know i'm sure a lot of guys can touch on it but
we're not doing so well it's kind of towards the trade deadline i'm going to the grocery store and
this old man comes up to me he goes you pat maroon I said yeah my my fiance was right next to me he goes yeah you're not having a good year like you
did last year I'm just like yeah you're right I'm not and I don't think he's like you know I just
think the team needs to do this and that he's just telling me about the team and what they need to do
I'm just like my fiance finally looked I was like right, I think your time's up. It's just like. Shaw clock.
It's just one of those things where you go out to, even when you go out to dinner,
people come up to you and just like, they try to be the GM, coach, player.
And you're just like, man, I would love to see you on the ice.
But they're not out there and I'm out there.
And, you know, it's a hard city to live in, but it's one of those things where you kind of chuckle
and you laugh when you go to West Edmonton Ball,
and people are chirping you about how bad you are
and walking around looking at the amusement park and the casino,
and you're like, Jesus, where am I right now?
But I'm playing hockey in the NHL.
As opposed to when you're winning there
and guys are, like, offering up their girlfriends or wives for you to crush.
It's like, go to the cup final, man.
I'll let you smash my old lady.
No, they're actually like, hey, Patty, you get a tweet like,
hey, you suck this year, Maroon.
I'll meet you in the Aldo at the West Edmonton Mall.
And then you go up there and you're like, I'm in the Aldo. Where are you? They're like, I'm in the Aldo at the West Edmonton Mall. And then you go up there and you're like, I'm in the Aldo.
Where are you?
They're like, I'm in the Aldo.
Oh, you didn't know?
There's six of them.
We're going to have to figure it out.
That's so true.
It's like the most accurate pot of slap shot.
Every city in the league is like this, but there's nothing similar to,
if you're on a good team in Edmonton,
it's incredible.
I would have loved to play there because when you're good,
I'm sure that year it was buzzing.
You go to Cactus Club, everything's free.
People love you. But then when you're bad, you're trying to park your car
and you're getting chirped for how you parallel park.
You can't even shut your door the right way.
It's like every single thing you do just gets shit on your face.
It's like a complete disaster, and I think that you probably went through that.
Yeah, we did.
But the thing is with me, which I got traded in February from Anaheim,
so I knew we were out of the playoffs and everything was going well.
You know, I finished a year strong, and then I come to the team the following year, and our team was just amazing.
People were, like, loving me.
You know, I couldn't go anywhere.
I was getting free meals.
Like you said, I was going to Cactus.
I mean, people were living it up.
And your fight, too.
That even makes it, you're like, yeah, I fight and score.
Suck on that one.
Exactly.
And then the following year, things are going bad bad and i'm just getting chirped everywhere
we go like people come up to me at dinner we go to west ed mall to go just to shop whatever i mean
people are just chirping you the entire time and you're just like what the hell is going on what
happened from the year before that i'm doing this year just because our team sucks does that mean i
suck too so and it's just one of those things where take the weight
vest off maroon holy fuck too many free meals what did he what did he do this summer that he
didn't do last summer too many free meals is what happened oh I mean Jesus Christ too many uh tuna
pokies from cactus club those are so good tuna stacks that's what I'm thinking of tuna stack
yeah what was it like uh playing in New Jersey You went over there and you guys had a nice little run towards the end of the year.
Yeah, it was good.
You know, there's a good group of guys.
And when you get a chance to play in the playoffs, it's always fun.
And obviously, we had a tough matchup against Tampa.
But I loved it personally, taking the ferry over to New York, living in Hoboken.
The fans are great.
The guys are great. The guys are great.
And for me, I had an opportunity to play in the first unit of power play,
which I really never have done, and had an opportunity to succeed
and show myself without Connor McDavid.
Obviously, people are always harping on me about the reason I scored 27
is because of Connor.
Maybe that's probably why.
I'm not going to lie, but I did some good things with him.
Which is weird. You played with
back-to-back Hart winners.
Yeah, I know. Seriously, that's just
to say something.
We have a nice saying here when you
play with back-to-back Hart winners or just
MVPs in the general
sense of the word. We like to say thank
you very much, and when we spend our money,
I usually give a little point out to Sidney Crosby, to this guy.
You can say thanks, Connor, every time you swipe your credit card.
Seriously, every time.
What do you think it would have paid off this summer, but it didn't?
So that leads me right into my question.
I was thinking we were going to look at a four-year, 12 million to 16 million deal for you.
What happened on that end?
Was there any chance to sign earlier?
Were you as surprised as I am?
Yeah, I was shocked.
I never really got an offer, to be honest with you.
I don't know what happened through free agency.
I mean, every time I felt like there was something good, it never came back to me.
You know, I really never got an offer.
Obviously, you guys all heard I hired a new agency, and things were supposed to go.
They were, like you said, 12 to 16 million range and then nothing, no offers, no nothing.
It could have been the back surgery.
I don't know.
But I was working out.
I was doing everything.
I was cleared to skate.
So it's one of those things where I never had a phone interview, nothing.
So I hired a new agency and then by then i mean teams have you by they have leverage and at that point they know
like nobody else has given you anything it's the worst feeling in the world no it's terrible i
really thought i was going to get a two-way contract and end up in Adirondack once falls again. I'm blowing my brains out. Or the KHL.
Oh, I'm not
going there. I probably would have
hung him up if that was the case.
So, I mean, was it a little
uncomfortable between you and your new agency?
Oh, no.
You know, obviously me and my old agent
had a really good relationship. He was a really good man.
He was like a father figure to me, but
you know, when you just don't have any traction, you don't see anything going on,
I just think it's time to move on.
It's nothing against him.
He did a lot of good things for me.
And when I hired the new agency, I just felt like there was more going on.
There was more offers going on.
Even if it's a one-year deal, at least there's something going on.
Okay, so I might have misinterpreted.
So when things were going tough in free agency, is that when you gassed your old agent?
Or did this happen even before negotiations started?
No, this happened when there's nothing going on.
Like no offers on the table.
Pat, not to interrupt you, but I always wonder in a sense,
like you're saying, all right, we've talked about this all season long.
Like why aren't you doing anything for me?
And, yeah, maybe teams are, you know, know I'm the player so is it on me but there has to be something you could do that
you're not doing right yeah absolutely I mean you guys been you guys been free agency and just like
it was frustrating because it came off career high numbers I had 43 points and uh you know I
had 17 goals whatever you know I just figured's  when I'm seeing Jay Beagle,
obviously he won a Stanley Cup.
But, like, you know, I'm like,
Komarov signing those four years, 12 million.
It's just like
That's the Islanders, though.
They don't count.
But it's just like you see guys like that.
It's just really frustrating.
Oh, I bet.
They're good hockey players.
Obviously they got paid.
They're good hockey players.
But I feel like I'm a good hockey player well if you're comparing numbers i mean you you're
you're far superior than some of those guys you just mentioned yeah so and i think with uh with
my new agency that i hired and he's like hey patty if you're gonna go on a one-year deal here's your
options and here's your best fit and i think if you continue that and you can do what you did the year before,
you're going to be fine.
So obviously I picked the right team.
I'm going to the Blues.
I feel like they have four good centermen I can play up and down the lineup.
I have a chance to get back to where I was two years ago with scoring 20 goals.
And I feel like this is an opportunity for me, my son, to get back together, be with my son and my family,
and to be in a good situation to not only make the playoffs,
but get my game back to where it needs to be.
Yeah, conversely, Pat, I mean, as much as that sucks to deal with,
the agent stuff and all that, do you view this as a perfectly new opportunity?
Like, okay, as bad as that is now
i'm basically in a contract here now so if you light it up you know you have 25 goals this year
you might get that you know four times four next year is that is that kind of the mental approach
you're taking right now yeah yeah i probably i wish i can get that much but i'm getting too old
i'm not the fastest skater a little hopeful a little hopeful for you. But I'm hoping to get hopefully a two-year deal or whatever
and get a two-year deal where it's worth money.
And then I can be a happy man when I retire.
So I just think the goal is, like you said,
I'm a free agent again next year.
So it's a big market.
I think this year was a very slow market for a free agency.
And I think next year is going to open up a lot of doors,
and I think a lot of guys are going to get paid.
And I think if I have a really good year, maybe I can fly it in the radar
and hopefully get paid to what I deserve.
And obviously, 1.75 is good.
Obviously, it's a lot of money, but I feel like I've worked my ass off
the last two years to deserve more.
But I'm in a good situation. The St. Louis Blues wanted me.
Doug Armstrong wanted me. The Blues players reached out to me.
They wanted me, so I'm happy to be home.
So it's a good fit. It's a good opportunity.
All right, Patty, my question goes back to, you know, I'm a hockey DB guy.
I've mentioned it before.
So I look up, you know, your stats.
I look up your years, and I see that you played for the Texarkana Bandits
and the St. Louis Bandits in the NAHL.
That's the legit Iron League because I remember I spent a year playing in there,
USA, and running around.
It was insane.
My question is everyone goes from there to college pretty much.
They're basically college or they retire because they're 20-year-old nutbags
who probably have records and end up going to prison.
You went to the OHL.
So give me the rundown of how you don't end up going D1.
I'm sure you had offers.
Maybe you didn't.
What was that whole way to end up going major junior?
His SAT scores?
I got drafted to the LHL out of Bantams.
It was like the 15th round.
And then I played two years in the NA.
And then Mark Hunter flew to one of my games in St. Louis
and offered me this big old package to
come the year after Kane,
Gagne, Kostitsyn all
left to go play.
They were all first-rounders that year, and they all played
National Hockey League.
Yeah, I just played the
North Carolina Hockey League. I was committed to
Ferris State University.
Ferris State, dude! That's what Chris Kunitz
went. He's haunted my dreams since.
You had to say Ferris State for fuck's
sake. And Big Rapids,
Michigan. I went on a nice little visit there.
I was committed. I was ready to go.
My dad was so pissed off that I chose
London. He was like, you're going to get your college
education. I'm like, dad,
it's a great opportunity. I can play in London.
What's the odds of me going to school
for two years anyways?
Have you seen the girls at Western, Dad?
So, yeah,
I've played in North American hockey. Usually guys
that play in North American hockey, they go
D3 and then, like you said, they end their career.
But I found a way to grind
it out down there.
I got a question.
London gave me a skateboard. I get to learn to skateboard
while I'm in London. It's sick. Don't worry
about college.
I got a question. How much money in a briefcase
did Mark Hunter bring down to come
to play for the London Knights?
They gave me a great college
package. Oh, yeah.
So, side story.
I always joke around about that because
rumor had it there was a few teams in the OHL paying guys under the table, London Knights for sure.
So I was joking around this year on a road trip with Biz with the Coyotes.
I think it might have been Dvorak or somebody who played with the London Knights.
And London Knights emailed the Coyotes to ask us to take the video down because i joked about them paying
the players oh no yeah which i mean down well the coyotes did i'm like are you serious so i i almost
want to like look into it and get them caught as far as paying players on the table they might not
do it anymore but in the past they like come on they they always draft these college guys who are already signed and ready to go there,
and all of a sudden they change their mind.
And I don't know.
I mean, I guess I'll have to do a little hardcore journalism.
Maybe I'll get R.A. on it.
Yeah, we'll talk to Jeremy Roenick, see if he got paid.
Do you work for the Coyotes?
Buddy, they just announced it today.
I signed a three-year extension, boys.
That's the longest contract in my career, so suck on my weans, Whit.
Good for you, dude.
Congrats.
Oh, okay.
Thanks.
Hey, Patty.
Hey, we're kind of taking the light away from Maroon.
He gets the one-year.
I get the three-year.
Whoopsie.
No big deal.
Hey, Arizona.
I could have been an Arizona Coyote, too.
Yeah, suck on that one, biz.
You should have came here. We could have roomed together. We would have saved on rent. Yeah, suck on that one, Biz. You should have came here. We could have roomed together.
We would have stayed on rent. Yeah, I signed a one-year
deal. I had just one year from everyone
except for Arizona gave me a seven-year deal,
but I was like, I don't want to be near Biz.
That's a bullshit comment.
Go back. Go back, alright? You go to London.
NHL.
NAHL. No college. Goes to London.
Then you go to the Philadelphia Phantoms
you spend a couple years with them
then the Adirondack Phantoms
you're a Flyers draft pick
you have some big AHL years
not only points wise but penalty minutes
obviously playing your style hockey
what happens with Philly
for you to never get a chance for that not to work out
you're a Flyers type player
you're a drafted player
and it seems that
you know ahl you had it going what happened there honestly well obviously you guys don't know i get
sent home uh i get sent home for a couple months in my third year of my contract actually i didn't
know that buddy geez what happened no i don't know if it's good for today.
No, it could be.
I can tell a good story.
No, but like you said, I had really good numbers.
I was out in the 18, 19.
I'm putting up all these good numbers.
I'm seeing all these guys get called up.
I think I just had a bad attitude.
I'm getting pissed off. you know, in my rookie year.
I still love you, buddy.
I had rookie year at like 50-something points.
You know, I see all these guys that are like fourth liners getting called up.
I'm fighting every night.
I'm doing everything I can to get called up.
Second year, doing the same thing.
My numbers weren't as good.
And then third year, I started off hot.
And nothing was really clicking. I don't know if the coaches didn't like me. I don't know what happened.
But during training camp, I was always with Carter Richards
on their line, playing with them in preseason. But nothing
really stayed. And then the last two years of my deal,
I was straight to the American League.
I didn't even go to NHL camp.
I went straight to American League camp.
And then I kind of went off the deep end a little bit,
and I was on my couch for a couple months
before I got traded to Anaheim.
And you had a great year there in the minors.
Yeah, I had a really good year in my second year, yeah.
Yeah, you were right.
You did have a hot start.
You had five goals and three assists in the first nine games of that season
in Adirondack.
What a dump.
But then, luckily, you get to go over to Syracuse.
I mean, decent town, college town.
Yeah, it was actually one of my favorite cities to play in America.
I have great stories. oh well let's hear
one every night gotta wait till you retire every night every night was a good night i feel like i
mean wednesday was foot night heads or tails uh we had a tuesday night fishbowl night. I mean, Thursday night, it was just chucks, Thursdays.
I mean, the place was awesome.
Couldn't remember the control breakouts,
but could remember every drinking night of the week.
Yeah, that's very well.
That was beer pong night.
The other night was actually flip cup.
Yeah, Friday night was a Flip Cup night.
Yeah, sick town.
Yeah, no.
No, I had fun, obviously.
In the minors, you know, it's really stressful, obviously.
I don't know if you guys ever played in the minors, but there is.
I played against you when you were in Philly.
I played against you when you were in Philly, and I asked you to fight,
but you told me the guys on my team told me not to fight you.
And then followed it up with just because I was so bad.
And I was like, oh, fair enough, and just went back to the bench.
Oh, I just think they were scared because I might get beat up
because I was a rookie.
I know, but the way you said it, I was like, oh, damn, this guy got me.
Because you were actually scoring and playing well,
and you were tough and a big guy.
And you used the, hey, my teammates told me not to fight you because you were actually scoring and playing well and you were and you were tough and a big guy and you used the hey my teammates told me not to fight you because you suck or you might even said your coach said it that's even worse
so hey i played in the minors patty did you yeah i left college i played in the minors we went to
the calder cup finals in the eastern conference finals this This guy, Jason McDonald from the Hartford Wolfpack, buried me and hurt my wrist.
He's like, you fucking pussy, Winnie.
You fucking coward college pussy.
He was like 5'10".
He was like scaring the shit out of me.
And then the next year, I didn't make Pittsburgh.
Had like 15 points in nine games in Wilkes-Barre.
Got the call up.
Never saw it again until lost my ankles, lost my game,
went down to San Antonio with a bad attitude.
Found your golf game, though.
That was when I got good at golf.
That's okay.
It sounds like me at my first NHL game.
I get the puck on the boards.
Brent Seabrook comes down, buries me in Chicago.
I get back up.
Somehow I get a two-on-one with me and Ryan
debts off. Puts it in my
feet. I shoot it
wide. I get back to the bench. He goes, hey, Patty,
I thought you were right-handed.
Dope.
Who just called your first NHL goal off,
Pat? Pecorino.
Ooh.
Three-two goal off my skate.
That's how I scored my first one.
You went on to get a couple.
Oh, that's not a good look, Pat.
You get the same way Biz scored.
Well, I know.
He went on to get a lot more than I did.
Anaheim.
Oh, my God.
What a place to play.
You must have been going to the rink and flip-flops every day.
I was talking to Derek.
Yeah, where'd you live there?
I lived right on 37th and a half street.
How are ya? Right next to Lupo. Yeah, where'd you live there? I lived right on 37th and a half street. How are ya?
Right next to Lupo.
Oh, jeez.
Just talk about a life.
How many walk of shames do you see him coming out of place?
Sheldon Surrey lived there.
Oh, that's right.
That's two ugly guys.
Two handsome fellas.
So, Sheldon Surrey, I would always go over there every night.
Hey, Big Patty, I've never worn clothes.
What do you want?
I would just go right in the shelf, brand-new suits, still have the tags on them.
I just wear them.
They fit me perfectly.
I still haven't got a new suit until this day because I got all those hand-me-downs.
They say Sheldon Suri in the side pocket.
Unreal.
Hey, all right, so someone like you can score goals,
plays in front, plays tough, will fight.
Would you rather have a fight where you dummy a guy,
police goes nuts, or just would you rather score
a highlight, real big-time goal?
I would rather score a highlight, big-time goal.
Okay.
I thought that would go the other way.
Yeah, I think for sure.
Yeah. I mean,
I don't know. I just think
for a big guy, and you're fighting a big guy,
and you're going in, you're like, this can either
the fans could be like, ooh,
or the fans could be out of their
seats cheering, and I'd
rather be scoring a goal where people
are just going nuts.
Who was your first scrap with that first NHL scrap I mean Kanopka I had I asked Clayton Stoner to go first it was just Minnesota he said no Kanopka's was like
licking his chops ready to go.
And he had Mike Rupp on the other side of the ring.
Oh, jeez.
Going, let's go.
No, I want him.
I want him.
And Kanaka, no, I got him.
I got him.
I'm like, Jesus Christ, who am I fighting tonight?
And they're both looking at me like, oh, no.
And Kanaka just dropped his gloves first. So I'm like, I just threw my gloves off as fast as I could.
Because I didn't want Ruppert for my first fight.
Well, hey, you played with some pretty...
That's probably how Ruppert went.
That did not go well.
Oh, he cut me open.
He beat me up a few times in my National Hockey League career.
You play with some pretty big stars,
but there's one guy in particular I want to ask you about.
It's Timu Solani.
I hear so many funny stories about this guy,
how he used to fuck with...
Holes and a half.
Does he have a wrench?
Can you confirm? Absolute wrench? Can you confirm?
Can you confirm, Patty?
Yeah, he does.
And he's got such a nice tan now.
He doesn't age at all.
No, he's handsome.
I heard that
Randy Carlisle was a little bitter
when he changed his number
to number eight
when they were in Winnipeg.
So he still kind of held a grudge against them,
and they kind of battled back and forth.
And apparently Team Mussolini would wait in his car to show up before games
right until the 5 o'clock mark to be there two hours before,
and he would wait in his car just to see if Randy could try to catch him
because Randy always thought he was going to catch him being late
so he could find him. And then he would walk in his car just to see if Randy could try to catch him because Randy always thought he was going to catch him being late so he could find him.
And then he would walk in right on time.
That is true.
He did that with Bruce, too.
I was never there with Randy.
I was only with Randy for two games.
But with Bruce, too, he would walk in at, no word of a lie,
4.59 on the dot every single time.
No word of a lie.
And, Wetz, I'm sure you have,
I don't know if you play with him,
but there's,
he would always get dressed at the 20 minute mark before you go out.
Oh man.
Four minutes.
I had to put my skates on like 45 minutes before the,
the warmup to try to like get my feet feeling normal.
And I'd be like jumping around.
He would come in,
he'd have three minutes before we were going on the ice.
And somehow he had a Velcro uniform.
It would be on before I had my elbow pads on.
I'd been sitting there close to an hour.
And then he'd just be flying around, get one and one, and that was it.
He'd take off out of there in his Ferrari, probably play golf the next day before the skate.
The guy has a joke of a life.
He's a legend.
He really is a legend.
I mean, I couldn't believe it he was the
last one dressed in the first one on the ice every game well the way i found out about that was i was
taping my stick on the bench because i used to get there early sometimes just because you know
warm up was my time to shine because i'd be a health bomb but i was taping my sick and donor
was putting his sticks on the rack and sure enough team was Salani was walking on the ice in his suit to the car,
to the Anaheim locker room from the Zamboni to there.
And I'm like,
what's this guy doing?
And then,
and then Doner told me the story that he likes the fuck with Randy Carlisle.
Yeah.
See,
I don't know that story,
but that's right.
He never told me that.
did you ever hear the story of like when,
cause you know,
he played with team who played with Randy and, uh, know, he played with  Timu played with Randy.
Yeah.
He got to Winnipeg, and Randy was number eight, and he had won a Norris trophy also.
Randy Carlisle.
People may not remember he won a Norris trophy.
He used to skate around and be like, hey, watch this, crossbar, and he'd hit the crossbar.
I'd be like, how many fucking Norris trophies you got?
He was such a motherfucker.
But when Timu got to Winnipeg, he
went up to him as a rookie, this guy, you know,
established NHL or Norris Trophy, like I said.
And he's like, hey,
how much money can I pay you for
number eight?
And I guess Randy lost
his mind. Fuck you, you little rookie puke.
Fucking piece of shit.
He was like, oh.
Teemu was like, oh, fuck.
Jesus Christ.
And that's why Randy was bitter at him is because when Randy left or retired,
first thing Teemu did was take his number.
And obviously, you know, the guy won a Norris there.
So he felt a little disrespected that they would just give it.
I didn't know he ever wore number eight in Winnipeg.
I thought he went way to 8 to
Anaheim. My jaw's
on the fucking floor listening to this story
right now. I can't believe that fucking, he got that
pissed that Teemu fucking won at 8.
That is hilarious. Yeah, like, dude,
back then, old school, like, you don't ask
any fucking old guy for anything, and
Teemu comes in, he's like,
hey, can I get your number to this Norris
trophy winner, and he's obviously an old, miserable fuck, and he snapped, but, I mean, at the. He's like, hey, can I get your number to this Norris Trophy winner? And he's obviously an old, miserable fuck.
And he snapped.
But, I mean, at the same time, like, you know, people were probably like,
fuck, who's this rookie asking for your number?
And then he goes out and gets 76 goals.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal.
Just worth noting, Randy, he did win his Norris,
but he won his Norris in 81 when he played with Pittsburgh years ago.
He was basically playing out the string by then,
but he sounded like he just was fucking an old crusty guy,
Canadian, who hated all these young Europeans.
Okay, well, I just pulled it up on HockeyDB.
So, T. Mussolini, his first year, obviously 76 goals.
He wore number 13.
Carlisle was on the team at the time, and that was in the
I missed the number of the year that was.
But sure enough, the minute he retired, Timu took it right away.
And then obviously he thought that his way to get back at him
was to torture him when he was his head coach.
But I don't think Timu's the type of guy you can get in his head.
Hey, but Patty, you'll love this one.
He didn't always torture him
because we had rookie party in chicago the boys got after it and the next day we had practice guys
were just so hurting on the bus you know and timu's the last guy out of the hotel and he's
walking on the bus and randy's still outside and starts talking to him and timu turns right around
and goes back up to bed i think he was like all, all right, bud, you're holding up. You're out of this one.
I was like, oh, my God.
What?
He ended up skating all of us.
Teemu was snoozing the whole time.
Still scored the next night.
Was that  did I  did that the year I got called off?
Which or no?
Yeah, that was the year I got traded.
Oh, okay.
I got dealt out of town and then you ended up getting called up.
But then the next year you didn't even make the team out of camp again,
and then you ripped it up again in the minors.
You're like, fucking call me up.
I know.
I thought that was a year because I heard nothing,
but when I got called up, we had the rookie party in Chicago, blah, blah.
I'm like, how the fuck did I miss this?
All right, so give us your thoughts right now.
And we talked about how it all went down, but you're going home, dude.
You grew up a Blues fan.
Everyone knows that.
You're going home.
What's the excitement level at?
Do you already own a place there?
I'm just assuming you've never been this fired up for a season in your life.
Yeah, I'm fired up.
Honestly, guys, I've never been this fired up for a season in your life. Yeah, I'm fired up. Honestly, guys, like, I've never been happier before.
Long story short, it's just I've been away from my son forever.
You know, it's been nine years,
and I only get three months with him literally out of the year.
And for me to, like, he knew I was on the verge of signing,
and to me to let him know that I didn't take that deal to play in St. Louis
just would have crushed his little heart.
So I had an opportunity to play here, and I took the deal.
But not only that, I took the deal because the Blues have a good lineup for me
to be in a position to succeed.
And then not only that, my fiance's from here, my mom and dad.
It's just going to be so cool to play in front of my family and friends.
It's been a dream come true.
My dad had season tickets my whole life.
And growing up, I never thought of the place of the shameless booze.
But when I got that call, when they offered me, I couldn't even turn that down.
It's just one of those things where I'm doing it for Anthony,
but I'm also doing it because it's a good team,
and I'm happy to join the team.
How did you break the news to him?
Honestly, I made the decision late night at like 10 o'clock,
and Doug called me.
He's like, hey, we're not going to announce it till three o'clock the next day.
So he was at my house and I was like,
Hey,
I'm signing with the blues.
He's like,
are you really?
I was like,
yeah,
man.
And he's like,
okay.
And they're like,
I don't think it really registered.
It was like 10 30 at night.
He was half asleep.
And they call him the next day at threes with his mom.
I'm like,
Hey Anthony, your dad's playing for the St. Louis blues. It next day at three he's with his mom i'm like hey anthony your dad's
playing for the same list as it's official he's like no way are you really i'm like yeah he's
and he just like kind of broke down i kind of broke down crying oh that's awesome i haven't i
haven't been there you know i haven't seen him and i haven't seen him play ice hockey you know
i haven't seen him play all these kind of things that, as a father,
you want to see your kid do.
And I really haven't seen him grow as a person.
And I kind of get to do that now for a full year.
It's going to be really cool.
Pat, our coworker and your buddy and St. Louis native, young page views,
Ben Friedman, he says you owe him some money.
What's up with that?
He said something about a farm and hitting a stick, and he wants you to pay him.
Yeah, I probably do.
Are they ever going to release those videos?
He actually told me to.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I do owe him a lot, but I caught the first fish.
So he owes me money for that, and he dove into some statin water,
some gross water, disgusting water.
And I owe him money for a lot of things at the farm that night.
Are we going to get the full story here or what?
Are we just going to let our fans guess what the fuck is just happening there?
Are we just going to let our fans guess what the fuck is just happening there?
So we had a nice little late four-wheeler night in the farm.
He went down to our buddy's farm, and he wanted to film us fishing outdoorsy kind of stuff, what he does.
So I was like, this is a perfect opportunity to come down and hang out. You can fish.
You can go to the creek, whatever.
So we go to the four-wheeler ride, and there's this big stick.
It's pitch black.
I don't know what time it was.
And we're just throwing some rock at this thing, this big old stick with some light.
And there's nothing really that happened.
He hit it first, and we owe him.
I think we owe him like 200, 300.
There was like 10 of us there.
But there's nothing really
exciting happening. It's just a bunch of dudes
doing outdoor stuff
that's kind of boring to be honest with you, Biz.
Well, to be honest, if I was you,
I would never pay him.
So, you know, I give you
props to that.
I almost got him fired.
Yeah, that was your payback i almost got you gas for
letting us in here but patty dude thanks so much for coming on um i'm on the i'm on the over on
the over whatever your point total is for this year i think the lineup in st louis is huge for
you a bunch of good centers and you got a lot you know a lot to prove with the only one year deal
when everyone thought it'd be more so can't thank you enough for coming on.
I wish you all the luck in the world this upcoming season, bro.
Thanks for having me, guys.
I really appreciate it.
Anytime.
Let's catch up midseason when everything's going good for you down in the St. Lou.
Yeah, absolutely.
Thanks for coming on, Patty.
All right.
Big thanks to our boy, Pat Maroon.
Love having him on.
Nice long interview where he kind of let us know what was going on and his thoughts in the past couple years. All right, big thanks to our boy, Pat Maroon. Love having him on.
Nice long interview where he kind of let us know what was going on and his thoughts in the past couple years.
So we appreciate that and wish him luck this year.
I talked about my golf trip, but I'm kind of more curious
and a little jealous, not going to lie.
I've seen Grinnelli's snaps and Insta videos.
What are you guys doing in Kelowna?
You're at a golf tournament. Look like a sick track. What's going on there what what are you guys doing in Kelowna you're at a golf tournament look
like a sick track what's going on there who you talking to biz by the way I think people think
you're a bad golfer I played with you once you're actually not nearly as bad as I thought you would
be so how's that going I actually text I actually texted Whitney shit face so shit face during while
we were playing and I was like dude this is actually a pretty good golfer.
Like first hole, he probably drained 50 plus foot pot on the first hole.
Probably that we were at.
Yeah.
I mean, I, I'm not, if I have to play my own ball,
I'm shooting 30 over or one 30 at whisper rock.
But, uh, that's the best.
I was actually shocked to learn how bad of a golfer granelli
was he was fucking horrendous actually i'll give you guys a couple other fun i thought you were
good no i was i was fine i was perfectly fine this business was just this was just this guy
was a nightmare this was just every short putt i had, he's like, oh, my God, short again.
He would miss the putt farther than the length of the original putt.
That's a blatant lie.
Which is, like, fucking impossible.
Blatant lie.
A couple other fun facts.
Grinnelli didn't know about the exchange rate, so he almost got his arse.
So Grinnelli thought, like, if you get a Canadian dollar, it's an American dollar.
Well, he gave.
We went to a shop.
We won't say what kind of shop.
But the bill was, let's say, 50.
And he gave the guy 100 U.S.
And he was going to get 50 Canadian back.
And I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
And I stepped in.
I pay with my card.
And I said, it's 1.30 right now.
So every 100 U.S., you get 130 Canadian.
He's like, what?
Go try to rookie this kid.
Yeah.
So the guy tried to fleece him a little bit.
Another thing.
Have you ever driven with Grinnelli where you drive the car?
I've seen his car, but I've never driven with him.
R.A., have you ever?
Do you notice how hard he slams the fucking door?
No.
Not like that.
I wouldn't go for it.
My wife says, why do you slam the door so loud?
The first time he did it.
I didn't notice.
The first time.
So we drive to where we went the first time, and he closed the door.
I was scared shitless.
I was like, what the fuck was that?
I think it's just people in Canada are too nice, so they're just kind of startled.
Yeah.
They're just so nice and so easy going and they shut the doors so easy and they're just...
I like to slam that shit.
Let it know it's closed.
I need one of Grinnelly's buddies who listen to this to confirm.
I have a Range Rover that the door shuts automatically.
Oh, humble brag.
Well, I have a Jeep Grand Cherokee and they can't fucking take that much abuse or the
glass will break.
Another thing, Grinnelli can fall asleep anywhere.
This is true, yeah.
Oh, dude, Grinnelli, he's a narcoleptic.
Is that the word?
Yeah, my high school lacrosse coach actually called me narcolepsy boy
because I would, like, legit, like, fall asleep anywhere.
Like, anywhere, like, in his class, on the lacrosse bus, on the lacrosse field.
Like, legitimately, I can fall asleep anywhere. You're a JV lacrosse coach? Oh, yeah, on the lacrosse bus, on the lacrosse field, like legitimately I can fall asleep anywhere.
You're a JV lacrosse coach?
Oh, yeah, JV lacrosse.
But I will say this.
He is a trooper, and we battled hard this week.
We got some amazing interviews banked.
We got the Shen boys together, guys,
and that's going to be coming up in the next month or two.
They were unbelievable together, very candid.
We had Brent Seabrook, three-time Stanley Cup champion,
Olympic gold medalist for Team Canada, not a big deal. That's
a great one. He told a really funny
Quimble story on that one.
We had Tyson Jost.
Tyson Jost. Tyson Jost
and Blake Como together.
We doubled them up. We had
Wade Redden as well, who was
a fun one. Oh, did you guys talk to him about
our fight? I didn't know you guys fought was a fun one. Oh, did you guys talk to him about our fight?
I didn't know you guys fought.
Okay.
All right.
So listeners, Biz and Grinelli are absolute workhorses.
They're out, you know, we've said where they are.
They're getting interviews.
So it's actually just you two guys doing it.
Biz, you're a legend for doing that.
Aria was working.
I was away. So a lot of these interviews
are solo but the one when you told me you had wade red and i felt like i i had to be on there
i couldn't make it but yeah we chucked knucks due to i think i went one and eight in my career fights
in the in pro hockey and i actually beat him up i swear to god i swear to god i but i i mean i'm
assuming he would have been disgusted,
like looking back, that Ryan Whitney beat me up.
But, dude, first game of the playoffs against the Ottawa Senators
the year we went to the finals and lost to Detroit.
I was plus three with a one fight at the end of the game.
Wade Redden was trying to bully Crosby.
YouTube it, folks.
YouTube it.
I got that right-hand free biz and I was chucking it.
Malone came in the locker room
going,
holy fuck, what was that?
Hey, Tarion must have loved you
now after that.
Dude, he loved me.
It was actually like probably my...
I couldn't believe it.
And Redden's tough. I remember he fought
this kid, Guillaume Lefebvre.
Oh, Guillaume Lefebvre was so tough.
Look at the width with the rights.
Holy shit.
Oh, Andre's watching it.
Oh, dude, you fucking  dude, you come in and defend your boy Sid.
I mean, it's
Dude, I was shocking knocked.
Hey, you were shocking
You were shocking, dude.
I can't believe that's you.
What?
You remember Guillaume Lefebvre?
Oh, yeah, I played with him.
He was the guy where, like, I'd never seen him fight before,
and someone went up to him.
I don't think anyone knew he fought,
and there was always that poor sap who would challenge him,
and then he would just beat the wheels off him.
I remember he was unreal at the guitar.
I'd be like, what's up, G?
He'd be like, hey, waiteritter. How are you, buddy?
And then he'd get on the ice.
And I remember one time someone asked him to fight, and he was like, okay.
And he squared off.
He was a lefty and punched someone's eye shut.
I'm like, what the fuck?
But he fought Redden one year.
And Redden beat him.
Redden maybe didn't beat him up, but it was a good fight.
I was like, holy fuck, Redden's tough as shit.
And then the Witt dog came in. And that's playoff wit dog chucking him oh man you did know but i'll
tell you i mean i'm watching again now redden gave sit a bunch of shots dude like you know you come
fucking bombing in i gotta give you a full mark full marks for that one which this is when we
definitely got a tweet out from the account we dropped the show because it's actually a fucking
pretty good scrap i can't wait to watch it when we drop the show because it's actually a fucking pretty good scrap.
I can't wait to watch it when we get off this podcast.
But last guy we got there was Joel Edmondson,
who's up for arbitration.
But one sad thing that we need to discuss,
and we haven't mentioned it yet, is the Ray Emery thing,
incident I should say.
And we talked to a few of his ex-teammates while we were in Kelowna,
and we had some great stories about Ray and just talked about his career
and, you know, all the hardships he went through.
He went through a big hip surgery.
And obviously the sad news that just came out.
R.A., I mean, do you want to chime in here?
Anytime you lose, you know, anybody young, it's awful.
And it's just terrible.
The circumstances, you know, I think he was swimming at 6 in the morning.
The cops actually called it like misadventure or something.
So just like a horrible way for somebody to die.
And, again, a guy we all  well, some of you guys played with him.
Most of us grew up watching him.
And it's just a terrible tragedy, man.
It just sucks. It's just one's uh it just it just sucks it's
just one of those things that it just sucks to hear it's a guy like you said he had a you know
some career struggles he was a fiery guy on and off the ice you know i had i know he had some
off-ice struggles too but you know he did battle through them he come all the way back from from
thinking that he was not he was never going to play again from the hip injury and ended up winning
a stanley cup so you know it was nice he was able to have that in his career.
But it's just an awful tragedy, and I just want to tell, you know,
whoever, maybe friends or family or whatever with them that, you know,
we on the show want to send our deepest sympathies
because it's an awful tragedy.
Yeah, well said, R.A.
That was well said.
I actually played with him in Ontario.
Oh, did you?
Yeah, I played with him in Ontario.
Spent a lot of time with him at BioSteel camps where with Matt Nickel who's a creator of BioSteel uh he trained with him in the
summer times uh took his office off ice very seriously and had to because of those hip injuries
and uh all in all just a great human being and did you get to spend any time with him wit no i uh i never met him just
played against him but you know saw what guys said you know when the news came out that he passed
away and i i know i know he went through some tough times man i think there was a point where
he had hip surgery and he there was a chance he was never going to be able to play again and
um some other kind of off the ice stuff but the fact that he was able going to be able to play again and some other kind of off-the-ice stuff.
But the fact that he was able to kind of rebound from that and so many people spoke so highly of him.
I landed, the plane landed in Boston, turned on my phone
and saw that on Twitter and just said, fuck me.
You know, like it's just so sad.
And, you know, you think of his family and friends
and, you know, thinking of them, they're in our prayers.
Well, that's a tough way to end the show,
but boys, it was good getting us all back together.
I missed you guys.
Wolfpack.
Wolfpack, yeah.
Glad you had a great trip, Whit.
Looking forward to getting a lot of those guys
you talked about having on in the future.
Tons of great interviews coming soon.
Tons of great interviews. Hey, Will and Scotty Maroon. Tons of great interviews coming soon. Tons of great interviews.
Tons of video, too.
We'll end on a happy note, Biz.
We'll do a quick Ask a Millennial, okay?
All right, 99ZLiftBalloons.
Do you know what that is?
Ask a Millennial.
No, what's 99LiftBalloons?
That's that song, 99ZLiftBalloons.
There we go, there we go, yeah, because That's that song. 99 Ziffy Balloons. There we go.
There we go.
Yeah, because it's episode 99.
I was debating whether to use that one.
Is it the song that they have in Dumb and Dumber?
America?
99 Wayne Gretzky drinks.
He snipes goals and crushes vodka.
Thank you so much, listeners.
We'll talk to you next week.
Oh, yeah. See you guys. That was pretty good. Peace. See much, listeners. We'll talk to you next week. Oh, yeah.
See you guys.
That was pretty good.
Peace.
See you, boys.
Dude, there's no better way we could have ended that show than that. Bis zum nchsten Mal. Outro Music
