Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody and welcome back to Spittin' Chicklets Johnny! Pretty exciting, huh, Ryan? meeting today as me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is Barstool Sports as we join
their podcast network with today's show.
Pretty exciting, huh, Ryan?
You know, we've been waiting
for Barstool to just help us
out. They made
us the lucky few
to have a little hockey podcast on their
network. Their network of like
15 podcasts. You come to Godfather
and you say you want to make your big... The blog father really hooked it up. You come to the Godfather and you say you want to wet your beak.
The blog father.
The blog father really hooked it up.
You come to the blog father and you say you want to wet your beak, but you want to kiss
my rings.
I will say, though, that I'm excited because now we'll get to know those guys a little
bit better who are hilarious.
And I'm sure Dave will probably yell at us at some point.
He yells at everyone else that kind of works for him.
Not that we work for him, but he'll give it to us at some point.
Yeah, we'll probably hear it now that we're on the payroll at some point.
But no, really, we're excited to join the network.
Obviously, KFC, you helped to get this thing rolling a few years back
with the first couple podcasts before everybody jumped on the bandwagon with him.
His props to Kevin for starting this.
And then, obviously, Dan and PFT comment,
or whatever his birth name is,
have really taken it to another level with their brilliant satirical take,
with the part in my take.
Going neck and neck with Simmons every week is quite an accomplishment
for the stool.
It's great to join.
It's great to be part of Barstool.
Give a little hockey input.
Exactly.
Me and Ryan feel there's a dearth of quality hockey podcasts out there right now,
especially those that don't feature Puck Daddy.
And that's not a diss.
I'm a big Wyshynski guy, but every good Puck Daddy,
every good podcast seems to have Wyshynski on it, and that's not a knock.
He's great at what he does.
Well, Barstool, I think there's a ton of hockey fans.
You know, you get so many cities with good teams, Boston, Washington,
you know, New York, Chicago.
So we're hoping that you guys enjoy it.
We're going to get some good interviews going, guys I used to play with,
you know, maybe a couple of Bruins fans that we used to sit in the upper deck
with and scream at players.
So we'll get some interesting cats upper deck with and scream at players.
So we'll get some interesting cats on here.
It should be fun.
Yeah, we're really looking forward to bringing this podcast up to another level to steal a cliche.
So thanks for listening.
Definitely subscribe on iTunes.
Drop reviews, good, bad, indifferent, whatever.
We really want people to chime in and let us know what we could do better
or worse or stop doing.
Maybe we'll get Austin Matthews on there.
Wow.
Well, he's American, man.
Unbelievable.
I'll just start creeping him on Twitter and maybe he'll follow me back.
I mean, what an unbelievable open for the season.
NHL history.
First, I mean, four goals.
And just to get you up to speed if somehow you're in a cave,
because even, I guess, SportsCenter, which I said before in this corner,
I don't watch it, but I guess they devoted 12 minutes to Austin Matthews.
12 minutes.
I think I read that somewhere.
We're talking American SportsCenter.
Exactly.
Not SportsCenter.
Not SportsCenter.
T-R-E.
Not SportsCenter.
SportsCenter.
So, yeah, apparently it got ample discussion today.
And, well, why the hell wouldn't it?
What else was there to talk about last night if not Austin Matthews' four goals?
There's no baseball.
My first game in the NHL was in New Jersey.
I got called up eight, nine games into a season, shitting myself,
skating around in warm-ups, petrified, don't really know what to expect.
This kid goes out, scores four goals in his first game.
By the end of it, he wasn't even celebrating.
Joe Thornton said if he ever got four in a game, he'd whip his dick out.
He did.
This kid's first game in his career, and he's just kind of putting his hand up for the fourth.
Like, is this real?
What is this, a beer league?
The fourth one was so nonchalant.
He almost looked like he did something wrong or something.
Yeah, exactly.
I think he was like, what is going on?
He probably was in shock a little bit, like, what is going on right now?
Seriously.
They showed his mother and his father in the crowd, which was great.
Oh, that was great.
Actually, I remember seeing my parents in the crowd during warm-ups.
It was a pretty cool moment when I played my first game.
But they showed his parents go bananas for his first goal.
And then the second goal, they were like, oh, my God.
Then the third, the mother was, like, really crying.
Then the fourth, even they were like, what is going on right now?
Is this a Scottsdale pickup hour?
Like, seriously, like, she, I think it was the third goal.
She was in shock.
And when she turned to him and he just gave, like, the shrug, like, I don't know, honey.
And, you know, they were shocked.
I mean, when you can shock your parents like that at this stage after they've seen you at every level.
Well, when his mom was growing up in Mexico, do you think she ever thought your son would be the superstar NHL player at 18 years old?
It's a crazy story.
And that's the thing, too, that strikes me, Ryan.
It's such a quintessential American story.
And I know there's a lot of horse shit and politics and stuff but we're not going to talk about it on this show
They're both scumbags
That's what we'll talk about
But you know here you have a story
Of a woman from Mexico
Who marries a guy in
Arizona and they give birth to
What today is probably the greatest
American hockey player right now
I know it's a lot to put on the kid but
The hype is there and early returns I think it's a lot to put on the kid, but the hype is there, and early returns have
been great.
I think he's showing that, you know, Kane and Eichel and these guys, he's going to
be there.
He's going to be one of these studs.
If not, I mean, if not, maybe better than them, but it's just such a great, I mean,
to me, an American, it's like an American success story.
I mean, you know, I mean, we're all sons and grandsons or great-grandsons of immigrants,
and, you know, I mean, all of our, you know, great-uncles and
great-aunts met, you know, people a lot of times
of the same faith, but
same ethnicity, but sometimes you go off
the reservation
and marry an Italian, you know what I mean?
Back in the 60s, you'd go crazy
and marry an Italian if you were Irish around here.
But it's just such, the roots of him,
it's just such like a quintessential American
success story. And it's 20 seasons from the time Winnipeg moved to Phoenix.
And if that had never happened, this kid isn't, I mean, he's not playing hockey.
It's really cool to finally see kids from Florida, kids from Phoenix, kids from California,
because these teams are, yeah, it took 20 years, but people are finally playing hockey there.
There's youth programs.
It's unreal for USA Hockey, which looked fabulous at the World Cup.
Oh, my God.
But, I mean, in the end, it's really cool to see that kids are coming from different parts of the country.
And that's, you know, like you kind of took the words out of my mouth, is that, you know, expansion that everybody goofed off for all these years.
I mean, this is the best evidence yet that it's worked.
I mean, without the Coyotes in the Southwest,
then Austin Matthews probably doesn't happen.
He never goes to that first Coyotes game.
No, this was all the Leafs.
This is like payback, you know, or not payback.
This just shows all those stupid Leaf fans that were complaining
when Winnipeg did get moved.
Because plenty of Canadians were pissed off.
Well, you don't have this kid if you're a Leafs fan without that happening.
Exactly, exactly.
That shows you had no clue what you were talking about.
And actually, do you know a little trivia for you,
where the Phoenix Coyotes' first ever game was?
I don't.
It was in New England.
Hartford Whalers?
Yeah, yep, they played at the mall.
The Hartford Whalers were still in the league when Phoenix came into the league?
The Hartford Whalers last year in the league was the first year.
And I only know because I was actually at the game.
I covered it for the North Adams beat.
What the hell is the name of the paper?
The North Adams transcript.
I could see you on your typewriter.
Actually, it was more an excuse to drive down and go to a pro game.
So me and one of my roommates drove down.
He was my quote-unquote photographer.
But, yeah, it was the very first Phoenix-Coyotes game.
They lost to the Hartford Whales, and it was the last season in Hartford.
Yeah, a little.
Well, the only thing that's the thing for Phoenix is that does suck, I remember,
because you play there in Glendale, and there's nobody at the games.
Yeah.
It's painful.
It would be like building a Bruins rink in Andover.
Exactly.
And the DUI loss.
It's 45 minutes from Scottsdale.
There's a picture of Shane Doan, though, putting a shovel into the ground in
Scottsdale to start building the rink.
They were going to put it in Scottsdale. They ended up getting all that land
for free in Glendale. If that team
was in Scottsdale, they'd sell it every game.
Snowbirds. It just sucks
that that atmosphere is so bad because it could be
so much better 40 minutes closer
to the city.
They got to the conference finals a couple years ago out of the blue.
That should have, it should have been like a rebirth for them down there.
And then it just kind of, they kind of bottomed out again.
I know ownership changed again.
They've just had so much turnover.
But, I mean, I know they say this every year, but this will be the year.
But they do get a ton of talent there.
I mean, if they can get a home in Scott's deal.
If they could have, they got that kid.
Yeah. But. But anyway, so, I mean, if they can get a home in Scott's deal. If they could have, they got that kid. But anyway, so I mean,
Austin Madden.
But it was great. Four games,
I mean, four goals for one game.
But of course, the Leafs lost because the Leafs
still have the Leafs defense.
And just a horrendous signing.
Frederick Anderson. Do you think he, really?
I don't know. He looked
horrible. I mean, he did look bad.
He had a horrible preseason.
He had a really bad first game last night.
I mean, he was good.
I mean, was Anaheim covering for him?
I think Anaheim
I mean, he had pretty good numbers.
He had a really good team, but I don't know.
We'll see.
I mean, you're left out to dry with a Leafs D that's not very deep.
But I don't really understand how you can sign a guy for five years
and that money, and then he has that bad of a camp,
and then in the first game of the year gives up five,
and four of them should have been saved besides the Carlson tip.
But either way, we brought up the game because NHL history to be made
on the opening night of the season for the first time
in a player's first game to get four goals,
that's so good for the league.
And then I'm sure plenty of people went to sleep.
But I don't know if you watch Edmonton Calgary.
Oh, man, I had it.
McDavid.
Yeah.
He was almost like, all right, I see this, but just slow down.
Yeah.
I'm still there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I see your four and I'll raise you.
I'm going to say that Connor McDavid is the fastest player in the history of the NHL with
the puck.
He's unbelievable. He's coming to the NHL with the puck. He's unbelievable.
Every hockey fan out there, I know if you're a fringe, if you like a team, you only watch your team.
This guy is a one in every 10 to 15 years type player.
And I'm watching last night.
He's flying through the neutral.
He gets the puck and just skates completely by guys like they're in quicksand.
Elite skating defenseman, too.
Mark Giordano last night.
Yeah, yeah.
The young talent in the game right now
and how the game's going with speed being number one,
it makes me scared as hell for the Bruins and Bruins fans.
But as a fan of the league, it's insane to see right now.
It really is.
The talent and how fast this game's become.
And we start, of course, in the World Cup with Team North America.
I mean, you know, I know a lot of people didn't like the format
because it took away the country aspect of things.
But if you wanted to see all that talent play, that's what they had to do
because, you know, look at all the guys on Team Canada.
Well, of course, Team USA, they could have probably taken some of those guys off.
But, you know, just that Team North America, I mean,
they didn't get to the medal round,
but I pounded them 10-1 just because I looked at the talent.
I said, you know, Matt Murray, he didn't,
but if he played as good as he did back for Pittsburgh,
you know, they could have stole that tournament.
And I think Canada could be had.
I mean, Europe gave them a pretty good game in the two games.
It would have been interesting.
It would have been very interesting.
But just the plethora of talent from North America.
And then the kid on Edmonton, what's his name?
Pujavi or Pujavi.
I can't even say his name.
I'm terrible with someone.
Pujavi?
I got to hear them 17 times.
It's like Pujavi, Hockey Night Canada, Pujavi?
Yeah, Pujavi, the Finnish kid.
He scored last night.
He got one last night.
And Columbus actually picked that kid from the Quebec League,
I think it was Pierre-Luc Dubois, and they sent him back,
and they could have had the kid that Evanson took at fourth.
Yeah, they kind of screwed everything up for him.
We can't forget to say that they showed Matthews' score
his fourth goal last night.
Everyone was in shock.
Everyone was going nuts.
I just couldn't believe it.
I was, like, talking to myself out loud.
Is this kid serious?
And they show Lou Lamorello and Brendan Shanahan.
They're not even smiling.
My, my, my, my, my, my poker face.
They can't even.
You're not even breaking a smile.
Yeah. Like, first game of the kid's career, he scores four goals,
and you're sitting there stone-faced.
Like, have a little fun with it. I don't care if you're a gm president like that's just ridiculous yeah i
i mean i i get it on one hand i don't get it i don't i mean if i if you were sitting there if i
was if any normal person was sitting there you'd be like laughing i'd be i'd be laughing but i i
think that like shanahan they were losing lamorello well isorello, well, the team wasn't playing good hockey.
I mean, you know, they're not going to get caught up on one guy scoring.
And they know every camera in Toronto is on them.
And they know a little smile, a laughter.
It's going to get, you know, dissected a zillion times over.
Dissected, positive.
Probably.
I get it, though.
I mean, Shanahan's no dummy.
Lou's no dummy.
And if they're up there gaga over a kid his first game, then, you know, it might.
I'm not saying gaga. I'm saying don't be such a hard-o and crack a smile.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Like, NHL history being made, you've both been around the league for like 40 years.
Right.
And you're sitting there stone-faced as he gets four goals, your number one pick.
Were they being hockey hardos?
They were being the definition of hardos.
I mean, Lou Amarillo, when he was in Jersey,
you weren't allowed to use anything but the color tape of your socks.
And you had to tape your socks a certain way.
He's the definition of a hardo.
Is it true you can only wear Old Spice aftershave if you play for the Devils?
You have to use Barbasol shaving cream like it's 1983.
Lou, all I got is Clubman.
Can I skate today or what?
That's right.
It smells like a 1960s principal.
You're all right.
Don't worry about it.
So anyways, speaking of the reason I was, I did have Calgary Edmonton on.
I know DirecTV and I believe Verizon cable.
There's nine million cable outlets out there, but there's Free Center Rice.
Comcast, too.
Comcast, too.
Okay, yeah, Free Center Rice.
But it's not in HD.
I tweeted this.
Oh, that's brutal.
Do you have an HD?
Oh, I got it in HD.
DirecTV, man, you can't go wrong with DirecTV.
Hopefully, I'm not violating these sponsor deals.
I'm at R.A.'s place right now.
Every time I come over here, he's just grilling me about getting DirecTV.
You can't.
Oh, it sucks. You live in a condo.
They won't give it to you. I don't know.
If I went to a condo building, I would just get one giant
Star Wars satellite
looking dish put on top with DirecTV
and then everybody in the building would get fucking DirecTV
and that would solve the problem. If it rained and I couldn't golf
one day and I was going to watch TV all day and I
couldn't because a rainstorm knocked the satellite
thing off, I'd lose my mind.
If it happens twice a year for more than five minutes...
Twice a year, too many.
But you know what?
If, I'm saying if, it could go a year without happening,
but even if it happens one minute, one time for ten minutes,
it's still worth not having fucking corncob.
Having HD NHL package actually probably makes your point true.
Yeah.
Because it's embarrassing that I'm watching games,
like, I can't even see the puck.
I can't even remember, is it standard definition?
Standard definition, yeah.
Bullshit.
Yeah, you can't even see it good.
But, no, it's been free center ice, so definitely check that out.
You know, like last night, perfect example.
I mean, we did have L.A. San Jose on the national network,
but, you know, you got the big ice on the new, well, the new rink in Edmonton.
Jonathan Quick hurt.
Quick got hurt.
It looks like he's going to be out for a while.
Wanted to see McDavid.
I also wanted to check out Matthew Kachuk.
Keith's young son.
And he was playing with some serious edge to his game, no surprise.
Big Waltz's dad.
Yeah.
I seen him jostling with Nugent Hopkins.
Nugent Hopkins is getting a little tough guy with Matthew Kachuk. And then after he was in a scrum And his helmet fall off and Zach Cassian
Gave him a wicked face wash and he
Gave it right back to him so it's good to see that
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree with him
I'm not surprised. Got a penalty in his first game
Although it was a boarding call but it looked like
I think it was Jadon he kind of totally
Turned into it and it wasn't I mean he didn't really board him that much
It was kind of a chintz call but
It's just funny 24 years ago watching
His dad break in and
shit, just to remind him how fucking old
we're getting. That's all right.
One little bummer
of the season starting is injuries
to the big stars.
The biggest one, and
of course, again, Sid's not
the most popular guy in Boston, but we
recognize him on the show because of who he is
and how much of a talent he is.
And it's awful to have him concussed again.
I'm in an office without him right now.
I'm working in an office chair probably making cold calls without Sid.
He's my number one.
Hi, this is Ryan.
Have you heard about investment opportunities?
Selling medical devices.
It sucks that he's concussed again.
Apparently it happened in practice.
People seem to miss it.
But again, you know, that's the funny thing about concussions,
especially when you've already had a couple, is it doesn't take a lot.
It can be just the wrong bump from the wrong angle, and boom, that's all it takes.
It just sucks for the league because after what he did with the Cup,
the way he played in the World Cup, I mean,
no matter how much you hate the Penguins or him or whatever,
you've got to love having him in the league.
And the league is poorer without Sid Crosby
in it. Same goes for Jack Eichel.
Last practice of the year,
freaking high ankle sprain. Not just
the whack on the ankle, but the high ankle
sprain. The thing that started the...
I mean, knock on wood,
this isn't going to happen to Eichel, but that was
what started everything for me with all my
ankle and foot surgeries.
It was a high ankle sprain.
It's better off to break it.
I know everyone's heard that.
It's impossible to come back from.
You feel great.
You're like, oh, I'm fine.
You go on the ice, you tweak it every five minutes.
Every single person who's ever had a high ankle sprain
and tried to skate, you don't feel right
for like eight, nine months.
They say the TT Fly is coming back this year.
Thanks, Debbie.
I'm telling you.
This kid's whole season will be affected from that injury.
I'm being a ball bust.
No, you are right.
That's why I prefaced it that way because High Echo Springs,
whatever sport.
They never did find the anthrax guy.
They say the Unabomber is still out there.
That's not really him.
But in terms of Sid, I feel really bad for him
because I think after going through what he did for a year and a half
pretty much before with the concussion issues,
to finally get back, and during that time,
it's the same with Patrice Bergeron who missed an entire year,
you wonder, will I ever get back to where I was?
And you finally do.
Both of them have.
Yeah.
They're both out to start the year.
One of those cities, that concussion is so scary.
It's terrible.
Because every time you get one, it's easier to get the next one.
Yep.
And all you can say is you hope he just takes his time.
Yeah, that's all.
You just, you know, you don't want to rush a guy back at all.
You hope it's on the lower end of the concussion scale.
Obviously, we don't know.
I mean, it could be.
But people say mild concussion.
Right.
If you ever read mild concussion, you start chirping the shit out of whoever wrote the article.
There's no such thing.
It's still a concussion, I know.
I mean, but I think what they mean are the varying degrees.
I mean, if he gets, you know, buried head into the boards, that's different than, you know, an inadvertent elbow.
That kind of makes him see stars, but technically is a concussion.
I understand that, you know, it's not mild because it's a brain injury,
but there are varying degrees of being concussed.
So, you know, we want to send out
I'd like to be the guy in the penguin, too,
if it was somebody who concussed him.
Like, you know, same thing with the guy who got tied up with Eichel
out in front of the net in the last friggin' practice of the year.
And, you know, he just, you know, while his fallback skate got caught in a rut.
And it just sucks because these are the guys that, you know, when we're not watching our teams, these are the guys who we do play.
And you did mention Bergeron.
He's another guy that's out.
I think he's a week or two.
Yeah, it sounds like short term.
The only concern I have with it, I've heard it's related
to his ankle. Again, I don't know 100 true,
but I guess he had a boot
on that ankle that he had a problem
with last year, which if you remember
you heard it, fighting Blake Will,
which is one of those, why we don't want
our good guys like that to fight.
We're worried about his head and his hands
and ironically he hurts his ankle because
you can't always predict you'll land it in a fight.
But whatever he did in the summer, he was fine because in the World Cup.
He was dominant, exactly.
And I guess one report said he aggravated it in a practice the other day.
So it does seem like a much smaller term injury than the other two guys.
But it does suck, you know, to have this talent not out there.
So we're certainly sending our thoughts out to Sid and Jack and Patrice
and any other guys.
Sending our thoughts out, guys.
And you're really sending yours out to Patrice.
Definitely out to Patrice.
There's little heart emojis flying across my living room right now.
He has a big picture of him behind him right now on the wall.
But it's a bummer to not have those guys.
But, you know, fortunately there is a ton of guys to pick up the slack.
Speaking of Bergeron, what do you think his squad?
I mean, he's going to be up short term.
So let's just assume.
People outside of Boston, Bruins owner, Charlie Jacobs.
Or was it Jeremy that said it the other day?
Jeremy doesn't say much anymore.
Yeah, I think it was Charlie.
Yeah, it was Charlie.
I'm sorry.
Who said that he not only thinks to make the playoffs,
but they're going to have a deep run.
Okay.
What do you think he's smoking?
Do you think he's getting that from a local guy?
Could we get in on that maybe?
Well, Jeff, vote in your ballot this November.
Recreational use in Massachusetts.
Yeah, break the nugs legal.
Make the nugs legal. Well, he's obviously on someational use in Massachusetts. Yeah, break the Nugs League. Make it.
Well, he's obviously on some, right?
Good?
Yeah, I know.
That's a team owner talk.
I don't know that they're primed for a run.
I did write my blog.
I do think they're going to get back to the playoffs.
You think they're in the playoffs?
I think they're a lower-run playoff team.
Yeah, I did.
It was that bad last year, and they still were only a point or two out.
I don't like that they didn't really fix anything.
I mean, they brought back Lyles, who's kind of a journeyman.
But he's a good skater.
He's stability.
He's veteran stability they didn't have early last year
where things would fall apart and snowball.
Yeah, people say he's 36 years old.
He can skate.
But if you can skate, the age doesn't really matter.
Right, right.
That's why a guy like Trevor Daly is going to play until he's 38, 39 years old.
Because you just have to be able to skate in this league.
So don't worry about the age when you move like you're 25.
Right.
The reason that I actually do believe they will make the playoffs is because the last two years,
they've had the worst record in the league in the last 12 games of the year.
Last year, they went 3-9.
The year before, I think it was worse, 2-10 maybe.
So either one of those years, they go 500, 6-6, they actually get in.
Right.
So you've got to think that if they play the same way over the season,
that that won't happen again to finish the season.
But finishing 8th and getting in, or finishing 9th and not getting in,
it's the worst possible thing that can happen. No, it sucks. but finishing eighth and getting in or finishing ninth and not getting in,
it's the worst possible thing that can happen.
No, it sucks. It happens over years and years, and you never get a high pick,
and then you do through a trade, and you fucking trade them to Dallas.
But it's just I don't know where they're headed.
I don't either, and it is frustrating as a fan.
But my thing is right now they're not a contender,
but they're much closer to being a contender than they are to a lottery team right now.
Yep, I completely agree.
And this is what I wrote in my blog.
It's coming out Thursday.
One thing watching Patrice and Marshawn in the World Cup was that these guys are so frigging good still.
Now they've got to come back to the Bruins.
And what's it good for?
I mean, we're wasting their prime years. I know, that these guys are so frigging good still. Now they've got to come back to the Bruins. What's it good for?
We're wasting their prime years.
I know.
That's what's so upsetting.
These guys, they won a cup.
They got to another final.
They should have probably been in two, three more finals maybe.
At least an Eastern Conference final.
But I don't think they're that far.
Put it this way.
When they had Dougie Hamilton a season and a half ago,
the thoughts were still of a Stanley Cup,
and not that he was the key to it, but it seemed like when he left,
it's like a lot of the talk sort of died down after that series of trades,
and it seemed like ineptitude coming from the front office.
I think if they made a couple moves,
they're not that far removed from contender status.
I mean, they have Tuca.
Yes, he's coming off probably his two worst seasons, even though he won 30 games. I think he's going to have a great year.
I think he's going to have a huge bounce back year.
I think Krejci finally got that fucking hip surgery
that he should have got before.
He wasn't the same player for the last year and a half.
He's healthy again.
And people have gotten on him.
He's a proud guy. I think we're going to see a better Krejci
this year. And I think Bacchus is going to bring
some accountability back to that room.
Louis Erickson was a good player,
but he wasn't getting in people's faces in that locker room.
Yeah, I understand.
I just don't know.
Would you rather?
I mean, Louis Erickson, maybe he wasn't the loudest guy
in terms of holding guys accountable, but 30 goals is 30 goals.
Do you think Bacchus can get 30?
I know he's starting the year as center
because Bergeron's out, but when he plays
alongside Krejci, absolutely.
25, 30.
I wouldn't have said that. I might not
have said it before last year, but like I said,
I watched him in the playoffs.
He's still a dynamic player out there.
He certainly was in the playoffs. I think he
definitely can score 25 to 30 goals
and replace Louie and, again, bring a little something to the locker room that,
not to pick on Louie, but like that.
I think that's probably been missing.
He's not picking on him.
It's just not his personality.
Yeah, and I think it's probably maybe some aspect of that has been missing
since maybe Sean Thornton left of, you know, not necessarily a big mouth,
but a little bit of a sheriff in the room,
but somebody who's not afraid to call anybody out at any time.
And, you know, once he gets comfortable here, he will.
But listen, though.
So if the Bruins were to go out and suck this year and finish, like, you know,
almost dead last in their division or, you know, third to last,
just have an awful year, I wouldn't be that surprised either.
Because you look at their last two years' signings.
They got Boleski and David Backus.
Right when we started this show today,
we're talking about how fast the league's become.
And they've gone in a way of signing this old kind of older style,
tough, hard to play against, not overly quick player
that really you don't see the elite guys playing like anymore.
LA has won two Cups playing that hard style.
I was just going to say, at the same time,
it was just two Cups ago the Kings won one playing that heavy play.
And I think that it gets in your head that you see the last Cup winner
in Pittsburgh and you think of speed.
And it's like, actually, somebody on NHL radio was saying recently
that whoever wins the Cup the year before was a coach
in the league. That's the team that
everyone wants to copy. So yeah, but
I just see the speed of the young guys
and you wonder, where does
the Bruins, you know, team speed come from?
Right. Signing Bacchus does not help
the team speed, but like I mentioned
in a prior podcast, they had to
sign somebody. They had to replace Louis.
And Bacchus was one of the better free agents available.
Yeah, he's not going to make you faster,
but he's going to make you maybe better in some ways.
He's going to, like I said, bring accountability.
He comes to play every night.
I think he's going to be a great bro.
He certainly brings a physical aspect.
Yeah, he'll be a fan favorite here.
But, yeah, it is interesting.
They could really go either way.
I actually wouldn't be surprised. I wrote that I think they'll be a fan favorite here. It is interesting. They could really go either way. I mean, they could...
I actually wouldn't be surprised. I wrote that I think
they'll be third in the Northeast.
Behind Tampa and
Florida? Probably Florida, yeah. I think
if Luongo can have another good
year for Florida. I think Florida's a good team. I think
Tampa's really good. Tampa's stacked.
I just, like I said, but
if it comes out the other way, if they shit the
bed and, you know, two defensemen, you know, Carlo and O'Gara, but if it comes out the other way, if they shit the bed and, you know, there's two defensemen,
you know, Carlo and O'Gara that jump,
throwing right into the lineup.
They actually had good preseasons.
They're pretty good prospects.
19 years old, Brandon Carlo?
I think so, yeah.
He's a big two-man.
So he's playing with Chara.
So this is where you need Chara to be playing good hockey.
When I was up at the World Cup, there's games when he looked great
and there's games he looked horrible.
So as this 8 million guy playing with a 19-year-old, he has to be good.
This is when you look at, all right, we need veteran leadership.
You need your veterans to play well.
The start of this Bruins year is going to show a lot
because if Char is playing like shit and Krug isn't playing well,
they're the guys paired with these young guys,
and they're going to need them to play good
and really kind of cover them up in a way.
No matter how good and skilled you are as a young defense,
and there's going to be times you really need to have a veteran partner.
I was lucky enough, I would play with Rob Scuderi, who's older than me,
and he just really kind of would cover up my mistakes,
especially a kid like Carlo who's going to be coming up in the rush. Once you get
a guy who's supposed to be covering
you up, it's supposed to be that rock on your pair,
you've got to
make sure he's playing
at an elite level. So I don't
know what Char has left, really.
He could have a great year, I wouldn't be surprised,
and he could be awful, I wouldn't be surprised. It's completely
a crapshoot right now. I thought he looked alright
in the World Cup. I mean, I was expecting him not to look that great based on, you know,
coming off the last season.
But, you know, he didn't.
I mean, he had, you know, one mistake.
He had two goals, I think.
Yeah, he had a big goal for Europe and won the last game.
I think it was the last game there.
But, yeah, he didn't look bad out there.
I mean, he wasn't playing top pair minutes.
I think Yossi and Seidenberg were playing more minutes than him,
so they didn't have to rely on him as much.
But yeah, there's definitely a bit of a question mark.
He's a year older, and
because we mentioned before, as a size,
he's a big guy. When he does make a mistake
out there, it tends to get magnified
because he's so big out there.
The other thing, too, I think we
could consider is
Jacob Trub is a guy out there who doesn't want
to play for Winnipeg anymore. He's become... What a weird situation. You know, Jacob Trub is a guy out there who doesn't want to play for Winnipeg anymore.
You know, he's become a third.
What a weird situation.
You know.
You see everyone got signed.
Kucherov got signed in Tampa for the year.
Goudreau got signed.
And this kid's now, I think he's 21.
He's still pretty young.
He's 20, 21, 22.
He's just not even playing hockey right now.
I can't.
First of all, he's probably miserable that he's not playing in around the boys in the locker room,
playing the game he loves.
And the team's like, what is going on?
We're missing one of our better defensemen.
They've got to figure that out.
He's got to either sign with them or they've got to trade him
because the longer this goes on, it just kills both of them.
It kills the team and it kills him.
Yeah, you know, he looked to be such a huge part of their, he's 22, huge part of their future.
I mean, he had that first season.
He was thumping everything out there.
You know, he's adding.
Yeah, he's an animal.
He's a more skilled, better offensively Zach Bogosian.
So for hockey fans out there, they know how strong and how well Bogosian skates in Buffalo.
He's like him, but he adds a little more offense.
But the GM of the Winnipeg Jets the other day said
he's still a big part of our future.
So it's like, I don't know if he doesn't
want to kind of admit to the fact
that this kid's not signing with him, or he's
just playing head games and
not giving leverage
up for trades, but it doesn't make
much sense for this kid to be sitting at home
that young. These are big years
to develop into the star defenseman
that you know you can be and everyone else
sees that you can be. But do they really want to
develop him in Winnipeg if they're putting him third in the
right-handed depth shot behind
Bufflin and Myers, who
basically remade his career in Winnipeg. I mean, Buffalo
was terrible and Tyler Myers looked
terrible with them, but they traded in Winnipeg
and he turned his career around. They re-signed him
and that kind of, I mean, if you're a true, but like, wait a minute, you draft me. The kid has a legit them, but they traded in Winnipeg and he turned his career around. They re-signed him. And that kind of, I mean, if you're a true, but like,
wait a minute, you draft me.
The kid has a legit beef.
If you're not,
if this guy tells you, listen,
we're not trading you. I don't care.
I won't have you all year. At some point
you're like, you got to talk to your agent.
And his agent has had
a lot of guys, a lot of clients sit
out. Tourist did it.
There's a couple others, mistaking my pathetic memory.
But you listen to your agent.
When I was coming up, your agent tells you something.
You've trusted your career into this guy's hands.
You just listen to him.
You believe that they know what's right.
And if you've got a guy telling you over and over, no, no, it's fine, it's fine, it's fine.
At some point, though, you've got to think, like, all right, I got to
is he really right?
Like, how do I know he's right in telling me to sit out?
I got to do what's best for me here.
Yeah, I need to figure out how to get back on the ice.
Because if you take a whole year off, it doesn't matter.
Yeah, if you're older, it's even worse.
But at a young age, it's like out of sight, out of mind, you know?
People start thinking, like, all right, well, where is he going to fit into our team?
He hasn't played in eight months.
Right.
So if the Bruins could ever try to get him,
I don't know what they would have to trade to get him,
but that's the type of guy they need to get on the back end.
Young, can move the puck, can skate.
And he'd be ostensibly a replacement for Dougie Hamilton,
who is going to be the next, you know, great Bruins,
young Bruins defenseman who
hasn't been doing a hell of a lot in Calgary either
since they got him. I mean, the
limited games I've seen of Calgary, he hasn't really...
I think this is a big year for him.
Yeah. If he doesn't show up, it's
smell you later. He's kind of like, you know,
I guess a fantasy fellow,
myself included, a lot of Bees fans. I mean,
you know, they do have some defensive prospects
they could certainly dangle.
You know, Ryan Spooner, he's opening the year on the wing
because kid Austin Zanuck kind of really come out,
I wouldn't say come out of nowhere, but he had a great camp.
He's very similar to Spooner, undersized, sentiment, likes to dish the puck.
I like Spooner's game.
I like Spooner, too.
You know, it doesn't sound like you do.
No, what I'm saying is that I think
if Zanuck, maybe more,
they might make him expendable,
or if they were to include him in a trade-off.
And I'm not starting a rumor. I don't know anything.
I'm just clarifying. I'm just saying...
If they see they have a player that's as good as Spooner,
if not better, all of a sudden you can start moving them.
I mean, the Bruins need a new number one stud
defenseman. That's what you need in addition to young speeds
is you need a number one big stud defenseman,
which Trouba should project out to be.
That's all.
I'd love to see the Bruins get him.
Just happened to mention that they do have prospects.
I think Spooner, I'm not advocating they trade him,
but he's a kid who's a natural center.
There's a million of them on the team,
so they got him on the wing.
I think if you saw Trouba come to Boston,
Spooner's in the deal.
Basically.
That's what I'm getting at.
And if you lose Spooner, what I'm saying is you have Austin Zanuck,
who essentially has the same skill set, an undersized guy who can pass the puck well.
So, you know, Zanuck may make him expendable in some other way.
Again, nuts not in a room with just a little wishful thinking here.
Yeah, you just want it.
You just want the Bs, man.
You just want them to be good.
Yeah.
I respect your fandom.
Yeah, like anyone.
We want our front office to do the best they can.
And Boston's just going to struggle.
Just show us something, front office.
Exactly.
We're frustrated.
We had a cup win and a cup final appearance two years later,
and we thought we were built for the future.
And unfortunately, they traded a key part away for basically pennies on the dollar now.
Yeah, not even like quarters.
Yeah, it's just been a
you know, it's the type of player that every team kind of wants and builds around,
and we had one, and we don't anymore.
We don't have really anything to show for them right now.
So it's frustrating to know we were at that level and we're not.
But, you know, like I said, I don't think, you know,
I think we're closer to getting back to that level than we are bottoming out.
But, yeah, we need the front office to make better decisions
and, you know, the team to play their potential.
So as far as the rest of the league, who do you
so, like, when you look at the winner or whoever leads the division,
you think Tampa will.
What do you think in the Metropolitan Division?
The Metropolitan.
Pittsburgh, you know, won the cup.
I think Washington can win the cup this year.
I don't see how they  people are like, they'll never get it done.
That makes no sense.
Yeah, that's what they say about teams until they win it, you know.
It was the same way Peyton Manning sucked in the playoffs
until finally one year he didn't suck.
Right, exactly.
There's so much talent.
Ovechkin's looking to become, I think right now he has 750 goal seasons.
The record's nine by Gretzky.
He'll get 50 again this year.
Yeah, he's probably, I mean, this last 20 years,
I mean, maybe not total.
I mean, I think it is total wise,
but he's definitely the best goal scorer
in the league in the last 50 years.
And then you see Kuznetsov making the turn.
I don't know, if you watch the World Cup
and you saw him last, it's 70, I think 72 points last year.
Young Russian stud.
You got Andrei Burakovsky.
A lot of people probably don't know that name. I think he's going to have a breakout year. Young Russian stud. You got Andre Burakovsky. A lot of people probably don't know that name.
I think he's going to have a breakout year.
He's kind of a sleeper pick of mine in Washington.
And to go along with the defense they got and Braden Holtby,
I don't  at some point they're going to get it done.
I think this is the year.
I really do.
I think St. Louis can get it done on the other side.
I think there's going to be some different teams.
But you need to see that the balance around the league is actually, like,
really coming full circle because there's some teams that are getting better
and better.
You know, it's not the same four teams every year.
You're going to see Florida be good.
You're going to see, like I said, St. Louis be good.
The California teams are all there.
So the parity is
perfect. The same
way the NFL sucks,
there's so many good teams.
The NFL is bad parity. The NHL is good parity.
There's parity in both. The NHL
is like a lot of
elite teams. The NFL is just a lot of horrible
teams. Exactly. That's a great point,
Ryan. Going back to
Washington, I think last year it's a common refrain to hear. And going back to Washington, I think last year, you know,
it's a common refrain here.
A team has to lose before they learn how to win.
And you see it a lot of times in hockey particularly.
A team will have a good run, they'll lose,
and then they'll win the Cup within a year or so after that.
Washington, I mean, if you're a Washington fan,
you're probably saying, yeah, how many times do we have to lose
before we get there?
But I'm speaking more of this current core with under
Barry Trotz, kind of under his regime.
I think there's a...
He kind of brought a new outlook to that
squad. He's an
underrated coach. He was at Nashville for so
long, you didn't really hear about him.
I think they'll definitely be there late.
They had problems scoring in the playoffs last
year. Their problems,
what they had, they're fixable.
I certainly expect them to be in the top four of the East come playoff time.
I'd like to see them get in there.
I mean, I don't have any particular affinity for the Capitals,
but I do like Barry Trotz.
And, you know, like I said, Ovechkin's one of the most.
I would like to see Ovechkin win a cup.
I'd love to see him.
I mean, how would you not want to see him,
the most prolific goal scorer of the last 15 years?
That nasty mug screaming, teeth gray everywhere.
It'd be great to have him.
Imagine the pictures of him partying after.
And he's got a little bit of a monkey on his back, too, in the playoffs.
He's never been able to get over the hump.
I mean, I think they've gotten to, what, one conference final with him?
I may be mistaken.
But they definitely have been to a cup with him.
And, you know, it's something, as a fan of the sport,
I love to see Ovechkin on the world's biggest stage.
But, again, like Ryan just said, the parity in the league, it's great.
There were just so many teams you don't, you know,
like think, for example, San Jose last year.
I think before the playoffs, I mean, before the season.
I didn't even think they were that good.
Exactly. I don't think people thought they were I mean, before the season. Going into the year, I didn't even think they were that good. Exactly.
I don't think people thought they were maybe even a playoff team.
I mean, they had Martin Jones was a great prospect.
They signed him to a pretty decent money for a guy who, you know,
hadn't completely proven himself on the NHL level.
And, you know, he ended up being the key to this season.
They ended up going to the sixth game of the Stanley Cup they got as far as.
And that's a team that some people didn't have going to the playoffs.
So you wonder what team that's going to be this year.
Is it going to be my team?
Is it going to be your team or whatever team you're rooting for?
And it seems like every year there's a squad or two that comes out of nowhere.
I don't know who it's going to be this year.
Neither do I.
I really wish I did so I could make a ton of money gambling on them.
God, you scroll through.
And then, well, you know, someone like Montreal, I mean,
a 22-1 to win the Cup, you know, they're getting Carey Price back.
And, you know, he's going to
How good is Andrew Shaw and Brad Marchand going to be all year?
Oh, that's something.
That's going to be
Just two little guys, rats, great hockey players.
They're both going to completely stir the shit the entire game
every time they play each other.
Montreal's improved.
The fact that you're just getting Price back.
They could have kept the same roster and got Price back,
and they're much better, let alone get Weber.
Yeah, you lose Saban, but Weber's going to change that D.
Shaw's a big signing.
I'm going to set the over on the Bruins play the Canadians four times, I think.
Yeah.
No, six.
I think in the division you play three home three on the road.
They've changed it so fucking many times, man.
I know.
When I was playing in the old
Pittsburgh, we played the Islanders like 15 times.
Yeah.
I'd say put the over on the three and a half
times that Marshawn and Shaw Will fight each other this year
Or if not fight
Fishhook
Facewash
Dirty Sanchez
Cleveland Steen
Oh wait I'm sorry wrong podcast
Sorry about that guys
I'm looking forward to that every year
I'm looking at your computer screen
Although I did include the Vine in my blog today.
Conversely, I do have this nightmare that this is how the season's going to go.
And it was Bruins' preseason game in Montreal where Jarrah threw a breakout pass,
gets picked off of the blue line.
Guy waltzes in.
What a goal by that kid.
And, you know, McQuaid's face down, sprawled out like, you know,
throwing the snow angel.
Chara's falling.
He fakes, raps farther left, cuts back to the right and scores.
And I'm like, oh, God.
I was like, if this is a regular season game, you'll just.
If that vine becomes a metaphor for the Bruins season,
then thank God I didn't freaking renew my tickets.
I'm putting a camera down in your man cave.
You won't even know it's there just to watch you react to Bruins turnovers
and lost
games. Nanny cam. Nanny cam.
Yeah, it's fun,
man. Honestly, I'm just happy to be
back watching hockey again.
I am too. And I couldn't believe last night
I was sitting around, I'm like, it doesn't
feel that long ago that the Cup Finals
were on. That was pretty quick.
Right. Not the Cup, but since
I mean, it felt like the Bruins had been over since.
I felt like I saw the Patriots
like, obviously, the Patriots
this season, but the layoff felt like
that long. I mean, it was like no playoffs.
When you don't make the playoffs, it's way longer.
It's forever. But hey, at least the team's
fresh coming on October.
Holy shit. That's a good one.
Put some serious spin on it.
When that's your spin zone.
We're recording this on it. When that's your spin zone. So, yeah, they opened.
Well, we're recording this on Thursday.
We'll be making our debut on the stool popping Friday.
But the Bruins will have already played their first game in Columbus last night.
I think they lose that game.
Are we doing a retro podcast or is that your opinion?
I think they lost that game.
Oh, 1.21 gigawatts Ryan Ball.
I think Columbus is going to come off flying.
They don't have Bergeron.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm not going to bet.
It's one of those games I'm not going to bet.
I mean, you know, Tortorella team.
Tortorella, yeah.
They're going to be pissed off. Losing money and then losing because of him.
Yeah.
Even worse.
You know, they're going to be pissed off either way.
You just don't know if it's going to be a good pissed off or a bad pissed off.
But, yeah, like I said, I'm expecting a better Rask this year.
I think he got maybe a little unfairly blamed.
His 5-on-5 numbers are still pretty good.
But, you know, when your defense is collapsing like a cheap tent in front of you every game.
When you have a defense that just stinks in front of you,
how are you supposed to look good as a goalie?
It's like put Carey Price there.
He wouldn't look good either.
Right.
You're going to get hung out the dry.
And, of course, like any guy, your confidence is going to suffer too.
And, you know, then you're going to start making your own mistakes.
Either way, it's great to have hockey back.
And you feel like any cup predictions?
I feel like we do these about 17 times a year,
and we name 16 different teams.
Yeah, I'm going with Washington.
I think they're going to get it done.
I mean, I'll probably change it.
What were the preseason odds?
I'll definitely change it.
I didn't even look.
Hold on.
I may know a gaming site off the top of my head.
Do you know a place to look at odds?
I heard of a place or two.
I maybe could try a Google search.
I bet the Red Sox went to the game three.
It was great to see Poppy's last game.
But they didn't win one game.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah.
Expensive.
Brutal.
Brutal that they.
I'm a full-blown Cubs bandwagon now.
Oh, where's my hat?
I know that's not saying much, but they're going to play Toronto,
and that's going to be the USA versus Canada matchup we'd hope for in the World Cup.
It's going to be the entire United States rooting for the Cubs against the Blue Jays.
Wow, I didn't even consider the international ramifications of the World Series this year.
And I was shocked working up in Toronto during the World Cup.
The Jays are huge.
Yeah, they are pretty big up there.
Huge.
Yeah, huge.
They're pretty big.
The organization has done things around here.
Yeah, you know, the Jays are straight and small ball.
Hey, get a couple of Timbits down here.
You know, the beers have a little more alcohol in them up here, don't you know?
Hey, did anybody hit a moose on the road last night?
I can't, but it's
countrywide.
They're the national team.
They're literally their only baseball team
since the Expos.
All I know is I have trouble with Canadian people
and they call the catcher
in baseball the back catcher.
That's when I was just
like, wait, what? You call him the back catcher? That's when I was just like, wait, what?
You call him the back catcher?
That's when I know I'm a Cubs guy.
Washington,
per one site, which I'll remain unnamed.
Oh, the Washington.
Washington Capitals. They're actually the chalk.
They're 6-1 to win the Cup.
I would take the chalk.
You would take the fucking chalk.
I think he did last year, too.
I think, oh, I wanted to mention.
Mention?
Gamblers.
First couple weeks of hockey over City.
Oh, God.
Last night, I think of the four games, all three of them went over.
No.
Chicago St. Louis didn't.
Two of the four did.
Oh, so 50.
Yeah.
You were the close.
So you would have lost, you know, Viggs.
But otherwise, it's fucking fire away. But losing to Viggs is a win. Yeah, you were the close. So you would have lost, you know, Viggs. But otherwise,
it's fucking fire away. Losing to Viggs is a win.
Yeah, it's like that. No, but I do agree with you. I mean, certainly, look
who's playing goalie. And I mean, well, Brian
Elliott's first game in Calgary.
Tough one. Yeah, actually, for Calgary, he couldn't
have gone anywhere. It's like six goals he gave
up.
So is it Toronto Auto?
Seven goals in that game. Yeah, Definitely a lot of teams who haven't worked
things out, especially if the goaltenders
aren't ready to go. Fire away
on some of those overs.
Over City tonight.
Anaheim-Dallas.
Over City.
This is going to be Polaroid Friday.
Friday, when you're listening,
Anaheim-Dallas is probably going to be a 6-3 final.
Let's see.
Yeah, 5-1.
And that's the thing, too.
It's early in the season where they're all, wow,
there's a lot of 5s out there, 5-12.
So, I mean, you know, there's every night.
I mean, like I say, every night when you look at the board,
there are winners.
There are overrun the winners.
There are puck line winners.
And, again, the alternate puck line is a way to make money.
If you like a team on the road, you know, to win the game, instead of the money line, the alternate puck line is a way to make money. If you like a team on the road to win the game, instead of the money line,
take the puck line.
Lay the goal in half.
So, like tonight, for example, Washington, they're at Pittsburgh.
No Crosby.
You could take Washington straight up, 100 to make 100.
Or you could say, screw it.
I like them to win by another goal, an extra goal.
And they're plus 235.
I mean, that's a dollar 35 back for the same investment.
I think I just talked myself into betting the Capitals tonight, Ryan.
On an alternate puck line.
Yeah.
The only thing is about that, you're always, I'm screaming,
waiting for the empty netter.
Yeah.
And I never get the empty netter.
You live by it, you die by it.
Yeah, but I die by it.
Oh, that's the thing about the puck line.
Empty netters are just.
Did you see last night the empty netter that Chicago got?
I mean, Chicago put their own net.
Oh, yeah, right.
If you had St. Louis last night.
Well, if you had Chicago, you already lost that bet.
But if you had St. Louis, it's huge because, you know,
when they pull the goal, you're either going to,
good chance you're either going to hit the puck line
or they're going to tie the game, and now you're totally screwed.
But the one good thing about losing the puck line
and silver lining the journey gamblers
is that you don't lose the fig.
So if a team loses
outright then I always say, well shit, at least I had them
on the puck line and I didn't lay a 170 on them
because I would have lost 170 and they lost the game
outright. Whereas the puck line, you're only
going to lose 100 if you put them 100.
So yeah. What's your pick?
Well, it's funny you should ask.
I actually, I like the Blackhawks at 8-1.
You know, it's not that.
Their bottom six forwards is going to be the death of them.
I love my boy Chief, but at the same time, I'm not going to,
I don't pick his team because I don't want to give him that satisfaction.
But I looked at the odds and 8-1 jumped out at me.
It just seemed for a team that's won
three cups in the last
six, seven years, I don't know.
They seem like pretty good odds, so I
threw one Chicago. And Spin Zone, they
rested because they didn't go to the finals.
Yep, Spin Zone, they're definitely
the T-Guard.
They lost in that legendary game seven with St. Louis.
Yeah, a phenomenal game.
I mean, they're going to be hungry.
They're not bringing back the same team. Obviously, the salary
cap has been chomping away at them.
Yeah, I threw some money on Chicago.
Again, it's gambling. It's not rooting.
They're two different things. I think people should be aware of that.
Gambling's so fun. Gambling, if you're
smart gamblers, remove emotion from gambling.
It's okay to have it once in a while, but
don't be hot. Yeah, that's my downfall.
Me hammering the Red Sox, the Red Sox minus one and a half,
and then the over on game three.
That's a little  that's being a little too passionate.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, Pappy's last game, you get caught up in the motions and all that shit.
I waited.
I waited for him to walk out pretty much near tears.
Yeah.
And people next to me were grown men were crying.
That guy, for me at least, like right when I got to college, the Red Sox, they became
good.
He came.
I'll never forget what he did for like myself, diehard Red Sox fan.
He's the biggest legend of all time for me.
Yeah, absolutely.
Him and Tom Brady.
And actually watching like the last game, I was like,
Jesus, my retirement in Sweden when I was minus four
and just retired right after the game was a little different than this.
He singly turned Red Sox fans into lovable losers to arrogant blowhards.
And that's a pretty big accomplishment.
I'm more comfortable being an arrogant blowhard.
Obviously, I'm having poking fun at our city.
But, yeah, I mean, it is incredible what he's done.
Three frigging titles.
I mean, this place.
I mean, if you were a Red Sox fan before 2004, it's been beat to death.
But, I mean, you were Scott if you were of a certain age.
And you knew you were Joe.
You know, 66, 75, 78, 86.
All those years that just ingrained in your head.
And then to win three of them.
He changed, single-handedly changed the trajectory of the Red Sox
and the franchise and, of course, the city because, you know.
When Brady retires, I'm going to, I'll be crying.
Dude, the only, you know what, I, you know, it's not like.
You're shaking over here.
It's like, you know what, Brady's done so good.
You know what, the only time that I really, that I watched from any player
where I think I genuinely had tears in my eyes,
it was Neely's, and it was because it was what we,
the potential that was lost.
You know what I'm saying?
That type thing.
It was sad.
It was sad to watch him up there, like, just so upset
because he was trying and fighting so hard
and putting his body through so much to keep playing this game he loved.
And to see him in pain, it killed you as a fan.
Whereas when guys, you know, go out on top or go out in a blaze of glory,
it's more of a celebration almost.
It's like, yeah, it sucks you're going, but hey, man,
thanks for the memories.
All famison, man.
You know, I mean, I get a little wistful, but, you know,
sad was when Neely retired.
Yeah, there's a difference.
Yeah, and I will, as opposed to when, well, whatever.
We'll wait for the Bruins
To start off
Before we start picking
On the front office
So first episode
But anyways look
I'm gonna wrap it up here
First episode on Bastl
I hope everybody enjoyed it
Again
Log in
On you
iTunes
Subscribe
Give us reviews
If you hate my accent
Tell me
It's not gonna change
But you can still let us know
Any other He's lying He's going to He's going to change, but you can still let us know.
He's lying.
He's going to acting class to try to get rid of it.
Welcome to Spitting Chicklets this week with Ryan Whitney and myself, the Rear Admiral.
Hey, Rear Admiral.
Yeah, if I start pronouncing my As.
By the way, every time I go to text you, I write Rear, and then I remember your fucking name is in my phone as your real name.
I'm changing your name in my phone to Rear.
Do you mind?
No, I wouldn't be the first.
Rear Admiral.
Yeah, so it's been a blast.
First episode.
And Go Cubs.
Go Cubs.
Shout out to Big Cat.
We're fired up to be in the same podcast network as those guys for sure.
And I hope everybody enjoyed it. And send me tips, maybe some NFL picks, I wouldn't mind.
Some questions for the podcast and NFL picks that you like.
Yeah, we'll actually, you know, follow.
Whip my beak?
Yeah.
Whip my beak a little, Ryan.
I come to you with my hand.
You look like him, too.
I'm looking for winners.
You give me Hartford.
You give me Carolina.
You give me the shit teams.
You give me San Francisco.
You give me San Francisco.
Actually, San Fran getting seven and a half in Buffalo with Colin Kaepernick
and the thing.
Fuck Colin Kaepernick.
I was expecting that.
Anyways, listen, give us a shout out.
We're going to start taking questions
with the hashtag
follow us on Twitter at
RyanWhitney6 at Rear at B's Blog.
We're going to be listening every Friday.
We're going to have an episode dropping on Bosco, on iTunes.
So, again, subscribe.
Thank you for listening.
Chime in on Twitter.
Leave us comments, whatever.
We definitely want to have a lot of listeners.
We want to take this podcast to a higher level than it's at.
So, everybody have a great weekend.
Go Cubbies and slash play us out.
Peace out. So. I want to hear you scream.
