Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
And here we go. Let's go. It's been a while. Episode four, Chicklets Game Notes,
back rolling again. We've got Merle's, we've got G. It's been a month since we last met.
Lots has happened in hockey.
Lots has happened with you guys.
I'm probably not going to lie.
I heard the boys talking on the pod,
like it took them forever to recover from Boston.
Like I'm probably still not fully recovered.
Merle's, I don't know.
Are you?
You had the hardest travel ever.
What's up with
you right now merles good to be back good to see you studio's looking sick by the way no thank you
i'm i'm ready i'm i'm fully recovered i've been back in sweden 20 days i've kept a count i've had
four beers and five glasses of red wine the entire time. I joined a gym. I've been on the treadmill.
I think I'm down 10, 12 pounds already.
I saw a number in Boston at that hotel.
If somebody can go to Intercontinental and find out if that scale was right,
it was a number I should never see when I stand on it.
It threw me into a panic.
I've been clean living since, and i'm ready for florida as you see
i'm already i'm in my bathing suit recording the short sleeve shirt and i leave i leave on uh on
wednesday and well i guess it's coming out thursday so i don't know if this is going to make any sense
but i'm ready for florida besides no tan merles i gotta say that's tough to hear this episode four
is is uh a presenting sponsor is big deal brew so you know
big deal brewing and you're only nursing a couple drinks here and there uh i see the box up behind
you you're probably low you probably got to get a care package to bring back am i right correct i'm
bringing an extra carry-on bag that i'm going to load up with uh big deal brew and pink whitney
and shove it under the plane home and and sneak it back into the country.
Cause I've had to use them for rally beers.
It's unreal how the big deal brew works for rallying.
My team's down slam one.
Boom.
They score.
Well, me and Merle's G me and Merle's been texting.
Like we've been rolling, we'll get into in the pod,
but like we've been talking lots about the jets and like even some of these
other, you know know things that merles
has going on he's posting content riding a gt snow racer which i love that that brings me back
to my childhood didn't brett hall have a gt snow racer that came out back in the day it was sick
when i was a kid he was on the box anyway um but like we were we were hard on the jets and he
couldn't even do rally he couldn't even do rally. He couldn't even do rally beer. Cause he's like saving rally beers, uh,
through the month because the bills were playing now,
then they were out and you know, of course, but he's, he's,
he's running low old Merle's hurting with the bills. Um,
but gee, you've got to hook them up. What have you been up to?
I know you're this week's crazy for you. G crazy.
Fill us in. It's been a crazy week.
I actually have still haven't slept last night from editing the pod,
so it's been a long night, but I'm ready to go.
I'm ready for Fort Lauderdale, celebrating the big 3-0 boys
when we get down there, turning 30 this weekend,
so I'm excited for that.
It's ironic how my birthday always lines up with the NHL All-Star game.
Last year it was in Vegas.
This year it's in Lickerdale.
Wow. Sucks for me, but, This year it's in Lickerdale. Wow.
Sucks for me.
But, yeah, I'm excited to see you guys.
There's no place I'd rather be than Lauderdale NHL All-Star game
with my boys for the 30th birthday.
Yeah, well, I had the big 4-0 at the start of the year, November.
Kind of celebrated early when you guys were in town
with the whole becoming an American citizen,
if you guys remember that big gong show that we had,
which was absolutely awesome.
Like this year has been a whirlwind for me too, G.
So 3-0 is a big number, bud.
And then Witt's right after me.
And then I think Witt's like 13 days after me almost.
And he turns to big 4-0.
So he's joining the club, big 4-0.
Merles, where are you at right now?
What are you, 43?
We don't need to discuss that,
but I celebrated my 40th down in Fort Lauderdale,
and I had a time down there.
It was my 40th.
I had retired from hockey.
I was getting married.
I was having a kid.
So I blew it out for six or seven days down there,
and I haven't been back since, so I'm pretty excited for this trip.
Well, speaking of birthdays, yeah, that'll be good.
It'll be good to be with all the boys.
Good, you know, like it's awesome.
Gee, you got to really just get, you know, Merle's,
I know you pour the Pink Whitney nips to them, right?
You're just going to be throwing them out of your little kangaroo pouch.
That's the king of Pink Whitney nips right there is the Merman.
Once we get through all these interviews and sandbaggers,
you can pour as many Pink Whitney nips down my throat as you want
and Big Deal Brews.
Yeah, you're going to have to have a blowout.
That's the big thing.
When you work that hard, you've got to have a massive blowout,
gong show with the boys.
By the way, awesome interviews lined up while you guys are there.
I'm so looking forward to it.
Awesome players, great guys.
You guys have lined up a star-studded thing.
I'm going to be going to
mark recce's birthday mark recce of course came to our live show in pittsburgh the hall of famer
he turns 55 55 stay alive of course the speed limit uh um you know when you're riding the bus
when the bus he's going a little slomer which is a great on the right bussy yeah gas is on the right
bussy when you're riding the bus and you're going 55, stay alive.
There's nothing worse than extending a trip like that.
But I got that coming up in the next week, boys.
And I know I want to get into this with you guys, especially Merle's.
Merle's, talk to me, bud.
Talk to me.
Quebec TV tournament next week.
We're leaving on Wednesday, and I'm so looking forward to this.
I need a full what to do
everyone's going to be listening to this everyone listens i get yelled at at every game i'm working
the post game show for the pens i'm on the concourse pretty much people are yelling game
notes yeah yeah it's just crazy insanity so merles hit us up with all all these like you know crazy
horny for hockey youth hockey hockey
parents what are we going to do so the people that don't know this is the quebec peewee tournament
you've heard whitney had one has won it it's uh it's over 100 teams they all go up to quebec from
all over the world um you play in the in the coliseum well when i played it was the coliseum
the nordiques rank now i think the rem parts like Like the Videotron Center, Merle's.
NHL-sized rink.
You'll have sellout crowds.
They have their own song.
Like, Army, by the end of this week, you'll be singing it for the next month.
Pee-wee, pee-wee, pee-wee, pee-wee, pee-wee.
Viva, pee-wee, pee-wee, carnival.
And they play it every game.
Oh, you're going to keep going.
That's sick.
I can't.
Maybe we can add it in there after the real version.
But I had a little cassette tape we bought at the gift shop after
and we went there.
We had hockey cards.
You would trade the hockey cards underneath in the bowels of the rink
with the other team.
I tried to sell one of my buddies, McMoneagle, his card for five bucks
because I wanted to buy another poutine.
He turned me down.
It's an amazing time.
I'm going to put a blog together for the parents guide for this because there's so much you need to know.
So are we saving it for the blog or are you going to give me like one thing I need to do as a dad?
Yeah, like give me one cool thing.
All right.
Yeah, the very first thing you need to do, boom, you check into the hotel.
You get out in the downtown because your kid's going to bill it, right?
Yep.
Okay, so you get right out into the town in the old town.
They sell these walking sticks because it's all snow and ice and ice sculptures.
But there's a little trick.
There's a little snowman head on the top, Bonahome or something his name is.
Bonhomme.
Bonhomme.
So you unscrew the
head and it's empty and you go around and they fill it up with like hot wine it's like a it's
like a mix of hot wine and booze called caribou so you put that in and you're walking around you're
sipping on that you finish it you get to the next spot fill it up again and you just cruise around
town all night baby what an actual parent hack right there.
That is the first thing I'm doing.
I mean, it's incredible.
Let me see if I got a picture.
Just caning around.
Didn't RA have a cane for a while?
We're just caning around, sipping out of a cane.
You can see it on here.
Those guys from Dumb and Dumber.
You can see it on there.
It's this guy, and you unscrew the top.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
My dad still has his in the basement back home in Troy.
You are going to have a blast blast it's the best time it's gonna be your kid's best time of his life it's gonna be your best tournament year bendu you're gonna have a blast so so let me ask you
guys this let me ask you guys this thank you uh merles for you know that's probably the biggest
hack right off the bat that you've got to do can you imagine seeing like you know
20 hockey dads just all walking with canes like what's going on here yeah that's everyone
yeah leave it to the pros barmy what are you looking forward to most well i gotta ask you
this i'm looking forward to the carnival is that what you call it merles the carnival yeah that's
what like the tournament's kind of yeah it's it's like based all around that with the sculptures
and all there's a ton of events going on the peewee tournament just one small event of it yeah the hockey will be cool for the experience
for my kid and and you know i'm going to be down there with my wife and our other kids and um i'm
looking forward though g to to doing some kind of carnival events like i think they have um you can
do uh what's it called the dogding. They have like dog sledding.
They have all these different things you can do, believe it or not,
being from Saskatchewan shout out Sasky, look at me riding it,
holding the flag shout out to Sasky, the good people of Sasky.
I've never snowmobiled before and I would love to snowmobile.
I just never got a chance to do it. Never had a snowmobile.
Didn't partake in any real winter sports other than hockey growing
up as a kid so that's something i'm looking forward to like the kind of stuff away from
hockey and the carnival stuff and the stuff you can do uh while you're there i got a question for
you guys though too we have to take the bus ride from pittsburgh to quebec city which is like i
think it's a 16 hour bus trip we leave at night next week and we arrive in the morning.
We go right through the night.
Now there's a rule on this thing, I guess,
from the team is like no booze on the bus or something.
I don't know.
I don't get it.
Like I'm breaking this rule, right?
You got to break this rule.
No question about it.
You got to break this rule.
There's no chance I'm not going to be boozing on this thing.
You remember how stupid we were on the buses in pro?
We would sit in the back, and we'd all start coughing to crack the beer.
Think we're going to hide it from this coach.
Every coach played pro hockey.
They're not idiots, but at the time, you think you're being so smart.
That's so true.
I don't know if they do that anymore.
Are there beers on the bus anymore, Merles?
I have a hard feeling thinking this.
No chance.
Green smoothies.
When you're interviewing guys in Florida,
gee, just throw that in there, just like a quick little,
hey, is there beers on the bus post-game anymore?
Biz has been asking questions like that, I feel like,
for years to guys, and it's just everyone says no.
I feel like that generation died with you guys.
Yeah, because it's a short trip to the airport postgame.
You're just going from the bus to the airport.
It's like everyone gets one beer.
It's not like crazy.
And it was kind of a cool tradition set up.
They set it up.
The trainers get to go on the visiting team.
The home team trainers hook up the visiting team on the bus.
It used to be kind of thing.
But I think that's gone.
But this bus ride is is going to be i might
have to go buy one of those canes you can like twist the top off of it for the bus ride like
why is army got a cane on the bus you know you got to come up with some kind of move yeah fill
it with big deal brew fill it with those bad boys all right boys uh i love it great catching up
episode four um you know we sit patiently and wait for this like every month i get like anxiety Those bad boys. All right, boys. I love it. Great catching up. Episode four.
You know, we sit patiently and wait for this like every month.
I get like anxiety leading up to it just because there's such a gap.
Gee, Merle's.
I don't know.
How do you guys?
Gee, you're a pro at this.
This is your life.
Me and Merle's are like just doing dad stuff, like trying to survive.
And then all of a sudden it's like, boom, we got to, you know, fill this all in.
So, I mean, as we learned last week, though though being a dad is more than a full-time job you're catching puke with
your hands and shit i mean you guys if you guys had any dad stories that have happened recently
before we jump in here i've been doing all like fun stuff it's been fun like uh going sleigh riding
here and it's actually good for the workout it's a little extra workout dragging her up and down the hill so it's uh it's been all fun here with the snow having the snow is is great to go
outside build snowmen snow forts i'm loving it right now merles is like a kid again like just
a kid again i love it merles you're just a kid at heart just a legend that's why everyone loves you
that's why you're always around that's why you're the guy that we have to have you're like the manager EBR master you've got like people just like following your every move just a
god just content on a GT snow racer um and and you know what guys I gotta say this I gotta start
working out I know Merle's is saying he's building forks he's doing workouts he's not drinking as
much he's being a beauty I heard on the pod that was just released this week as well.
Biz is in full workout mode, feeling great, clear positivity.
G, you were getting ripped on a little bit. Yeah, yeah.
I think, boys, I think the day has finally come.
And for the first time since high school hockey,
I am going to hire a trainer.
I think the day has finally come.
So if you're a trainer in the Hoboken, New Jersey area,
which I think I might be moving to soon,
Barstool Sportsbook, Merle.
Oh, that's big news.
That's big news.
And yeah, if you're a trainer, let me know
because I was watching the video the other day
of the vlog from the Boston,
and I have no jawline.
If you look.
Tell me about it.
I used to have like a chin.
It just goes neck right up to my cheek now.
It's terrible.
Buddy, my neck is the same size as my head right now.
Like a boa constrictor couldn't even choke my neck out.
I just like slide out of it.
It would just go right up.
I have no chin, just like schlank.
You can't even put me in a headlock right now.
I just pop out of it.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable setup. I think you're right right i'll put out the call to anyone in in upper pittsburgh area wexford cranberry area if you're a personal trainer and you can help me out i need
a support team i need help i need motivation i'm the same as ug i'm struggling for that i can't
bring myself to go play beer league at 11 o'clock at night. I can't bring myself to hit the gym.
I got other guys that are like, come with me at 5 a.m.
I'm like, I'm not doing that.
I just can't get myself to do it.
And I need someone who's going to go above and beyond too.
Like I need the nutritionist.
It can't just be taking me to the gym for 45 minutes three times a week.
I need someone who's grilling me about my food.
Yeah, I need a life coach.
That's what I need.
We need life coaches. I do. I need. We need life coaches.
I do.
I'm not committed like Busy Boy.
I'm not committed like Busy's like,
oh, I'm hiking.
I got this regimen.
I'm doing all this every day.
I'm like, God, I just like,
I got a lot of time in my day.
I just can't bring myself to fully do it.
I need like a crew.
I need a life coach here, right, G?
So we're talking about the pod.
We're talking about life choices, which brings us to our first segment of the show great introductions of the boys
chiclets chirps uh where we kind of look back at this month and some of the trends some of the
things you boys are talking about which was workouts which we just did um and and and get
into a bit and maybe some hot takes merles you got anything that you that you picked up on this
uh past month with the boys?
Yeah, it wasn't so much on the chicklets, but it was biz on TNT.
And he was trying to pronounce Vecchio, your old team in Sweden.
Vecchio.
Vecchio.
Which is what Henrik said.
And Henrik helped him out.
But it wasn't about that.
Their first place in the whole league, since he did that clip, they're 0-2,
and they've scored one goal.
He completely mushed them like he does every NHL team.
Now he's mushing the SHL teams.
This is another level of mushness by the biz. So I'm going to ask him not to talk about them anymore
because I kind of like that team.
But I thought that was pretty funny that they're playing tonight,
so we'll see if they can break the biz curse.
Why is he touching?
Why is he going into the SHL ranks?
Why is he?
It was like, why would he go into your territory?
Mer you've built a complete wall around that area.
You're the SHL God.
You're the legend.
Get off my cool.
Yeah.
Get off his glug.
Well, I thought I, I, I found it interesting and that's so funny i mean that either happens like
you guys talk about something chicklets bump or you talk about something and it seems to just go
the other way in this case with with busy boy it went the other way i i find it super intriguing
um wit who's been absolutely on fire i feel guys and um you know you can tell me this you guys know
him so well like merles you guys are
best buddies g are with him all the time see him every week like he he has to get his golf fix he
has to travel he's got he he's absolute and remember back to when he went after canada
at the airport at pearson airport in toronto worst airport ever worst place ever and he's just a terror on the airlines he is an absolute terror like no airline
is safe with him on it uh i think he likes delta i think i get a i get a vibe that he's really in
the delta but they're not even safe like they better not even fuck up they're going down
whit will get them a lot of wood to chop around the airline industry with with wit and he's like
get he got got a guy almost like
kicked off a flight by sneaking him booze like he is absolutely the terror of the airlines he's all
over the place any airline he flew spirit which is like you know like the bottom of the barrel
grinder it's like an old military plane seating and just like anything can happen on that thing
and then you got wit flying spirit that's a combination we just have to see.
But there's going to be a massive, you know, thing with wit
when he gets caught on a Spirit Airlines flight
with the way he's operating with these airlines.
Like he doesn't take any shit.
Hey, wit's a savage.
I can't wait.
You know something's going to happen this month.
He's buzzing down to Florida, back home then out to arizona back home so you know some that's just too much time in the
air for something not to happen to the wit yeah in the airport too long and i kind of feel like
too like when there's lineups and stuff like this is like hilarious with wit he treats like the
airports like he's standing in line at like cowboys at the stampede, trying to get into the bar.
Like it'll give you a hundred bucks.
If I can,
like,
he's just throwing money.
He's throwing money at like TSA agents.
He's throwing money at the workers.
That's wit anywhere he goes.
He's throwing money.
If he's at the movie theater and there's a line for popcorn,
he's going to throw an extra 20 to cut the line.
That's,
that's just wit.
So you do,
you hundo people i taught
him that in vegas his first ever trip to vegas after rookie year i'm like dude just give the
guy a hundo he's like what do you mean i'm like just give him a hundo he'll get us all in he'll
take care of us all night hundo everybody oh my god that's so with the hundo what do you call it
he was ordering power aids or i guess body arm but they didn't have body armor back then but
he's ordering them up to the room and just handing guys hundos like here.
Thanks for the power aid.
Just hundoing everybody.
It was unbelievable.
Just sliding hundos.
I slipped a few hundos back in the day at the stampede to get in.
You know, you get the back line, you got your NHL card.
Remember those NHL cards you used to have?
You used to show those puppies, but I still had to pay to get in just because.
But I got to the front of the line with the card.
Then I paid the guy to get like 10 people in and that's the ultimate move so i i find it hilarious that you know wits doing that the air trying to trying to grease the palms at the
airport too which is absolutely epic and another thing i are you guys find it amazing i'm not a
huge car guy i know busy went off on on this car show gee what was that car show called i've seen
a jackson barrett jackson barrett jackson car show. Gee, what was that car show called? I've seen it. Jackson.
Barrett Jackson.
Barrett Jackson car show.
I've watched it on TV.
It's wild.
Some really nice cars and stuff.
It's like an auction.
So, Busy went to it.
But did he say his dream car is like a Bronco?
Or is it like a Jeep?
Something he would want to get or something.
Yeah, I think he said something along the lines of a car he would love to buy is a bronco one of those new broncos i think or the new one no no the old bronco the old one yeah like all done up vintagey yeah without a roof on it like we saw an entourage
remember that one he was rolling in that was like when it went big that's when it popped off that
entourage thing mer speaking of that what i was going to say is that i was shocked that ra
and biz didn't know who the micro machine man was the guy you remember them army or no i know what
micro machines are i collected remember the guy that commercially was talking like get this micro
machine like i can't even do it how quick he was i don't remember that at all though no oh yeah he
was whit remembered i was right down our era so i was I was shocked when those guys didn't know that. But that's a fun Google, YouTube, that is commercials.
Micro Machines.
Micro Machines, the fast talker.
And then, of course, hit us up with this, G2,
because we watched this, which is absolutely cool.
Wait, here we go.
Here we go.
Okay, here's the commercial.
This is the Micro Machine Man presenting the most midget,
miniature, motorcade of Micro Machines.
Each one has dramatic details, terrific trims,
dependent styling, precision paint jobs, working wheels,
micromachine cars of every variety,
including Lamborghini, Trans Am, Corvette,
4x4, Blazer, pickup charger, and many more.
Micromachine planes polish perfect precision,
like F-15, Corsair, Space Shuttle, P-51, Mustang,
micromachine boats, the fabulous fleet of Tugs, PTs, and speedboats.
Talk about small!
Micromachines are less gargantuan than a wrist.
Popper's midget is a marvel and smaller than a silver dollar.
He does!
Do you want to get more micromachines to add to our collection?
Yeah!
There you go.
From Galoob.
Is that even a thing anymore? Galoob? I don don't know i just remember i had to have them though i was
i had everything if you have a micro machine you were the shit back in the day no doubt
i don't remember that commercial but that brings me back to galoob from galoob oh my god is that
even a thing still i don't even know i forget where i was going to go i was going to go with
because you brought up the stampede that is in calgary and the last part of the pod i just listened to
biz denouncing his fandom for the calgary flames like what is that like that's his one of his
biggest teams and now he's out this quick he shaved his he shaved his head he shaved his head
you know riding this team he put a giant cul-de-sac on his head peter man's biz haircut and he's now off the flames he can't deal with them anymore they are
kind of frustrating team they're kind of like what's going on there what are they missing like
what what's happening i don't get it like you've got sutter your coach he's just maybe he's poking
too hard every day is that draining on the boys those those old school coaches they run their
they run their they run their
course we all know that it's good for a couple years and then get sick of it but they made all
those changes which is tough too trying to find the line chemistries and not good yeah not good
it's a sad day you know rest in peace biz and the calgary flames or rip to the book to that
you know love fest that lasted a while.
We got some good stuff out of that, didn't we, though?
We got it.
We got some great stuff.
I just remember UG there in the playoffs, Battle of Alberta.
That was peak wit biz, Edmonton, Calgary fandom,
and that moment will live forever.
Murr, we should put some odds.
You should start making some odds for which team Biz will pick next
to jump on the bandwagon.
That's a great idea.
I'm thinking I have a feeling.
He's Leafs.
He's massive Leafs.
He'll always be Leafs and Yotes.
He'll always have those.
But his third team, I wouldn't be shocked if he jumps on the Winnipeg Jets bandwagon
with you.
Oh.
We like the Jets.
I've been a Jets guy.
I jumped off it at the start of the year
like an idiot oh my god we should actually do that let's let's transition now out of out of
chicklets chirps and get into a little twirl around the league right now a little hot lap
around the league you know last episode we talked about trades we wanted to see today we're going to
just talk about playoff bubble team who's in who's out and teams that we love. And it's, it's great to bring that up. The Jets, Merle's, because we do,
we, I mean, I saw them, I was between the benches guys.
I did between the benches games, Jets pens, like, I don't know,
a few weeks ago, this team is a bunch of like,
just beasts like no one except for Cole Perfetti,
who's like a dangler and sam gagne who's like just over
a thousand games now been around for is under like there's all they're the only small guys on
team everyone else is six four monster plus maybe morrissey he's he's not like huge but like he
plays like he is hellebuck and net what what do we not like about this team and and what do they
have to do to get over we love them merles we we were texting about
them the other day they fell off near near the end here to the all-star break but like what a what a
team this team could be right yeah they turned it around last night they scored four goals in the
third period on the pathetic blues but i in this team like that rank is so hard to play in it's a
tiny it's a little bit smaller than nhl size it's going to be really hard to play
there in the playoffs and like you're talking about the size in a seven game series thousand
people but it's the rate on you and these big guys pounding you over seven games is going to be it's
going to be tough on some of these other teams with the with the smaller guys and the faster guys
but yeah the jets look great right now hey what a call though gee what a call minus one and a half
he comes on they're down they battle back they store score two goals against the blues in 21
seconds and they're right in there and then shifley buries the empty netter for the minus
one and a half ebr celebrate i was i was going nuts on socials for you buddy i was going nuts
oh look at this here we go there we go unveiling he can't get it up high enough yes there it is there it is the good luck i couldn't get it over
my barrel of a stomach that's what happened there that's how bad it's been the past few weeks you
got that's why i've been wanting to wear this this game note shirt but i couldn't wear it last
episode it didn't fit me but now i dropped the 10 pounds since boston so i got to check the game
notes now it must feel so good.
You must be elite feeling legendary.
Well, I'm just going to put it back on in Florida.
It's going to come right back when I start boozing and eating steak and pasta.
I can't wait.
Yeah, we're all going to just  it's just a never-ending cycle, Murr.
Up and down.
Up and down we go.
Up and down we go like the penguins.
But I've got to ask Gigi.
I want to ask you about the Bruins.
I want to just to get a quick taste of the Bruins right now.
Of course, they're still in a good spot, like not a big deal.
They're still like the fun-loving wagon,
but a little bit of a drop-off here heading into the All-Star.
I'm not worried one bit.
They're down in Fort Lauderdale playing the Panthers.
They're down in Tampa.
You guys have gone out in Tampa.
You guys have gone out in the Strip in Lauderdale.
We'll be there this weekend.
The boys just had a little too much fun this weekend.
They needed to get out of their system.
They had to do it together before they all go their separate ways
for the All-Star break.
But when they come back, I think everyone knows
they had to get out of their system before the All-Star break
because they're buckling in for Berge for this final run.
They're going to win the Cup.
Ooh.
Are you not concerned about a little bit of a let-up like this?
Like this is the thing that's going to get them, you know?
They've got great mojo.
They've got great balance.
They've got great production through the lineup.
But I think the mental part may be the part that's toughest.
And sometimes the chemistry part, if it starts to slide,
you try to find that identity.
If they can kind of start slipping.
I mean, it happened to Tampa.
They got swept after like a historic season.
Is that a concern for you at all?
And just kind of seeing right now, I get what you're saying.
Like, I know we're in the middle, but it's like, eh.
I think they do need to get some depth
because they've been pretty lucky this season
with the injury bug.
I hope I didn't just fucking jinx them,
but they've been pretty lucky this year injury-wise.
So I think injuries are inevitable.
They're going to come, especially with the playoffs.
So they need some depth defensemen.
If a 3-4 defenseman goes
down, they're screwed. You know what I mean? So I think, yeah, if they can get a depth defenseman,
if they can get a depth top nine player, I think they're in a good position.
I think the Jets need to do that too, speaking of them. But let's take a look now, boys. Good
catch up on them, on the Bruins as they're the wagon slid a bit we've
seen some other teams sliding up here and brings us to some bubble teams in this league and Merle's
where you're feeling in the east and the west right now we'll get your guys's opinions on some
of these teams what to watch for what you're interested in yeah that's well it's funny I
thought we were gonna beat the the chicklets mothership to this topic but they they they got
on it on Tuesdayuesday and they talked
about who's getting in and who's getting out i've had this written down for two weeks now
i had the islanders and and and to hear the news they got horvat now so i still like the islanders
now they've added horvat i see them sneaking in and pushing out the Capitals that's in there right now. So that's my switch of what the standings are as of today.
Islanders sneak in, Capitals, like I said at the season preview,
it's the end of the road.
You're good on the pens right now, though?
Yeah, I ride and die with Crosby, so I'm always going to have him in.
They've got to sort it out, though.
They're struggling up and down.
I'm concerned.
they got to sort it out though they're struggling yeah they're not concerned pressing me out west um i got the wild sneaking in and and and knocking out like maybe like the flames will be there like
we just talked how bad they are but i see the flames and wild fighting for that final spot
and then the wild squeezing out the flames at the very end wow you think okay okay i know that's a good call i mean i'll give it to
you that's a call i i don't see that at all i see right now for me i see in the west i see colorado's
right at and at second wild card spot they've been tearing right now they've been absolutely
yeah i have they're in oh they're in i got them they're gonna they're gonna like surge and win
their division i think i think they're gonna make a massive push and win their division now busy called horvat to colorado and he talked he
talked to joe sackick right he got that one where they're gonna try to get horvat obviously they
fell out of the sweepstakes i'm sure i'm sure joe bernaby joe was on it um but they've got to do
something right and what's going to happen landisis Cog? But their horses are back.
They're rolling.
They have that mojo again.
They're going to push.
We've seen veteran teams that know how to win do this.
They kind of got through a tough patch of injuries,
stayed afloat.
Boston did this earlier too, stayed afloat,
and now they're in a position where they're going to surge.
I think they're going to push right to the top of the division, Merce.
Well, yeah, let me give you a barstool sports book.
You can bet abs to win the division plus 325, Army.
So you're in a barstool state.
Let's put your money where your mouth is.
I like that.
Nine points back at Dallas, but three games in hand.
Like you said, they're getting healthier.
So I'm an abs guy.
I'm the original number 29, if you didn't hear.
I was 29 when I played four exhibition games for the Avs.
So I'm an Avs guy out west.
I'll be in Arizona.
Arizona's a Barstool state.
I might get in on the division bet by then.
Do you guys think Biz was pretty adamant on the last episode of Chicklets
that they are 100 going to LTIR the Kucherov special to Landis Kog
so they can go out and trade for Sona at the
deadline and then just load up for
a playoff run. Any way you think
that happens? I could definitely see it
happen. Why not? You know, Landiskog's a
machine. He doesn't need
the exhibition, like warm-up games
before the playoffs. He'd be able to jump
right in. He's built like a
Swedish Viking.
He's built for playoffs, too. Put him iniking yeah he's built for playoffs too like that's just
like put him in his element right there ltir that's a long way away it's not like he got hurt
right now and then he's got to nurse it into the playoffs you know that'd be a different story
i don't know if i could see him landis kog signing up for that as a player would you sign up for that
i don't know like you want to get in and you want to play. I mean. I think if you already got a cup, it's like,
why play the second half of the season if your land is gone?
Like, what do you have to prove?
Yeah, a veteran guy played a long time.
Like, yeah, maybe just, you know, dial back the mileage a bit, right?
And save it for when it really counts and when it really matters.
And in the same breath, helping your team with the cap situation for them.
Okay, you talked me into it.
I could see it happening.
I could see it happening.
And now I'm going to switch to the East for me.
And, gee, we'll hear you after.
But Buffalo, I'm nervous about Buffalo.
The Pens are up and down.
The second half is going to be huge you said Washington you
could see coming out I I'm I'm Buffalo is is kind of a high event uh they got lots of guys that can
hurt you they can catch fire we've seen them go on some runs where they string game we've seen
them go on some runs where they're not that good either but they're kind of like a scary team that's
on the rise right now,
and they get a little bit of excitement,
a little bit of energy down the stretch.
Like I'm concerned in those wild card spots if, you know,
some of these teams, like for me,
the Penguins don't start chopping some wood here.
The second half of the season is so important, but Buffalo's scary.
I think Buffalo, what are they going to do?
Buffalo looks great.
They look great.
Yeah, Penguins got to stop losing the teams like San Jose Sharks at home.
Otherwise, yeah, we are going to see Buffalo and the Islanders in
over both the old classic teams, OV and Crosby will be out,
which won't be good for anybody.
I saw Yans, our boy Yans.
They were breaking down the Horvat trade the other night up in Sportsnet,
and Yans was called upon to say with this trade,
if you think the Islanders are going to make the playoffs,
he's like, nope, just simple, nope.
I've not riden them.
So he doesn't think that trade's going to put him over the top,
and it'll be interesting to see how that kind of pans out also.
G, what you got?
Honestly, so on Chiclets, I said for the wild card
that I had Buffalo and the Islanders getting in.
And then right away, of course, every time I say something, just right down my throat.
And he's like, you have the Penguins and the Caps missing the playoffs.
And instantly my head just, my brain went into a pretzel.
And honestly, all night I've been thinking about it.
I'm like, what is going to happen in the East playoff situation?
Do I want to rescind what I said on the show?
And do I think, like, there's no way Crosby and Ovechkin both don't get in.
So to be honest, I have no idea.
I really have no clue what's going to happen in the East.
I don't see Crosby and Ovechkin both not getting in,
but I do see the Islanders or Buffalo getting in,
if that makes sense.
Yeah, well, I'll give you this too.
And I think this will be something
to keep an eye on until March 3rd.
Right, boys?
The trade deadline.
It's already started now.
Like a big horse just got traded
into the Metro.
So like, you know, Caps, Penn,
some of these teams have to look at that
and go, oh boy, you know,
what are we going to do? We've been kind of like up and down, caps, pens, some of these teams have to look at that and go, oh boy, you know, what are we going to do?
We've been kind of like up and down floundering a little bit.
Is this enough to get the wheels turning?
Are these teams going to now start, you know, is there going to be like an arms race in the Metro now, especially in those bubble positions?
It's something to keep an eye on leading up to the deadline, because I think the pens, as they try to get healthy too, they're going to have to see are see what they look like you know you've got Ruda out they just got Letang back they got
Petrie back they've got Jarris out and he'll be back after this all-star break what does this team
look like Archibald's been out he's a fourth line guy but he leads the team and hits before he got
hurt they need that I don't know like I think this kind of just advances the the like the speed of
this trade deadline in the
metro where a lot of teams think that you know if they're they're one player away from being a
difference maker or having a run or what that could look like so Lou Lamorello like boom you
got it going the party is now started can I ask you guys like if you guys were in Buffalo what
would you do because that seems to to be the biggest question, really,
heading into the trade deadline, at least for me.
You have a team that's really gone with the draft and development thing,
and they've built their core.
Some people are saying their main focus now should be resigning Rasmus Dahlen,
locking up Owen Power long-term, locking up these guys young-term.
Or do they risk some of these young assets,
not guys like Power or any big names like that,
but draft picks and high prospects
to go get a rental guy,
to show the fans that they care?
Personally, I mean, I know Biz said the other thing,
went the other way on the podcast this week,
but I would stay the course.
I don't think they need to mortgage the future right now.
I think if you want to go get a bottom six guy for a low-end draft pick,
yeah, go do that.
Get some defensive depth, fine.
But I don't think they should be mortgaging the future,
and I think they should stick with the plan they have,
which is drafting and developing these guys.
We gave you a cheat sheet for this last episode of Chicklets Game Notes.
If you turn to page three of the game notes,
we gave you what Buffalo should do.
Murr, what did we say they need to get?
They need to get John Gibson.
Yep, they got to get a goalie.
And I think you got to go for it.
They have a magic this year.
And there's no guarantee that next year they're going to be scoring like this.
You see it all the time.
Guys are up and down.
It's not like it's
Tage Thompson's been unbelievable.
His talk is unbelievable.
But it's not like it's Sidney Crosby and Ovechkin that you have proven
for 15 years that they're going to do this kind of scoring.
They got something magical going this year.
Go get a goalie.
Go get a defensive defenseman.
It's not going to cost you the future.
It's not going to cost you too much. It's not going to cost you too much.
You have plenty of prospects.
What does John Gibson go for?
What do you think Gibson goes for, guys?
Some picks.
They're going for Bedard, right?
They don't need any more first-rounders.
You've got two stud defensemen, right?
And you've got plenty of forwards that can score.
You really don't need any more prospects.
Buffalo needs it
man the bills the bills not let us down this year they need playoff hockey oh yeah they got a good
sports town they need they need it they've been so bad for so long like they're they're getting
so close jeem you might be on to something stay the course if they want a little bit pepper the
pot a bit little bit of pepper, a little fresh of pepper,
you go look at a goalie and look at John Gibson who's just
rotting in Anaheim right now. Poor guy.
Poor guy. I just want to
give John Gibson a hug when he comes back
to Pittsburgh in the summer.
Get through it, Johnny. Johnny boy, you're going to get
through it. We're going to make it, okay, bud?
Either way, it's going to be so
exciting now. Every night is a big game. i'm looking at the islanders every night did they
oh they got the two points nice pittsburgh oh my god did they really i went to bed after the
first period the other night i wake up and they lost the game to the sharks like oh
i was between the benches their boots on the ground as you call it merles i was just like
what if i were you i know I couldn't get out of there.
I was stuck in there.
But yeah, there's a little bubble coverage right there.
Little things to look at.
Trade deadline approaching.
A lot of excitement.
Did I mention off the start of the show about Groundhog Day?
No, you didn't.
I want to talk about Groundhog Day.
Today's Groundhog Day.
The release of the show is Groundhog Day.
I want to talk about it because February 2nd.
What do you guys think of when you think of Groundhog Day? Probably movie I'd imagine yeah I think of the movie and I always would joke that
like my life in hockey like hockey life of a pro hockey player is Groundhog Day you wake up you go
to practice you go to lunch you eat pasta and chicken you take a two-hour nap you wake up you
have coffee and a peanut butter sandwich or a bagel you play your game you go out
after you eat a steak and pasta or you get on like it's the same every day and all of a sudden
eight months later you're back home in the summer groundhog day every day you're right merles well
that's like a great movie too but um and punk satani no more than an hour and a half for me
here in pittsburgh driving is the big festival with Punxsutawney
Phil boys have you guys heard of this oh yeah so gee gee hasn't heard about it so it so gee this
is a and for everyone listening this is a like celebration with Punxsutawney Phil and the inner
circle the members of the inner circle they're wearing tuxedos they have top hats they come out
they're holding up Phil.
They're holding him like this and parading him and a massive celebration of music.
And I think they may have cleaned it up over the years because I think it was a giant gong show, like festival, like people boozing all through the night until the morning.
Yeah, see, I knew they did this.
I just didn't know it was this big gong show thing.
I thought it was just like a private little ceremony.
I didn't know it was like a big festival for Punxsutawney.
Oh, it's massive, I guess.
And I just started, got wind of it last year.
I wanted to go last year, but next year I think we should go. I think we should like get biz to be like, you know, in the inner circle,
the guy that's handling Phil.
And you go up to Gobbler's Knob is the name of where they keep Phil up on this like hill outside
of Punxsutawney if he doesn't see a shadow spring will start if he sees his shadow and goes in you
get six more weeks a winner so this is like kind of the thing that's been running and I think it's
been going on since like I think they started like 1886 this like groundhog club Punxsutawney groundhog club um and AJ Daru is Phil's handler
I looked it up online but he's the guy that comes out and is like yeah like celebrating this guy
to everything and it's like this massive party I think we should it'd be great for content it'd be
fun as hell and if it's still like the gong show they have live bands and you stay up all night
until the next morning when they unveil Phil to come out and like you know the whole thing around
this uh but it's like a three-day celebration i think i think it's just absolutely insane so
groundhog day today the arrival of spring hopefully uh we get some good news from punks
tony phil merles have you you heard about this you're you're kind of in the in the vicinity a
little bit where you grew up yeah i've heard've heard about it. I've never been there, but you sound like you work for the
Pennsylvania Tourism. You're telling us how great Pittsburgh is, now the Punxsutawney.
You'll get some sponsorships on there.
Your wife's from Wilkes-Barre. Your kid will be in the Little League World Series,
next thing you know, down in Williamsport.
Yeah, I'm a salesman for Pennsylvania.lvania let's go we got a lot of stuff
happening here so i i think over the years guys uh merles is there betting lines on this can we
can we bet on what he does i'll give you what it's happened so far i've bet on a lot of things
but i haven't bet on does this guy see a shadow or not punxsutawney Phil odds, they've got to be brutal because he's seen his shadow 103 times
and only 17 times
from what I'm getting off
of Wikipedia,
there's been early springs.
So he's scared of his shadow
more often than not.
This is like rolling
the roulette wheel
when it's like black, black,
black, black, black.
I've been there with Merles
where Merles is like,
oh, it's going to be rad.
It's going to be rad.
You can't do it
this many times
in a row let's take the underdog let's take the underdog we want spring boys we want spring
we want spring we do but i would like to get a little bit more winter boys for my nice rink in
my backyard i haven't had anything it's just it's just been a grind yeah odr season's brutal back
there my brother's rink i think he's had two or three times total yeah i've had two times on it brutal
and one time my kid fell through it so we're grinding right now come on phil see your shadow
punks tony phil we're relying on you so cheers to groundhog day boys what a movie what a spot
we'll see you next year in punks of tony on on goblers knob we'll be up there what a name
uh all right all right off of that we're gonna go to show with the mindsies one of my favorite John Gobbler's Knob will be up there. What a name.
All right, all right.
Off of that, we're going to go to show at the Mindsies,
one of my favorite segments.
I love this, where we just kind of, you know,
pick something out that we've seen or that we've noticed or that we like to be show,
and something that we're not into is just send you to the Mindsies.
All right, Murr, let's get started with you.
What's your show this month? Do all shows first let's do show first my show is being and it's the all-star
all-star break week here and our all-star break episode the show is the all-star break when you
don't make the all-star game especially when you're in the minor leagues the last thing you
want to do is be going and playing hockey for three more
days instead of going on a guy's trip with all the rest of your team.
I remember we were in San Antonio.
I was having a great season.
Me and Joey Tanute both having great seasons.
The all-star game was in Binghamton.
And if anyone's ever been to Binghamton, you don't want to go there.
The rink is horrible.
So I ended up not making the all-starton you don't want to go there the rink is horrible so i ended up not
making the all-star team tanute had to go there i went with like five guys from the team we went
up to austin for three nights shot the lights out so all-star break when you don't make the
all-star team is big time show oh man i remember in the minors boys i went on a all-star break it
was like my first one and re Reed Simpson, just a beauty.
Oh, I remember that.
Yeah.
Yeah, you and Endo.
He took you.
The old man took you two down there.
Yeah, he took us down there to South Beach.
What a gong show.
And we went to like, you know how they have all these like beach parties?
Like these, like you got to wear all white and go to these things.
It wasn't like super nice out.
But I'm like wearing like Billabong board shorts like and are like a hoodie like i'm from saskatoon
i don't know what the hell i'm doing you know everyone's decked out in white like sunglasses
just like so pro and fancy and i'm laying on this like daybed thing with like endo and like
simmer and over next to us is like vince neal from motley crew i went over and said hi to him
i got a picture and then uh paulie shore was there what a beauty i kept going to him with a weasel
remember we did all that stuff uh so i thought that was pretty funny so you're right you're
winning if you don't get in the all-star game you're winning instead you could have been in like
manchester playing i made the ahL All-Star game one time.
Not a big deal.
It was in Grand Rapids, which, yeah, it's kind of dusty, too.
But we had a great time.
My friend Jeff Hamilton, remember him in Bridgeport?
He scored like 80 goals in one year.
Buddy Tinted Visor, small guy, absolute light show.
So he hooked it up.
He set us up as roommates out there.
So we were together the whole time.
Another buddy of mine, Craig Darby, was there.
So we shot the lights out.
That's a common theme, I guess, with me is we're boozing.
But you booze it up.
It's okay.
But Grand Rapids wasn't a great city.
Yeah.
I had two and one in the game. You go to the Bob.
Remember the Bob?
The Bob.
Exactly.
We were at the Bob.
It was back.
I remember it so clearly.
It was back when the Jaeger bombs that you would drop in the Red Bull.
Those were big.
And the Red Bulls, Vodka were big.
So we were all banged up on that kind of stuff all weekend.
And then you got to go play a game.
Yeah, you got to try to nurse your way through that game.
And then you got to travel back.
It just sucks.
It's way better going to South Beach, Murr.
South Beach, laying on day beds with Billabong shorts on
and the worst hoodie in the league.
Thinking you're high-class society from Saskatoon,
mix of Saskatoon and Wilkes-Barre.
That's so true, though, so true.
My show this episode is these e-bug goalies.
The Edmonton throws in this e-bug.
You know, we've heard legendary stories the
guy comes in Chicago the guy that beats the Leafs the Zamboni guy then we got this and then out of
nowhere we got the guy that gets like just like courtesied into an NHL game uh out of nowhere
with two minutes left on the clock and I want to make I want to petition for Pittsburgh's e-bug
he's one of Sid's best buddies his name's Mike Chason he played like university hockey out east just a great guy
he's been almost in you guys remember the winter classic game he was dressed ready to go Jari was
out he was ready to go for that and then um who are they playing a little while ago they're playing
the Florida Panthers and both backups were were out Jari was out again and uh spencer knight was like sick i think he
wasn't even on the bench or i don't know if he was ready to go or if he could go so he was in like
double team situation where he could have went again i i like let's start a petition sid i'm
saying sid get get mike chase on in a game we need this e-bug we need him in there we need the tap
if we're starting to do the sympathy put him in the game give them the experience put killer in the game mike chase on i love it what
you got g uh i kind of i kind of went into this already but i'm i'm calling any trainer in the
tri-state area that can get me in shape if you get me in shape i'm calling you right up to the show
this is a double this is how important it is he He's done it twice. It's going to be a difficult task
so you have to be good at your craft.
If you can get me looking good by
summertime, you are getting called up to the
show, baby. I love it. I love it.
That's desperation. That's sticking to the plan.
I mean, I need that too.
You need to go all in. I think Biz chirped
some, was it you he chirped? He's like, you gotta
just go for it, man.
I'm like, what are you waiting for? I'm like, i need that attitude too maybe a trainer can provide that for i'm in
i'm in your boat with this big time big time g i know merles is dedicated himself hey we'll hold
each other accountable let's hold each other accountable here going forward i'm gonna start
texting you each week be like you go to the gym this week and you hit me up too merles you too be
like you pussies go to the gym this week there's like there's an app i was in it a couple years ago
with some buddies and uh you can do like a weight loss challenge like each morning you got to take a
snap of your picture and it and you challenge you each put like 50 bucks in the pot and each week
whoever loses the most like weight percentage like takes the pot home and it was pretty picture of
your shirt off and
everything in the mirror no no no the scale like the scale oh so your weight and it was a good way
to like hold you accountable like because you're like oh damn it i gotta show this picture and then
it has like graphs of where you're gone and stuff i'm skinny fat though that's the issue where if i
lose weight like if i get in shape i'm only losing three pounds. You're gaining weight. You're going to gain weight.
You're going to have muscle.
I've been the same weight since I was 18 years old.
Like I don't really gain weight.
It just goes to different parts of my body.
Kind of like a bag of milk.
I got to get this going.
I challenge also like our community, Chicklets community.
Let's stay on each other.
Let's love each other.
Let's get each other in shape.
Let's stick together. We're just a big team and a big family aren't we great this is just
what i need before we get to fort lauderdale everyone's gonna be coming up to me like rubbing
my belly being like hit the gym you fat fuck you're disgusting you know what they're gonna do
which is the worst because i'm fat now they come and they pinch your belly it's just like a massive
grab of the belly like oh hey buddy
and i'm like oh my god there's nothing that feels worse than that you know it's it's it's brutal um
maybe we'll send that to the mindsies g the belly rubs you know belly rubs go to the mindsies yeah
speaking of the mindsies you got something for us merles and i know you got something
this has been driving me nuts i don't't know. I think it started last year.
In the NHL, this is the National Hockey League.
Why can't the referees control the players on the face-offs?
They're all encroaching inside the circles.
On the sides.
In Europe, it's strict policy.
You stand on the line.
You don't go inside.
If you go inside, it's going to be a penalty.
Watch the face-offs tonight in the game, even the opening draws.
The guys are in there like it's like a might tournament.
They're all over.
How do they not have any control?
Guys, stay back.
You stay back.
Let's have a real face-off.
And part of that, because I had coaches that you're watching the hand.
When the hand moves, that's when you jump, not when the puck drops.
Move when the hand, you can get that little cheating step.
But these guys are just right in there.
So that little technique is gone from the game.
It drives me nuts that this is the National Hockey League
and they can't control themselves in the face-offs.
So Lionies to the Mindsies, if you have no, like you can't control anything,
you're going to the Mindsies.
Well, I feel bad.
Maybe like the Lionies are just getting chirped by these guys like dude shut up i make eight
million dollars a year go punt i'll give you a hundred you give you a hundo let me crouch in here
well i've got to say this like isn't that kind of like show a little bit though like
like hear me out on this like when you're in the show it's kind of show to be able to like do cool
shit like that like you can you're allowed to kind of, like, cheat in on the face-offs,
like cheating a little bit, like this here and there,
because you're in the show, right?
Like, it's kind of, like, lax comparatively to all these other leagues
or, like, when you're a kid.
It's like there's not really, like, a true outline,
because you're in the show.
You can do whatever you want kind of thing.
It's, like, a little looser, right?
Without rules, there's chaos, as Kramer once said.
Okay.
I can get behind that.
I can get behind that, Merles.
I understand what you're saying.
I'm going to go with my mindsies.
I'm going to go all the dorks in Vancouver, everybody.
I know it's been a slog there.
I know.
I know it's been mishandled, Boudreaux.
I know the Tanner Pearson surgery.
I get it.
But when Ilya Mikheyev is crying because he gets shut down for the year
because of his surgery on his knee, he blows his knee out.
He's playing with a blown knee.
This stuff happens all the time in the playoffs.
This happens all the time through years.
I did it.
I blew my shoulder out.
Can you damage anymore?
No.
Can I play?
Yeah, if you do this, this, and this, you can play.
Okay, finish the year, get surgery after.
Ilya Mikheyev tried to do this this guy
hasn't tweeted in two years he dusted off the twitter machine and comes in with like a perfect
English tweet which I respect saying how he handled his knee situation like he has to do that
part of it's on the Canucks I get it but like part of it's like are you kidding me Canucks there's
enough you got a guy that was in tears about his knee
like get out of here you're going to the mindsies the whole thing's going to the mindsies send
everyone to the mindsies am I offside with that like get the hell out of here no I agree man
fuck that Vancouver like fuck me it's been a long enough year it's been hard you just captain just
got traded ever the wheels are falling off everyone's pets heads are falling off like
we got to get Mikheyev coming on explaining his thing like because of like the fans are like oh
it's always something with them i don't understand the fans why they got all like into this boudreaux
thing they're all feeling bad for a guy making two and a half million dollars like who cares
though that's it's your job you have to show up coach. Do you think he never had a player he kept in limbo like that?
Oh, I'm going to send you down.
I might send you down.
You're going to be a healthy scratch tonight.
This guy coached forever.
He's making 2.5 million.
You don't have to feel bad for him that he's in a weird spot like that.
Is it right?
No, stop feeling bad.
I love you, Bruce signs.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah, they feel bad for him because he had to sit there and do that,
making two and a half sheets a year.
I'll do that.
Yeah.
What's those paychecks?
Two and a half?
And I don't know.
I made 400,000 when I was the NHL.
Yeah, life in hockey for Boudreaux, I get it.
A coach forever, I get it.
Well-respected by his players, I get it.
Everyone was speaking out on it.
But, you know, like, come on.
Come on.
Hey, come on.
Hey, come on.
Come on.
For the mindsies here, I got all internet detectives.
I've had it with these internet detectives.
These TikTok detectives is what I like to call them.
It started with DeMar Hamlin.
People were saying that
DeMar, that the Bills and the NFL put a body double in for DeMar Hamlin because he wasn't
showing enough of his face at the Bills game. Just absolutely fucking crazy. So DeMar Hamlin
then had to make basically a statement at the Bills facility, which is just a fucking joke that
these people sit in their parents' basement all day just fucking trying to make build up these conspiracies which leads me to my second thing which is the
trevor ziegris lip reading like what is going on where everyone just suddenly thinks like
they like you you think you know what trevor ziegris is saying by reading his lips on a four
second clip so you're gonna blast it out to your entire social media feed to the
entire world that he said something about fucking Troy Stetcher's poor
Troy Stetcher's dead dad.
Like,
what are we talking about here?
How,
how can anyone consciously sit there and,
and post something like that?
It just,
it blows my mind every week when i see these
tiktok detectives they'll dive into these conspiracy theories and the trevor's egress
thing i mean we've heard from people on the ice he said nothing about his dad like this whole thing
is just ridiculous and it starts and ends with the tiktok detectives yeah and it's like it was
kind of grainy like it cut away then the linesman's head was in the way, and then all of a sudden just like it appears that like they feel like he said that.
And it's like pretty tough to just put that out there, right?
Like, you know, that's a pretty aggressive thing to say that someone said.
I don't know what he said.
Obviously, Stetcher was pissed.
I know he didn't say that.
I got confirmed that he didn't say that.
If he said something like that, somebody would have heard it.
Everybody's heard it.
The linesman would have heard it.
It would have been over by now. that, somebody would have heard it. Everybody's heard it. The linesman would have heard it. It would have been over
by now. The other team would have heard it.
I don't know if we'll ever find out exactly
what he said. I'm sure it was a pretty good chirp
to go that nuts. Or he misheard it
probably. I think
from everything I've heard, it was
a misheard funny chirp
is what I was told.
From someone who was on the ice.
We'll leave it there. we'll leave it there.
We'll leave it there.
Everyone, all that stuff to the Mindsies.
You heard our show.
Mindsies.
Merles.
Mindsies.
One of my favorite times of the show right now, guys.
Get a lot of feedback, traction with this one.
People love it.
It's now time, moving on to a fan favorite segment.
It's Beer League Heroes.
I'll recap our last ones and the rules number one
the shower sheriff shower after the game came up with that merles is on a mission and i am on a
mission to clean this league up uh one rule at a time uh rule number two don't be uh don't be cheap
with the beers bring enough big deal brew our presenting sponsor bring enough big deal brew
for everyone of course we had the beer League Variety Pack Swindler.
That was number two.
Number three, no wheelie bags.
Ken Reed, brutal look on the internet.
Works at Sportsnet, a buddy of mine.
Showed up to like Hockey Day in Canada with a wheelie bag.
Of course, he was put on blast on social media with his wheelie bag.
That's got to go.
Totally embarrassing, especially him.
He's old school.
And so now that brings us to rule number four, Merle's.
I'd love to hear this.
Before that, I want to go back to number three.
I've gotten a ton of messages.
Is the wheelie bag okay if it's the guy bringing the beer?
I don't think so.
I know there's some rinks that don't allow you to bring beer.
I've done it before.
I've snuck the 30-pack in my bag and carried it in um i had a guy um what was his name he had a cart
they had this custom-made cart that was passed down from generation so you can carry your bag in
pull the cart you know that way to get the beer in. Like you said, coolers. Every cooler now has wheels.
Do that.
Just don't bring your hockey bag on the wheels.
Yeah, we're done with that.
Hey, don't be caught dead with that.
Come on.
Come on.
So rule number four, Murr.
I got to hear what you got for us, what we kind of came up with.
This is a really good one.
This guy's despised on every team, and they're all the same.
Yeah, it's rule number four.
Originally, I had this when we started this,
I had it under iron lungs.
You'd always chirp a guy.
Oh,
this guy's got iron lungs.
He's out there all dime, but now I'm switching it to the Jack Hughes rule because as we know,
he took the longest shift in NHL history,
seven and a half minutes or something wild like that.
The one game.
So it's don't take too long a shifts in
the beer league see i i gotta jump in here and i just don't know if i agree with this one merles
just just in the sense of i half the time i don't even want to go out there when i'm in the beer
leagues i'm just i'm gasping for air on the bench i think you know of the two the 11 o'clock
tuesday night game six guys show up.
You have one defenseman, and you need a guy to stay out there for six or seven minutes.
I'm like, stay out, stay out, stay out.
Okay, no, I'm talking more when it's you have the ten guys or you have the three lines,
and it's, you know, you stay with your line.
Don't screw up the line.
That's fair.
This is the guy we hate.
There's the guy that
everyone says stay out there we need a goal stay out there stay out there we're short guys stay
out there you're you're good there i get it that's me when i play beer league right we need a goal
they say army get out there army you know play forward if i'm playing d go get us one okay okay
i can figure that's you in the chiclets cup for us that's murr you got to stay on the last five
minutes we need some kind of magic out of the,
out of some,
some,
someone that's special on the team.
All right.
Not the guy that used to be good when he was nine,
that still thinks he's like a legend on his team.
And he's,
and everyone's paying the same amount of money.
Merle's this is what we're saying,
right?
Everyone's chipped in and this guy takes it upon himself to,
to bless himself as the best player in the league and the
best player on the team and take five minute shifts the team on the bench is now going that
guy's a fucking loser what's this guy doing get off the ice he does this all the time he thinks
he's a legend because his wife's in the stands maybe or he's trying to impress somebody like
buddy you're not good anymore you stink fall in line be the same you're fracturing the, you're not good anymore. You stink. Fall in line. Be the same. You're fracturing the team.
You're pulling the team apart.
And they only now want you on the team, Merle.
It's probably because you chip in just enough that they can meet the dues.
They need one more guy that's just a team player.
And you've got superhero Jack Hughes guy out there just battling through an eight-minute shift
because he's going to make a difference.
Come on.
That's the guy.
Right, Merle?
If that's the case, if that's the guy, then I'm on your side.
Yeah, I know what you're saying, G.
When you're short manned, you do need the guy.
Like, dude, somebody stay.
I'm talking when you got the full lineup, recreational.
Yeah, and in more serious leagues, I like that army at last five minutes.
Like, but your team will let you know you're the guy to go.
Don't call yourself that guy
like i'm the guy that gets to stay out no no if you think you're the guy that way you're not the
guy you're not the guy pal you're not the guy you're not that guy hey start clicking the door
click click click click click click you're not the guy let's go iron lung done i love that rule
i love that rule uh way better camaraderie, not as much complaining behind guys' backs,
and they're like, oh, Timmy, he fucking stays on for four minutes.
And you line up your team, and if you're in a bigger,
you line up your lines.
Maybe you have your two strongest players at center
with some weaker wingers, and you have it set up,
so you need to keep the lines rolling.
If this guy's staying out too long, say I hate it when I'm out there.
Say I'm out there and they have another good player with me to work with,
but all of a sudden I'm out there early, then my winger,
I've wasted all my energy.
By the time my good winger gets out there, I've got to change.
You know what I mean?
It throws off the whole team.
Just stay with your line until the end of the game
when the other guys tell you to go out there a little extra.
All right, there we have it.
I love it, Merle.
Great advice.
One rule at a time, cleaning up the league's boys.
Rule number four, iron lung, Jack Hughes rule.
Don't take all the shifts.
Don't take everyone's ice time.
All right, you're not that guy.
It's now time for riding the bus where we get into all non-NHL happenings.
We've got prospects. We've got happenings. We've got prospects.
We've got some leagues.
We've got leading scorers.
And we've got NCAA chatter.
Merles, you want to get into that?
Yeah, I want to start with the prospects.
You know, World Juniors is over.
You're starting to hear more about these guys,
the Conor Bedard and all this.
You know, the Mothership Chicklets,
they don't have enough time to cover this draft stuff,
so we're taking over that for them.
I want to give you guys my top five, you know,
let you guys think what you think of them.
Number one, I got Bedard, obviously.
Number two, I've talked enough about him,
Leo Carlson from Orbro over here.
Number three, I got Fantilli from Michigan University.
They're number six in the country.
He's second in the whole league, in the whole country in scoring,
which is amazing.
The fourth guy that nobody talks about because he's playing in Russia,
Michkov.
He was playing in, like, the lower level.
He just got moved up to Sochi in the KHL, but they're awful.
They won one game in, like, three months, but he's doing good.
Can I ask you a question about him?
So, Michkov, everything I've heard is he can't come and play in the United States
until 2026 because of his KHL contract.
Now, is that something that he's able to get out of?
And also, do you think that there's a chance that he could start to fall in the draft here
as some other guys start to up their value and people start to realize,
look, we're not going to see this guy for three years?
Hey, just get Merle's or get Witt as his agent.
He'll just be over there sliding hundies like, hey, can you get out of this deal?
Can you get out of this deal?
I'm going to take more than a hundy to get him out of.
SKA, I think, has him signed that long.
And it would be close to like with Kapri be close to what happened with Kaprizov
because he didn't come over right away either
because he fulfilled his contract there.
Nowadays, you never know what's going on with Russia nowadays.
But yeah, I think that will maybe scare away a few teams,
but his talent is somebody's going to take a shot.
A team that's looking more down two or three years.
They don't want to be good again next year.
So it's almost perfect.
You draft this guy, you bank them.
You're bad again next year.
You grab another guy.
Then it's kind of like Crosby Malcolm when they came over at the same time.
And my fifth one, a little off the board,
I went with Axel Sandin Pelika.
He's a righty D man from Sweden, played in the World Juniors.
He's on Shaleftia.
They're the best team over here.
And most draft experts don't have him this high.
But last year at the draft, you remember a lot of these D-men got moved up.
They went a lot higher, and especially righties.
Everyone's looking for that next Cale McCarr now.
Everybody saw how valuable he is.
You can play 30 minutes, offense, defense.
It's a new game, the way the defense play.
They're swirling through the zone and everything.
The modern game.
I think there's going to be a team that doesn't need a forward,
a team that needs a right-handed D-man.
I moved him up to fifth.
Hold on.
What about Zach Benson?
I got to shout out.
Of course, we've got Bedard 1, Regina Patz. Patz what about this Zach Benson I mean Winnipeg Ice I would have had him probably fifth
if I didn't go with my whole idea that somebody's going to want to D up there yeah okay that's the
only reason I hear great things about him yeah good little player he's nasty pretty good player
I got to give shout out to the Western League when I can as well uh well there's there's another guy
I got another guy just on his name.
He's from Moose Jaw.
He's supposed to go pretty high.
Brandon Yeager.
Yeager, Saskatoon guy.
All right.
So I knew you'd like him.
Another guy I know you would like from Owen Sound, Colby Barlow.
Let's go.
I mean, you might be the only Colby that's ever gone in the first round,
so we might get a second one.
And I want to bring up another American kid, Will Smith. You might be the only Colby that's ever gone in the first round, so we might get a second one. Yeah.
And I want to bring up another American kid, Will Smith.
I mean, what a name that is, Will Smith.
He might be going to Miami.
U.S. development team.
Those kids always end up being great.
This Hughes kid that everyone's scoring 100 points,
a bet with Whitney and Pasha that he was a U.S. kid.
Did his brothers both go there too, the u.s kid did his brothers
both go there too the u.s program will smith no he's from this u.s program but i'm just talking
about like how good these players are coming out of there oh yeah matthews hughes i don't know
coolie went there he's now ripping it up ncaa style but uh are we gonna do the draft g is that
a possibility i should ask you that. Where is it this year?
Nashville?
Chicklets Game Notes can go do the draft.
If we want to, yeah, we definitely can.
We should do like a live stream or something or like be there first round.
I would love to get some boots on the ground down there.
Can you get us on the floor of the draft, G?
Oh, of course I can.
Can we get somewhere down in there?
If I can't, Pasha can.
Pasha's like a ghoster out there.
He just hovers around.
He's like Eric Carlson in the offensive zone.
Now you see him, now you don't, right?
That's unbelievable.
I want to ask about some of this NCAA stuff, right, Merles?
You said Michigan's number six.
Where's Minnesota?
Gee's boy, right?
Cooley.
Logan Cooley, Pittsburgh guy.
I got to ask about this.
I saw he scored like eight seconds in the game the other day last week.
It was a highlight I saw on social media.
He's lighting it up too.
What is he on, Minnesota?
Yeah, the college is starting to get going now.
Your exhibition, kind of the non-conference stuff is done.
You're right into the conference schedule.
I was just looking it up, the top five in the country right now.
You got number one, Minnesota.
Number two, Quinnipiac.
Number three, Wits BU.
Number four, Denver.
And number five, St. Cloud State.
Oh, no.
Bugsy.
Yeah.
We know a bunch of those St. Cloud guys.
I don't know if they party like those guys do anymore,
but it's nice to see them up there in the top five.
Ohio State, number seven, too, just sniffing around.
That's near me here in Pennsylvania, Ohio State's team.
I find it hilarious, though, like looking at the top scorers, too, in this league.
In NCAA, like there's a guy on there.
I think he played in Erie.
I actually skated with him in the summers.
I've skated with Cooley, his cousin mooney this kid's sick too yeah i coached against him yeah seven yeah oh
this guy's a little like he's unreal uh we got and then and then i see on the scoring list
austin swankler is a kid that i i skated with here also that's you know ripping it up pretty
good right now in NCAA scoring where
is he he's fourth um from Bowling Green so shout out to Austin Swankler give him some love uh I
think he played he played yeah he played how does that even work he played in the O and then now
he's at Bowling Green was it like a COVID thing I don't know I'm gonna have to get to the bottom of
this yeah they changed the rules since our time before as soon as you went to an OHL training
camp you couldn't play college so I know the rules have changed i think you can sit
out some games and and get thrown right back in the mix in the in the college now and kovitz
changed everything with all the transfers and all that nonsense so it's tough to track the guys but
there's some some good players up in the front there um colin graff a freshman from quinnipiac
he's tied for fifth i don't know much about him but to see these up in the front there. Colin Graff, a freshman from Quinnipiac. He's tied for fifth.
I don't know much about him, but to see these freshmen in the top five,
Fantilli and Graff, they must be amazing players.
Yeah, Fantilli, he's leading.
Is he leading scoring?
I think after this weekend, he's one point behind this kid,
Ryan McAllister from Western Michigan, the Broncos.
But, yeah, the college hockey is awesome.
It's getting down to it.
We'll get into the NCAA tournament.
Me and G, we've hit some big bets on that before.
Barstool Sportsbook always has the tournament odds,
and we'll get that going.
When we're out in the Super Bowl next week,
I'm hoping to swing by old Mullet Arena
and see Greg Powers with the
ASU hockey team, maybe do a little
locker room tour, have a little chat
with Greg Powers, how he made
that program go from an Acha team
to now a Division I
team. So I think it's a super cool story at ASU.
Yeah, I would love to go
on that trip with you. I would too.
Vlog on it and check that out. Definitely. I'm trying to find out these leading scorers here luke hughes is
going to be a beast is he going to be the best hughes let's talk about him too like jesus i
really think so i've been saying it for a while i mean he put up four bingos the other night like
this kid is incredible and he's big he's like quinn hughes but he's bigger I it's just he's he's been so fun
to watch this year at Michigan at the World Juniors he was awesome as well but yeah I mean
he's a stud yeah he is four goals as a D man that's ridiculous he's big he can skate he can
defend he's kind of can do everything he's like Quinn Hughes but like bigger and maybe a little
more stout I would say for like the modern era defensemen, too. Watch out for this guy.
Holy smokes, New Jersey.
Pasha is just like, what's Pasha?
We can't even get into that, right?
Pasha will be losing his mind, isn't it?
So, sorry, Swankler's third in scoring right now.
Yeah, you're right, behind Fantilli, who's a point behind McAllister.
And it's good to look at this for us, too, because, gee, where are we going?
Merles, where are we going?
We're going to Tampa Bay.
We are going south again.
We're going to be talking about the Beach Bodies again in April
because we're going to the Frozen Four in Tampa, baby.
Yeah, we are.
I hope Cooley's in there.
Big Deal Brew.
Big Deal Brew is sending us down there, too,
the presenting sponsor here of Chicklets Game Notes today.
Without Big Deal Brew, there's no Frozen Four.
I need a Pittsburgh kid there.
I need Cooley there.
Thank you, Big Deal Brew.
We're going to be down there.
I can't wait to do it.
Can't wait to check it out.
Me and Merle's another trip.
Yeah, and I'll let you know how it's set up, Army.
I don't know if you follow it.
So there will be two games on Thursday.
That's how it's run for the last, like, 20 years.
Probably because I'm saying this, it'll change because I'm such a mush.
But Thursday at noon, there'll be a game.
And then there's a three, four-hour break.
And then there's the other game.
So you get two games on Thursday.
Friday is a completely off day.
They'll hand out the Hobie Baker Award.
And we'll sneak away to Ybor City, have some big deal brews.
And then Saturday night is the championship game.
Okay, perfect.
That sets up so great.
That's going to be so awesome.
Yeah, I hope we see some of these guys there, right?
Like some of these guys we're talking about,
some of these draft picks that we want to see too leading up to the draft as well.
We're going to be there on the draft floor setting up.
Hopefully, G can pull some strings, get us down there.
But, yeah, we we're gonna be there
frozen for uh big deal brew thank you that's gonna be an awesome event to go to i know it was in
pittsburgh a few years ago i actually went to that uh event and you know fans travel in all over the
place college fans and cheer on their team i hope cool he's there i want pittsburgh guy um i want to
see that honorable shout out honorable
mention Ty Voight too still kicking around he's second in OHL and scoring a Pittsburgh kid as well
Merles you kind of chirped too and they left him off the U.S. uh junior world junior team uh he
was leading the OHL and scoring at that time but Pittsburgh man check it out John Mooney hot bet
here he is check it out here he, head of tourism for the state of Pennsylvania.
Colby Armstrong again.
Can we get a Pennsylvania tourism sponsor?
That would be hilarious.
Just like a truck that says PA on the side with a Keystone picture or something.
I don't know.
I'll stick with the big deal brewing.
All right, Merles.
What do we got here?
You want to get in this vaspy
situation with zabinijad maybe hershey what's going on there yeah we can talk a little it's
a little uh interesting story brodeners i kind of made them a little known to the chicklets nation
when i was eating the zabinijad burger last year during the rangers playoffs and he was scoring
i was making props is it zabinijad Yad? Is it Zabana Yad?
Zabana Yad.
Don't ask me.
You don't know anybody's name.
Yeah, you're the butcher guy.
Zabana Yad.
The butcher.
Beignets is not in the All-Star Game anymore,
so you don't have to worry about that.
But Zabana Yad.
I just wanted to get it straight
because I can't trust you on names anymore.
Zabana Yad.
Mika.
I like to just call him Mika, so I don't have to say that.
But you're right.
The Mika burger you were getting, it was a thing.
Yeah, and so that was fun.
But he owns this, he's part of this group.
I think it's four guys.
They own this burger chain.
There's 80 or 90 of them now in Sweden.
It's like the pressed hamburger.
So they wanted to sponsor this team.
The last thing I need to hear is about
cheeseburgers and five guys four guys order it up now put the order in it'll be at your door when
we're done i'm ordering now and so in sweden it's there's this 51 rule where the the club members
it's kind of like the community owns the team they They don't want it like the NHL or the English Premier League
where there's these rich owners coming in and making all the decisions.
So with this 51, they get to decide everything.
If they want a coach to get fired, if they want a player to get fired,
they can almost decide everything.
So this Broners kind of snuck in in the middle of the night
and held a meeting where they couldn't get like the full board there.
So they bought in and they bought up the entire like other 49.
And so now they have 49 and everybody's nervous that they have a couple of guys on the inside already on inside the 51.
So they're going to be able to win every vote now and and
it's just if if this happens it's going to throw off all the swedish um pro sports this whole
system they have here so everybody's a little upset about it i think mika took some heat from
it over here some teams ended their sponsorship with brodeners because of it wow it's it's a
weird story it's a wild story but
i will still be going for the mika burger come playoff time rangers fans don't worry
what's going to come of it merles is it is it shut down are they shutting down this purchase
i saw you had to tweet mika had to tweet something out saying like i don't know what's going on i'm
actually playing hockey right now yeah so what they're doing is they're in the lower they're
in like the third tier level and they just want to pump money in like get better players and move them up they want to get
up to the shl at some point so they're willing to pump in all this money get better players and
move them up at some of these old like swedish people don't want change they want to keep it
the way it is they have their club they want control so but that's the way it is interesting
little way over over yeah i mean you want to make
you want to make division one you want to make shl you don't want to be all svenskanian because
you want to get up there because then you get all the money but if these guys are already pumping
money and helping you stay in division one how are you not seeing this yeah it's it's wild it's a
wild story over here but send those guys to the minesies yeah exactly send those guys right to
the minesie i love that story um you want to move on right now
merles yeah i'm going to move on to barstool sportsbook and uh the score bet in ontario
we'll get into some action that you're seeing cover you know recap some of the stuff that we
did whether it was a month ago or whether it was through the month you're highly active obviously
the ebr mr ebr legend um and what we're looking at e of the Month, Armor Play, we've got everything coming for you.
And I've got some questions for you, too, just about gambling in general.
I'd like to run by you.
Well, I've got to pump our tires.
We swept the board again.
We hit the EBR, Farius dead.
They won 3-0.
It wasn't even really fun.
It was just a no-sweat winner for us.
And then the Armor, we hit our over.
That Edmonton-San Jose over, I mean, I think it ended up Edmonton 7-1.
Did San Jose get one at the end?
But that was a fun game to watch, though.
But we cashed both bets again.
Unbelievable.
Do you want to get right into the picks right now and then do some questions?
Yeah, yeah, let's get into our picks.
Let's get what we got.
Let's give the people what they come for
with regards to Barstool Sportsbook and Scorebet Ontario.
Merles, lay it down for us here.
This is your specialty.
I'm feeling pressure now going 3-0.
I got to get the 4-0.
Sweden's been working for us.
I'm staying in Sweden.
Skellefte, who I talked about, this young prospect, they're the best team.
They've won 15 straight games
at home. Now, this is
dropping Thursday. They play Thursday night at home
too, but I'm not going to touch
that game. It's the Saturday game.
Saturday,
it's against Linkping,
who I fade it in my game of the week
from the snowmobile video. You might remember
it.
They're not very good. Their goalie's really good, but the game of the week from the snowmobile video. You might remember it. They're not very good.
Their goalie's really good, but the rest of the team stinks.
Sheleftia at home, three-way.
Odds aren't out yet, but no matter what they are, we're hammering it.
Sheleftia wins that game in a laugher.
I love it.
I love it.
You're a Swedish legend.
You've got to get up.
People, you know, I think they know the program by now, G.
You've got to get up, get on Merle's social right away,
or Spit and Chicklets will check out that account as they retweet them and stuff,
or push it onto their stories with Merle's picks.
Because those games start at like 11 o'clock in the morning, right?
It can be 9 a.m.
9 a.m.
Yeah, sometimes you're tweeting those out at like 6 7 a.m you got to
set that 5 45 mer ebr reminder if you want to get your bets in if you want to get your winners in
winners yeah get your winners in merles give it to us again when is that that is saturday it's
going to be this saturday um i think it's early game i think it is going to be at 9 15 a.m we'll
be down in florida i'll make sure i'll make sure to have it out there Friday night
for everybody that didn't get to
watch in time. I get a lot of those
too. I'll tell them, like, oh, it's on
Game Notes. You've got to listen to it to get it.
They've got to have every excuse in the world.
I'm traveling. I'm at work. Just give me the pick.
I don't want to listen. I'm like, no.
Screw you. You've got to click on Game Notes.
You've got to get through it. You've got to love us.
You've got to be a fan. There's people charging big money online for picks.
We're giving them away free.
You've just got to listen to it.
You can't just hang out with us and think we're going to hook up.
It's got to be a process.
You've got to date us a little bit, and then you've got to hear all that we have to say.
Merle's has lots of good stuff to say.
Right, Mer?
Yep.
Yep.
And then armor play.
We've got no NHL this weekend, weekend no real games no no overs because it's
all-star weekend and i i love i we we got together and talked and i just absolutely love your
reasoning behind uh a couple of your picks well i just think you know like all-star break you
talked about when you went to like grand rapids and you're just like doing Jager bombs all the time.
That's what I hear, Jager bombs.
Jager bombs.
And, you know, what this kind of entails
and skills competition for these guys down there and everything.
But we're looking at the rosters,
and there's kind of a weird thing with the rosters now
with like Bo Horvat now going to the Islanders.
Of course, he made the All-Star game for Vancouver,
and now he's going over.
Beneers is out.
I don't know.
Did they replace? Yeah, Stevenson vegas stevenson from vegas so no one from from
seattle which is weird maybe they'll have to pump someone else in there like mccann or something but
now he's going over is he playing for the islanders now have we got a ruling on this at all
yet gee have anyone seen the last thing i saw they didn't know what to do yet yeah so we'll have to
wait and see what happens with that.
But looking at the Metro, they have a bunch of Russians.
When these Russians get together, they just hit up the vodkas hard, I think.
That's when I look at some of these teams, like the Metro.
And that's why me and Merles, if we're doing the armor this week
in the All-Star game, you have to take all this stuff into consideration
because it is kind of a crazy weekend.
And, Merles, we like and we settled on the Central.
Yeah, we got the Central beating the Pacific in the first game.
And then we got the Atlantic beating the Metro
just because they're going to have too many Russians boozing down there.
And, I mean, I'm going to be down there.
I will be, if I have have to i'll take some of
them guys out i will buy i'll deliver the pink whitney to the room or the big deal brew to the
room to make sure this gets taken care of and then like said we we settled on the central winning it
all over the atlantic in the finals and i i love your main reason on the central yeah the central
stacked it's got to be i look at look at their I look at their players and they're like exciting good players obviously um you know looking down
their lineup I'm going okay I can get behind that but then I look at their goaltending situation
and it's Hellebuck and and UC Soros uh just unbelievable goaltenders uh two guys that I
can't believe are a tandem going for this team right now
which i put like right over the top uh and why i'm leaning towards them taking it so central beats
pacific atlantic beats metro mark that down and then in central wins the final over the atlantic
murrells that's what we're going with uh armor's got three plays we're two and one on the year
this while we sweep the board here, we're 5-1.
I like it.
EBR would be 4-0.
We didn't just come up with these out of the year.
Me and Merle's researched the schedule.
We looked who's playing who.
We found all this stuff.
We looked at players.
We just used our brains to process and came up with the best outcome for these.
So I like that that i think we're
going to hit it people stay tuned do we have numbers on that at all or that's going to come
out maybe in a few days here leading up to uh all-star keep your eyes posted i keep looking
they haven't been updated but they won't be far off they'll be minus 110 minus 120 unless they
listen to us now on the show they'll'll probably screw us and change the lines,
which we've done before in Europe with some of these teams.
We'll tweet those out.
Merle's will be on that, obviously.
I'll be retweeting Merle's likely.
And so stay tuned for that All-Star weekend.
And you guys obviously going to be down there,
which I'm looking forward to.
So another road trip for the old Mer-Man,
which brings us to boys trip story of the month.
Merle's last time it was shown up to a baseball game when the game was over
because you were so bundled and destroyed on a trip.
It wasn't you.
It wasn't you.
It was another story.
Sorry.
I shouldn't have said that.
Make Merle's look like a complete clown show,
but Merle's this story is with you, isn't it?
Yeah, that's right.
This one does make me look like a clown.
I didn't want to have both weeks be like me.
But I was down.
This was after a season, end of the season bender.
You remember how that was when you played?
You're with your team for seven nights.
You just go hard.
So then I go down to New York City to meet up with all my buddies
for four or five nights.
And it's one of those where New York City is just out of control with the nightclubs.
They're open way too late.
We're all heroes doing the bottle service, so you're mixing your own drinks, just getting mangled,
so we go out all night Thursday.
Friday, we go out all day, all night.
This is where my problems started.
Saturday morning, we woke up for the Yankee day game.
And we just, no food, just right out to the stadium,
boozing, sitting in that 100-degree heat.
Not good.
All right, Matt, maybe Sunday, take care of yourself.
Nope.
Sunday, wake up.
We were at the Gansevoort.
You ever been there, Armie?
No.
The Gansevoort's got this rooftop pool bar.
Place is awesome.
Place is great. we we do a
sunday fun day there we're jumping in the pool bottle service we think we're heroes um piss it
in the pool wake up this wake up monday morning wake up monday morning i have uh root canals
scheduled back in troy two and a half hour drive so i'm panicking nine it's nine a.m like oh my
god i gotta go I gotta go.
I gotta go right now.
I gotta get there.
I can't miss these root canals.
I'm like, I can't believe I extended the trip
Sunday, fun day.
I'm an idiot.
So I jump in my truck and I'm driving
and I get out on the west side highway
and I don't even know what's going on
but every car's passing me.
I'm in the middle lane.
I'm like, what is going on here?
I look down, I'm going 30 miles per hour
and I'm afraid if I move or go faster,
I'm like gonna have a heart attack and like die.
So I call one of my buddies
and I tell him what's going on.
And he's like, dude, you gotta pull over.
He's like, pull over, park your car.
Like, this is bad.
So I pull over, I sit there.
He's like, dude, just,
I'm gonna call and cancel your appointment for you.
Stop worrying about that.
Go get a hotel, just relax.
So I'm like,'m all right leave my car
up on what a good friend amazing the mix the mix calls this place for me and i leave my car like
130th or something i wave down a taxi no ubers back then and i'm going i'm going and i'm like
nope don't feel good because i was trying to go all the way back to the gansevoort
which is that's way down and i make it to 76, and I'm like, nope, I'm getting out.
I see a Day's Hotel.
I'm like, let me out.
So I jump out of the cab.
I go into the hotel.
I'm staying in there.
I get a room.
I take a cold tub, a shower.
I try to lay down.
Nothing's really working.
I think I dozed off maybe 20 minutes.
It becomes around 7 p.m., and I'm like, oh, I feel pretty good. I'm going to go get my car
and bring it back to this day's hotel. So at least tomorrow morning when I wake up,
I got an easy exit. So I go there, I take the taxi, I get to the car and I'm like, oh,
I feel pretty good. I'm just going to drive home to Albany now. So I jump back in the truck,
I jump back on the highway. Everything's going great. i make it to yonkers i don't know rg what's that 10 more minutes 15 minutes from there probably 15 minutes
so same thing happens like anxiety like freaking out i pull over again i'll never forget i'm gonna
toys r us rest in peace toys r us parking lot i call i call a different buddy and i and explain
to him he's like dude just go get a
hotel i'm like fine i'm just gonna get another hotel so now i've been i'm going for my third
hotel of the day i went from the gansevoort to the day's hotel i go get a red roof in there was a
because that was right there i didn't have a choice i couldn't drive anywhere else so i get
a room with a red roof in i i i stay there overnight barely sleeping on and off. You know the cold sweats from the bender. Just pathetic.
Wake up the next day.
I start my drive.
And I'm telling you, Army, there's four or five rest areas on the way to Albany on the New York State Druway.
Every 30 minutes, I had to pull over and I would jump around, slap my face, drink water.
It was an absolute disaster.
It took me close to 40 hours to get home from New York City.
Two and a half hours.
That's how you do a boys trip.
That's why you'll hear, there's another story of me in Boston where I couldn't drive home
is why I don't drive anymore to a boys trip.
I just couldn't believe the levels of anxiety.
There's no eating, no sleep.
Calling everyone. You couldn't rest you kept having to drive like a mile and get another sorry if that went long people but it was it was a long
couple days for me too oh my god that just story just didn't quit though it was just like hilarious
and like the position you were in to try to get home. Double hotel room, multiple calls to friends to figure it out.
Can't drive for a two and a half hour drive.
Oh my God, what a spot you must have been in.
That made me cry, Merle.
Thank you for that.
Amazing story.
I hope the next trip you guys are on here to the All-Star game
is a lot smoother.
We don't come in.
I learned my lesson.
You got to drink water.
You got to sleep.
Get some sun, boys.
Enjoy the All-Star game.
Maybe G get some headway with the draft for us on the draft floor with Gary.
I know you talked to him a little bit here and there.
That would be awesome.
But, yeah, enjoy the festivities.
What's it again? You want to drop it
again? I know you guys did it on spit and
chiclets, but game notes, give it to the people again.
Yeah, we'll be at Bo's Pub from
1230 to 2 before the game
on Saturday in Fort Lauderdale. So come by,
have some Pink Whitney shots with us.
It's going to be a blast. And
hold me accountable. Call me a fat, ugly
piece of shit so I hit the gym.
Gee, let's get some beach runs in while we're down there.
I'm in.
Oh.
I always say that's one of our problems.
You guys will be like Rocky Balboa when they were training.
At what point do we have time to do beach runs on these fucking trips?
I don't know.
We got to get up early.
But it's so much easier in the warm weather when you can just go right outside your door.
We're in these cold weather places.
It's a lot tougher. So don't let biz make you feel guilty g he's out in arizona where it's
warm and it's easy to work out yeah i agree let's stick together though boys uh our next episode of
chicklets game notes will be when uh march 2nd march 2nd so stay tuned for that we got some time
off stay tuned to the boys You guys are banking some epic interviews
that'll be going on at the All-Star
game as well. Merles, travel safe.
A long way to go. Anything else to
add before we go, Merles?
I'll probably be putting some
pics out and some videos along the way.
It's a tough trip, but
it's all worth it once we get boots
on the ground in Fort Lauderdale and see all these guys.
The boys will be there ripping it up.
Tarps off top tarps optional,
as they say,
I imagine G keep your tarp on,
uh,
enjoy the trip,
enjoy the all-star festivities,
looking forward to catching all of it and,
enjoy fans,
enjoy interacting with these guys.
Uh,
when they're down there,
we're going to shut her down right now.
This has been episode four,
uh,
brought to you by Big Deal Brewing.
Thank you.
Tip a couple cold ones back down in South Florida, boys,
in Fort Lauderdale.
Hit the beach.
All right, thanks, everybody.
Enjoy.
Enjoy.
Enjoy.
