Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
All right, here we go. Episode 5, Chicklets Game Notes, Chicklets Nation. We are on Thursday,
March 2nd. This is dropping. Of course, we're recording this on wednesday and this episode
is presented by big deal brewing that rich beautiful golden ale gentlemen uh a lot has
happened in hockey in the last month a lot has happened with us in the last month it's been
absolutely batshit crazy across the hockey world all over the place nhl's popping off
g epic episodes merles i know you jumped in on some of them as well you've
been with the traveling circus i gotta hear about all of this i thought the last chicklets episode
just the other day was totally insane uh with like a random like you guys have a lot of hockey
guys on not a lot of like random dudes for a job interview and i thought that was awesome i'd love
to get into it we'll get into it maybe later in chicklets chatter but what's going on this last
month boys just insanity merles you're all over the damn place it was an epic trip started in
lauderdale went over to arizona i had a couple days to burn off so i went up to troy new york
my hometown i slid into the rbi alumni night and
big red freak out which is just a sold out disaster shit show so i i just kept the bender
going up there i rested for two days next thing you know i'm down in raleigh for the outdoor game
which that was one of the best experiences in hockey i've ever had um i i think they should
have the game every year because they have the
perfect weather they know how to tailgate it was just everything was perfect down there and um
i got shit packed the next day basically a body bag to sweden and i'm just starting to sleep normal
and and feel okay and and no travel hiccups no did you have any because i know that's no kind of
wits territory.
But for a guy like you that travels as much as you do and length of flights.
No, I got lucky.
And the hockey gods or the travel gods were looking out for me when I flew home from Carolina.
I booked the seat with a two-seater.
It goes 242 on those big planes.
And I booked one window with just the two just praying the guy
wouldn't come next to me nobody would book that seat and nobody did so i had full range for eight
hours you could you could have water and go pee you can stretch out don't really sleep good but
it's good to just be able to move around and like muck around like that did you pull like a lay down
move like g's a small guy he could probably done like a dog
roll up lay up lay down move do you ever do that g i can only sleep anywhere three seats yeah it's
nice so it's colby it's nice being a small guy because i can literally curl up in a ball like
you said and just i can fall asleep anywhere yeah i'm screwed i'm like six three my knees are rammed
like it's just not quality at all it's it's brutal but you guys yeah it's it's been it's
been crazy both you guys ripping that trip i'm not gonna lie i had a little fomo like missing
out on all the all the good times and all these great events like with the events i know you guys
have kind of covered it but like what was the great takeaway of just hanging out with the boys
another massive chiclet whirlwind uh just just ripping up merle's crushing content g all over
all the promotional stuff and uh just like a successful month yeah it was a wild it was a wild
wild couple weeks i mean the super bowl alone was just nuts being at barstool scottsdale every day
uh seeing ra dancing around at night in the club, I think is just like a one out of one experience to see R.A. dancing around in Old Town Scottsdale, the club music.
But, uh, it's been nuts.
And the craziest part about all this is, and I've mentioned this a few times, is I'm in the process of moving throughout all this.
So it's been like I'm coming, like if I come back to my apartment, I wish I'll show you guys here right now.
It's like, it is just shit everywhere.
And it's just the worst.
Isn't it the worst?
Moving's the worst.
And listen to this, Merles.
You'll get a kick out of this.
I'm just the ultimate, all-time biggest mush in the world.
So on Tuesday, I announced to the world I'm buying a place in Hoboken.
So the podcast goes live Tuesday morning.
About two hours after the podcast goes live,
basically like every water main in Hoboken explodes. The whole city of Hoboken doesn't
have water, hasn't had water for two days. They're in a state of emergency right now.
Just because I'm a mush and I mentioned I'm moving to Hoboken. Now the whole city's in a state of emergency.
That Barstool Sportsbook app will
get you through the tough times over there. You can live
with no water. You're going to be able to light that
everything. Especially with
your picks too. You've been killing it.
You've been hot, Murr. You've been running
hot, baby. You've been running
fucking hot.
What a legend, Murr, man. Just dropping
EBR picks for everyone. what did you mention on the
pod is this your ninth move in 10 years like you're not an old gentleman you're like you're
packing on the moves yeah it's it's insane merle we've been doing this our career right it sounds
like a like a low level minor eager like east coast p. Do you have, do you have a minivan?
Do you drive a minivan and just live, you should just live out of the van.
You get one of those, like those, what are they called?
Converter vans.
Converter, converted vans, like with a little kitchenette and everything in there.
You should get one of those, bud.
There's actually like a whole village.
It's somewhere here in New York where it's just like 50 vans just all parked
and everyone just lives in their van because i mean the reason i had to move is like rent is
out it's outrageous in this city now i can't afford it anymore so i'm excited to go to hoboken
barstool sports books i mean you're gonna be out of the you're gonna be out of the gong show right
you're gonna be in like a neighborhood neighborhood g just wheeling his little chihuahua for a walk down the street
a corgi they even cooler those things are really cool looking dog and then and then like sipping
on your lattes at your local coffee shop stop by the bread place pick up a loaf you know yeah
fresh made bread hey timmy hey hey jane hey just out for a walk you're like gonna be like spider
man when he was was all cocky,
wheeling down the street.
Absolutely.
Because right now I walk out of my apartment,
and I live right next to the World Trade Center.
So I walk out, and the second you walk out of my apartment,
it's just like families taking pictures, and no one speaks English,
and it's just like it's wild.
So I'm excited to go to a place where it's not
all tourists. And, uh, yeah, I'm, I'm excited. Can I be honest with you guys? The, one of the
main reasons I moved here, I made the decision to move here is for a while now I've, I've said,
like, I'm, I'd never moved to Hoboken. And then when we were, when we were in Hoboken,
when we were walking to the gambling house one time, Merle's looked around and he's
like, this place is awesome. Why don't you just live here? This place is great. So like when I
was going through the process of this, buying this house, I was like, apartment, I was like,
had Merle's in the back of my head the whole time. I'm like, this guy's lived everywhere.
If he thinks Hoboken's a good place to live, I trust this guy.
Yeah. I love it. Like when we do our next new york city
trip i want to just stay over there i'm i i hate staying in the city i love it's so quiet over
there nice little irish bars and good little spots like that i love i love the feel over there
well yeah we were when you guys kidnapped me on the initial start of of my tie with chick let's
say go g getting mental breakdowns from g immediately about
create my crazy brain and uh hanging out with you guys again i had to stop and meet you guys but
when we got over there g you were like i we were walking down the sidewalk we're like actually in
a it's like a completely different world we're in a neighborhood it's like a 10 minute ferry ride
20 minutes it felt like anyway and we got over there and it's just like oh here we are okay
we're just wheeling down streets then after the after we're in the cave we went over some beers
a little pub hanging out with the yans uh and and uh it was just like that's that's where you want
to live right that's like most you're moving up most bars per capita in america so that's nice
unbelievable army i want to i know the chicklets guys like
they chopped our legs here on game notes and got some quebec stories but enough about us like i
want to hear a little bit about quebec and i will i will i'm going to do quebec i want to ask you
about rpi though i sent out some tweets when you were there for that yeah and it's cool like you
know you go back to your old stomping grounds where you're a legend um and i put out some tweets like like they should retire you you know they should retire your jersey
the captain the man is back like what was the reception like how did you feel were you fucking
legendary were there old people there like you know boosters or anyone that was like oh merles
good to see you back were the boys loving it it was a complete whirlwind like i had a lineup
perfectly my flight left arizona at seven in the morning with wit and was a complete whirlwind like i had to line up perfectly my flight left
arizona at seven in the morning with wit and flew back and i and like talk about the travel i never
really told anybody i was coming because i was like if i say it i'll get jinxed on the travel
it lined up perfectly i landed 6 15 in albany and seven o'clock the game was a puck was dropped
so i got picked up i rushed it rushed and dropped my bags i jumped in my brother's
car with his kids they got their hair painted red for the big red freak out we drive over there
we get into the game we get in like five minutes into the game they're already scored they're
already up one nothing place is buzzing and i don't know i'm kind of just a mess like i've
traveled eight hours today just kind of hanging around my brother's like when are you going on
the ice for the alumni thing i'm like oh i don't know i didn't hear back from the guy i'm like it must be second
and third period so it's packed and next thing you know you hear uh from the 1954 class here's joe
whatever his name is you know here's here's dan rancor from 1946 team my bro's like you idiot you
got to be over there they're putting you guys out there now.
So I'm running.
And the way I describe it is like, you remember the Seinfeld where there's like the fire and
he's pushing little kids out of the way.
That's what I'm doing.
If you know the RBI.
You wanted to get your flowers.
You wanted to get the cheers.
You're just racing for the cheers.
This RBI rink is very unique.
Like all the walking is in right around the, and then the stands go up from there.
So there's all these people down there.
I'm pushing.
Oh, I got to get out there.
I get out there.
So I come running through.
And a lot of the guys didn't know I was coming.
I'm like, hey, where's class of 2002 go?
And they're like, what the hell, Merles?
What are you doing?
I just saw you were in Arizona.
And I'm like, what are you doing here?
And I made it.
I made it.
I was the very last guy.
I got out there.
I got a little reception.
And then we didn't see much more of the game. and i i made it i was i made a very last guy got out there got a little reception and then uh let's
go you know we didn't see much more of the game you know the alumni go and have a few beers
together and then we check back in and on the game but um did you have fun like ebr and stuff
where people like check let's game no it's like anything like that yeah there was a couple it was
funny it was like a couple little kids that came and took my picture with me and he's like my dad loves the podcast and it's like you guys know i was an all-american here like
right no no like all they know me for is chiclets so it's oh yeah check the game notes parents are
going crazy for it glad you got a reception glad you made it for that i love following it on socials
you guys have been so damn busy and my busy time came when I was gone for like 10,
12 days to the Quebec Peewee tournament.
I got on chiclets a week and a half ago now and kind of gave like a,
what do you guys call it?
I'm the same as biz.
Cole's notes.
Cliff notes.
Cliff notes.
Cliff notes.
I'm pulling a total biz with the Canadian angle on that.
That's a biz move right there.
But yeah, it was yeah it was it was
everything you you explained and more merles like it was honestly so cool i couldn't imagine seeing
it through the eyes of a 12 year old that what that experience was like just the the meaningful
games of that tournament the teams that were there uh the amount of teams that were there
kids everywhere just an absolute gong show so we started off with like a 16 hour bus trip and this is a tradition with the pens program i guess they take um a bus and i know
we talked about like the rule with no booze on the bus i was getting into the booze i was drinking
beers then i switched over i had some bourbon classy dad move on the bus you gotta have it and
then it was like a godsend when we got there
because the entire tournament we had a bus as parents and family so going to all the games
because our kids billeted they got dropped off at games um from the billet so it was like bus you
know say we had 11 o'clock game bus 9 30 we had their equipment we had an extra room where we dry
it out so i went packed up my kids shit got down to the bus loaded up
everyone's on there and we just would go to the games all the entire tournament whether it was an
exhibition game or actual tournament game so the bus was like awesome getting a snow tubing getting
all that stuff now we got in huge mistake in my opinion we left at 6 30 at night when we went down there from pittsburgh and we got in guys at 7 a.m 7 a.m
in quebec obviously there's no fucking hotel rooms ready to roll they're not checking us in
it's a gong show so my parents got in there the day before so they had a room and i was like i
was dead right i was like oh my god i need to sleep i need like two three hours for sure so
me and my kid go up to my parents' room and sleep.
No one else has that though.
Everyone else has to go ripping around.
So they go to the outdoor rink.
I missed out on all this because I'm like, I needed sleep.
Everyone, I finally wake up, get down to the outdoor rink with my kid.
Everyone's kind of wrapping up.
The rink down there is just bustling down on this main drag at Carnival.
There's kids in jerseys.
It's just a gong show.
It was so cool.
So much snow.
And then you get down to this little outdoor rink and all of our parents are just, just at carnaval there's kids in jerseys it's just a gong show it was so cool so much snow and they
get down to this little outdoor rink and all of our parents are just just liquored just liquor
dale like right up they're just because you can walk around like boozing down there merles like
you said so i go right from there i go to carnaval buddy there it is and you saw the video here it is. And you saw the video. Bonhomie. Here it is. Bonhomie, as you called him.
Bonhomme, the main guy, the mascot for the carnival.
I got the walking stick.
I went with a hot toddy.
I didn't go with the caribou.
I wasn't a caribou guy.
I was more of a hot toddy guy.
But I'm telling you, they fill it up.
It's steaming hot.
You touch it, it's like so hot.
I'm drinking out of this thing.
Look at this thing.
I'm drinking, walking.
Same luck as 1993, the one my dad still has down at his office i'm the didn't change a thing buddy it's still
everything's the same it's great everything's the same it was it was crazy but i'm drinking
this walking around it's cold in like in like two minutes my hot toddy is now just a cold toddy
because it's like freezing cold out there so i'm just drinking this thing it's like freezing cold out there. So I'm just drinking this thing. It's like 60 bones to fill this sucker up.
I feel like too.
So like, you know, it's pretty pricey.
Was, uh, was everything pricey up there?
Like how was it?
Like just restaurants and shopping?
Was everything super expensive?
I don't know if it was just cause of the carnival that it was like, it seemed that way, but
obviously in Canada, like booze is so expensive.
Like going back home in the summers, I was so jealous when I talked to Murr earlier and
like playing Wilkes with him. And we'd be like like go to like the bar and it'd be like a
dollar for a beer and i'm like this is sick you know and then i go home and i get like a beer in
canada it's like 10 bones you know it's just like you know seven bucks for a beer just and go buy
the liquor store buy booze it's like it's it's quadruple american prices i'd be so much richer
if i lived in the states when i was you know younger going boozing and stuff it's like it's it's quadruple american prices i'd be so much richer if i lived in the states when i
was you know younger going boozing and stuff it's just such a big difference maker but the experience
was unreal the one thing i will say merles and you can tell me about this the pin trading that
i talked about was absolutely insane and the thing that they do there guys gee is they have all these
old fucking dudes that are collectors that are set up in like
the far corner at the videotron with their tables and their pins like it's kind of like i'm like
what the what the fuck is this you know like are they from quebec or do they travel there for this
they're from quebec and like long time hardcore fans of the tournament they have pins from like
all the way back i was looking for wits team i was looking for their team pin because i thought it'd be cool to have on the show to show that i got it but um
they're like bartering with 12 year olds like you know these kids don't know what they're doing you
know they're trying to learn so when i was there it was the trading cards and they were selling
the trading cards of every player for like five dollars a pack you'd go to mcdonald's yeah there it is and you could go to
mcdonald's and you would buy the pack at mcdonald's for five dollars and that's that's awesome g that
was the bartering back then there was no pins yet this is 1993 there was really no pins the pins you
would trade with the other team before the game we also had like frisbees and t-shirts when we
come out for warm-ups we throw those to the fans we have syracuse stars frisbees and t-shirts when we'd come out for warmups we'd throw those to the fans
we had Syracuse Stars frisbees we'd be ripping up to give to the fans like every team did that
and so then this was 93 and then by 95 I went back for Timmy Conley had done this is going to
be his third year they were favorites to win it and my dad had a team Uncle Sam's it was 1981
birthday and by this time the car trading was gone and it was
more about the pin and it was like a swinging dick thing who had the biggest pin yeah so
they're like belt buckles yeah so syracuse had a pretty good size one because they knew they
were going to be good my dad's team was brutally at this little tiny uncle sam one but uh those
are brutal they got dusted first game but we had
uncle sam up there as a like a mascot full guy dress head to toe as uncle sam and and i wanted
the reason i bring this up is um we put on a show my dad's team uncle sam's and uh all the
international teams wanted to play us because we were troy uncle sam's everybody wants to play the
american team so we got so that's what i you missed that
on on on chiclets because you guys didn't know that if you lose in the first round yeah stay
you you have your hotel book and then you just you you schedule exhibition games to fill the time
so that was so yeah that's what you did so now what they do is there's like everyone slotted
versus a team you win you go to the winning side and you get to stay in the
videotron center you lose you go to the loser side that was the same lose it now you can't
lose a game yeah but you have to go all the way through game you're not gonna yeah but you're not
gonna drive back to pittsburgh you already booked the hotel so that's when you do the exhibition
game so that's what the uncle sam did and we just put on a show with all these international teams
and and the reason i bring this up and i I've had this, I've been like,
I was like, oh, I wish I was on that Army interview
because my dad is like pretty much guaranteed a bid whenever he wants one
because of that performance.
And the Syracuse, we have really good connections up there.
I have a nephew that's a 2011 birthday.
He's not a AAA player, so it's not like every team's calling for him but i want to give him this experience i want to get a team
up there i wish i could have joined you guys this year because you ran into a couple my friends
flipper oh i ran in all the rochester people buddy oh my god yeah oh yeah it was just unbelievable talking to them sharing stories
a lot of them came up they're like oh are you the guy you're with merles right on chicklets game
notes i'm like yeah they're like oh my god he's the best guy and you're a popular figure out there
merles so i want to go back i want to coach a team i i already put in the word with my dad like make
the call up there to patrick dom Quebec Peewee tournament director.
I want to get a team.
I met,
I know him.
I will stack the team.
I'll find players from all over the world.
Mer,
does that,
does that mean you'd be moving back here?
I,
I,
well,
I mean,
I'll find a way to be back there for that week,
but I'm,
I,
I heard how excited biz and RA were about this tournament.
I mean,
put it, call it, I'll get the bid and we'll
just call it chiclets like it's spitting chiclets we'll have a full team up there we'll film it 24
7 24 7 about the behind the scenes of the whole team all the drama coaches biz on the d door
on the front door ra and grinnell are up in the skybox watching all the game working all the
parents sleep.
Can you imagine Chicklets has a team
at the Quebec Peewee tournament next year?
Can you imagine the swag
we'd be thrown out on the ice?
Like Ryan Kessler's Detroit Red Wings team,
Little Caesars,
but they came as the Red Wings
and we ended up, you know,
going through the tournament and losing.
And to your point about the Uncle Sam's mascot
dancing around in your time
and putting on a clinic and a show,
these guys pulled out an octopus from like a Ziiploc bag they throw it on the ice when the teams are lined up at the blue
line one of the coaches comes out off the team grabs the octopus gets the crowd going like this
he's going like this and yeah merle swings it in his head like they do like in the nhl it was
honestly that was so sick and then they do the pin trading thing to start the game,
and then the game's on.
But yeah, we had an awesome time, awesome experience.
There was a giant snowstorm there the morning of one of our games.
It was like a 9 o'clock game, and it was like 8.20,
and our bus got stuck.
We got stuck in an intersection making a right-hand turn,
and there's so much snow.
We had a guy on our team our assistant
coach cal verbeek the son of pat verbeek the gm of of anaheim ducks he's assistant coach helping
out this year he just moved to pittsburgh he's out there with a hockey stick obviously we don't
have he's shoveling the snow out so it can gain traction under all the wheels and we end up getting
loose it took like 15 minutes we're this close to going to push
it and we got out got to the game the game before us went to overtime too so there's like a delay so
we we were we were okay but um we beat a team we hadn't beaten a while all year we lost twice to
them in two games beat them we uh we beat one of the best teams in western canada north shore
winter club which is uh bedard's old team beat them we beat
the montreal junior canadians which i think is one of the best teams in quebec and then we played
kessler's team little caesars detroit red wings and zero zero boys the greatest crazy zero zero
game ever on the edge of my seats i was crushing this thing i was absolutely crushing this thing. Super dad. Give us a blow. I'm going to give you guys one.
I was absolutely going nuts.
My wife was posting stuff.
I was retweeted.
It was awesome.
Super dad.
My move was five Caesars a game because they serve booze at the games too.
Boys, they serve the booze.
The beers are flowing.
Parents are just drinking at the games. And I would sit in my same spot now listen to this this is one
of the coolest things ever i think it was really sweet uh of this man he's an older man he's
retired the rink we went to on day one he's the caretaker of the rink so he's down there he floods
it he shovels it he takes care of it he skates all day with everyone he
doesn't come off the ice the guy's just an absolute machine he's an older guy too so he's in like
really good shape i met him that the rank that day he came to every one of our games in the
tournament he sat next to me i was slapping he he didn't know much english he would just say oh good
hockey sense good oh yeah well he's watching he likes he's just like loves hockey this guy and he would come he'd sit next to me and i just every time we scored i'd give him a high
five or something like he was loving it and he'd come to every game and all of us parents merles
you know this gee when you start something you got to do the same thing every time every parent
had the same seat i sat by myself in this one row the old french guy next to me on the other side
right here and i had my horn
i had caesars i had parents going to get me caesars they know i have to get to my five drink minimum
just to keep the good times rolling just to be super hockey fan dad and i don't i'm not super
hockey fan dad all the time like i'm i don't do any of that so i was like you know what we're here
i got caught up in the moment of quebec just the experience unbelievable our bus got stuck you know snow storms i went snow tubing we ate all the food i'm never eating poutine again
sauces on everything boozing like crazy it was just an awesome time so merles g let it let me
know if we're if this is serious for next year because it doesn't have to be triple a merles
even like we could go with your nephew and and we could go in the AA division.
Right?
And we got a posh who can make stuff, and we'll get crews to a 2011 birth certificate
so you can come back.
Oh, I got to get them back there.
But I mean, so Chiclets cucked us on your Quebec stories, but we get to cuck them on
these huge trays that happened, which is awesome.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. huge trays that happened which is awesome oh my god oh my god i mean in in less than 24 hours
merles everything went absolutely insane didn't it it was it was just lunacy unbelievable
unbelievable we all we all knew a few of these were happening like you you heard kane was going
but you never know until it's it's final and i go this is unbelievable it's unbelievable for for
hockey for him to be there going to a team that's already loaded i love it yeah switching
switching now we'll go to the trade talk right this is you know a little trade talk segment
merles and and you called kane i mean when did you october start of the year this is months ago
preview on the on the mothership chicklets.
I called that.
It would happen at the deadline.
A lot of people called it would happen before that and blah, blah, blah,
but I predicted at the deadline.
Let me send to that clip right now.
I'm still on the, they're going to get Patrick Kane at the deadline
to play with Panarin again, and that's going to make them make the push.
Wow, what a prediction.
That's it.
That happens. again and that's gonna that's gonna make them make the push what a prediction that's it that happens that will be one of the bigger moments in trade history of the nhl and there it is merles
merles with the call the the legendary merles here he is he strikes again that was a good one and then
the one i i like i want to watch connor mcdavid i want to watch connor mDavid. I want to watch Conor McDavid all spring, all summer.
I want them to go to the finals.
They needed a big, tough D-man.
Eckholm, who I blogged about to get, they got him.
Feel bad for Tyson Berry, good guy, who I think could have still helped the Oilers.
But Eckholm is the kind of guy they needed.
They needed a defensive defenseman.
So that's another one of my favorite trades. Here, I can read that full trade for you guys. It was the Edmonton Oilers
acquired Matthias Exholm in a sixth round pick in the 2024 NHL draft from the Nashville Predators
in exchange for Tyson Berry, forward Reed Schaefer, a first round pick in the 2023 NHL draft,
and a fourth round pick in the 2024 NHL draft yeah yeah yeah this is this is awesome and
and you know going into this deadline too i think the the greatest thing that was said was uh
breezebaugh in tampa bay when he was talking about you know how he values his picks and stuff and you
know what they want nhl guys they value guys that are there already right now that they know
they know percentages of guys that actually hit and have careers or make a difference and i thought that
was like great clarity to what we're seeing right now with some of these teams and maybe you know
they had to explain a little bit with with what they gave up for juneau right but we've seen them
do this before when they were winning cups right when they went out and got their whole third line
completely recalibrated and got guys
that they want.
When they want a guy, they go get them.
They don't care about the other stuff.
It's go, it's go time for them.
They know their core is rock solid.
And Ekholm, I think you're right.
Like he's a terror to play against.
Like he's, he's, he's a little ugly out there, kind of lanky, sloppy, stay at home, shut
down.
He can produce a little bit, but he's absolutely the cross-check king of the NHL, Merle.
He plays with a crowbar, that guy, and he's just pounding you with cross-checks.
So they got a little bit of nastiness on the back end with a proven guy that's had runs,
that was in Nashville for, what, 10 years, and comes over, and he's going to be that
kind of rock steady guy
that they need on the back end.
And that's what I do.
He's a winner.
He won in Sweden and then Nashville is always a winning team.
Some of these other guys, like, you know,
you're getting them from a losing team usually,
a losing culture, a losing guy.
This guy's a winner.
And that's what Edmonton needs.
They need that.
He covers, he checks a lot of boxes
as they say yeah i want to go back two boys to the leafs again like kyle dubas is going insane
like biz little busy boner got a little blue boner going for the leafs i bet right now and dubas
and dubas i don't know if he talked to someone else or someone got in his ear about guys to get, but he made another couple moves and, you know, he lost Sandin, but he went and added Luke Shen.
You know, they've added Lafferty, they've added O'Reilly, they've added McCabe.
You know, they've kind of spruced up their team in a way that with character guys, I think,
that can slide in. Like, this is unbelievable what dubas is doing your guys's take on it because the leafs forever have
been like the kings of like the marlies are awesome we've got picks look how many picks we have oh my
god you were so smart so they went they're going for it they're really going for it i i saw frank
saravelli brought up a really interesting point on his daily show where he said that
he talked to an NHL GM who told him that if a first round pick, if you're picked after
the 24th pick in the first round, there's a 2.4 chance that you'll play more than 100
games in the NHL.
So kind of going back to like that Tanner Jeneau trade, or even talking about
the Leafs where they're okay with dishing off these first round picks. It's kind of like when
you do the math and you look at the numbers, it's like 2.4. I'd rather take a guy like Tanner
Jeneau or a guy like Jake McCabe and Sam Lafferty who were proven as opposed to risking it on those
picks. And I didn't even mention Achari as well yeah and you're right that
that is so that's so bang on right i i i think that's so bang on and identifying you know what
your core is and then identifying if you're good and you're set then what you need and i i just
think it's a no-brainer and you know i think there's some teams we're waiting to see what
happens too still right there's some teams that we're not sure if they've done enough, even teams that need to sell off.
But the Leafs definitely, like, I mean, I tweeted like the Leafs are going off because it's just
been in the last week and then the other day, just some more trades. And I think meaningful,
meaningful guys in key situations that play a certain style that are good team dudes that fit in and understand it
too which i think is is so key in in bringing in certain guys too can i ask you guys a question uh
you just mentioned teams that you know we're still waiting on in teams that might not have
done enough already i want to get your take on the carolina hurricanes guys like what's what's
going on with don waddell jesse pull yarvey's really the only thing they've got so far yeah i don't i don't mind that the guy's got talent obviously it didn't go as planned
in edmonton but now he's going to go to a completely different style of hockey and you know
he doesn't have two superstars that he's gotta like be nervous about feeding the puck to i'm
interested to see how that goes he could he could be uh
a great pickup for them how many fins do they have there too they have like three for sure right like united nations team down there they're all jacks russians fins a lot of fins a lot of fins so i
think he'll fit in that way big body guy plays hard like his puck polish isn't super great at like
creating or making plays and then his finish hasn't been i would say yeah as advertised from
when his draft year was it's like everyone's waiting for him to pop he's still kind of like
a gangly baby deer a little bit at times um or baby giraffe if you want to say that but
you know with with with uh you know um uh what's his name uh getting hurt his achilles
again patch patch ready you think like like where your team's at the juggernaut that they are you
know the depth that every position that they were that they would go get like a horse guy
like they would get someone in there to replace that big punch of goal scoring and i i kind of
feel like it's underwhelming a little bit right now
for what they've done, for what they are,
and what every other team has done in looking at it.
So I think it's justifiable.
Like the tweets going out, like wit, like Don Waddell, wake up.
It's great.
But yeah, and then to go to another team,
G, you tweeted the Flyers, right?
Like, what are the Flyers?
What are they going to do?
What are they?
Where are they?
Who are they?
Colby, I was saying this to Merle's beforehand,
and I made a TikTok about this,
but I have a theory that surrounds Conor Bedard
and the Philadelphia Flyers
that I don't know why it's not happening.
So when you
see the return that Tanner Janot just got, it makes no sense to me why every middle of the
pack low-end team isn't dealing off every asset they have. So when it comes to the Flyers, you
have Kevin Hayes, Justin Braun, Ivan Provenok, James Van Riems, like all these guys who are
potentially on the market.
If I'm the Philadelphia Flyers, I'm selling everything right now.
I'm selling absolutely everything.
I'm tanking the rest of the season as worse as I've ever tanked in my entire life.
And I'm making an attempt to get that Conor Bernard pick.
Because if you think about it, why wouldn't the NHL... We always talk about how the lottery's rigged.
Why wouldn't the NHL want Conor Bernard in Philadelphia?
It's one of the biggest sports markets in America.
He'd be on TV, national TV, every night at a reasonable time,
unlike Conor McDavid, who's on at 11.30 Eastern every night.
It just makes all the sense in the world.
Why wouldn't the Flyers go all in on this tank to try to get Conor Bernard?
I think it could happen.
I think it should. I think they should, right? Because it's like, they're not really,
like Isaac Radcliffe, they moved the other day. Isaac Radcliffe, I believe he's a first round
pick of theirs too. So it's like, if you're going to move him, if you give it up, how many other
guys are not panning out that you've drafted as well like would you go as far to say carter heart
too like i saw a rumor proverov's like the only rumor right now but what what are they going to
do if they have guys that they haven't panned out or they don't like or or you got aging contracts
of somebody something like of someone that can help like i don't know it's just it's just
underwhelming lose all his value if he has one more bad season? Yeah.
That's kind of the question.
I tell you who's been tanking good.
And people who try to say there's no tanking, yeah, maybe the players.
Yeah, of course, these young players are trying to score.
But Chicago Blackhawks the other night, Elio was furious about it.
He couldn't understand why the coach didn't pull the goalie sooner.
It was a game against Anaheim.
And that's maybe one of their bigger competitors.
He had to make sure they weren't going to come back in that game.
Chicago goes and loses to the Ducks.
They go down to Arizona.
They lose again.
Like, that's how you tank.
You lose to the other competitors.
You don't pull your goalie.
Maybe you throw the guys a couple grand the night before Phoenix,
go out and have a team dinner.
You know what's going to happen when that goes, and uh chicago is doing it right right now did you guys see when uh the arizona when uh clayton keller was asked about their when they went on that like seven
game point streak did you guys see how he responded his response was something along the lines of
yeah i can't imagine the gm's too happy right now oh yeah i saw that i saw that i saw that
yeah he's he's pissing off a lot of people right now with what they're doing down there yeah
yeah for sure and you know what's going to happen with chikrin too he's a guy that's been like
dangling you know for a few years i feel they've been dangling you know he seems to be banged up
a lot but still a good quality young defenseman that you know seems to be coveted by a lot of
teams just what what's it going to take to get it done?
And, you know, I think Merles was at the rumor kind of in Edmonton before Atcom went there.
I know you're looking for D for Edmonton.
You want that run, baby.
Get Checker in too.
I want to get Checker in.
They got to get Vemelka.
Get both Vemelka and him from Phoenix and go on a serious run.
But we got to talk about probably the most shocking trade
of all of them there he's he's an original everybody rides guy too jonathan quick i grew
up uh training with him he's an ebr like he used to have everybody rides on his helmet because he
grew up with the same coach as me jason pagney who gave us that slogan i cannot believe they
traded him so the columbus blue jackets acquired goalie Jonathan Quick, a conditional first round pick in the 2023 NHL
draft and a third round pick in the 2024 NHL draft from the Los Angeles Kings in exchange for
Vladislav Gavrikov and goalie Jonas Corposalo. You know, this was popping off last night on our
little group chat, hey, and biz was all over LA's's got to get a guy they should get chikara and they need to do this and i was like they're young
they're good their guys are still locked up like dowdy and uh kopi got like you know a year left
a couple years left and um you know deno's locked up long term like you're okay like do you really
need to and he's like oh they're the best team they're so tough i kept bugging them that they play like a one one three four check like just shut down defense um but they decided to do that and then
the big thing is and you know it's it's they did a big ceremony for dustin brown and a statue and
honored him and then you look at a guy like quick whose whose comments after where I think he was, he's, he's not, not too happy, right?
He's not too happy.
Veteran guy was everything to this organization, winning Stanley Cups, uh, his performances
and what he did for LA.
And, you know, he's going to Columbus.
Top five city though.
Yeah.
You love Columbus G.
Love it.
G's all in on Quick and columbus love it i can
see him retiring instead of reporting to columbus he's got he's got his what do you guys think about
this johnny's pizza he's got the pizza oven he always talks about everyone knows is famous he's
just going to retire and sell the pizza from there yeah just a veteran guy that you didn't expect for
them and like a legacy kings guy that you don't expect that kind of move to happen
with,
with him,
but brash move by the Kings to,
to do that.
Like,
do you think,
and it was kind of done late last night.
Do you think it was like,
we'll just sweep this under the rug a little bit late,
late night.
So the most interesting part about the whole thing was,
was how it was after a win,
Ante Kopitar had four goals and they said that like the whole thing was was how it was after a win ante copetar had four goals and they
said that like the locker room was distraught basically after the game like everyone was just
like visuably visuably upset so it makes you think like a team that's about to go on a playoff run
like is that the move you want to make do you want to disrupt the locker room like that i i that and
that's why you can't like fault uh carolina for not doing
anything too crazy like they're buzzing right now it's a weird different little place down there
it's a different game they're playing don't mess with it too much i thought the same with the
bruins like do you really want to mess too much with it you're you're going or love a couple
snipes the other night too he looks incredible boys just snuck out the craziest game ever what did monty say after that flames came he said i feel bad that they didn't get the
win like he he won the game as the head coach and felt bad for calgary that like they they went
through that like 50 some shots on goal just absolutely dominating and then come out on the other side hockey can be a cruel
mean bitch can't it some nights as we as we all know but uh who's left out there like who who's
still looking what do you expect maybe we'll go to merlster domus for some more action here before
friday something i can use because boys i'm heading up to toronto for for roger sports net i'll be
in studio and i believe old busy boy will be in there with me we'll be just uh you know merles
you'll have to get on the chat give us some scoops give us the news you have to fuck with biz
you gotta mess with them and be like hey busy busy i just got a text chikrin to pittsburgh
is happening right right before you come back be be like, hey, you got to break this one.
Because you know Biz will just grab it right away and be like,
boys, Chikrin's going to Pittsburgh.
It's happening.
You got to do it.
When he's all serious analyst Biz, when he'll go to that guy, it'll be great.
Yeah, I got to get him something.
Just a brutal insider thing that doesn't pan out.
Watch him get me with one.
I think I'm a genius.
What other big pieces are left for you guys for Friday?
This is what I have written down here.
Besser's been rumored.
Carlson kind of Greer.
Said no Carlson, but you never know in the dying minutes.
Klingberg is a guy.
Anaheim hasn't really done that much, really, right?
They've eaten some salary.
They haven't.
Yeah, Gibson.
Yeah, Gibson I want to see go somewhere.
Yeah, we'd love to see Gibson. Heck yeah ronald yeah they need a goalie right that's
the question mark for toronto right now how are they gonna maybe they're happy i don't know um
dumba always seems to be in in conversation and you know i don't know what minnesota and
is is is gonna do there a guy i'm interested in here for Pittsburgh is Max Domi. Now, if Chicago
really wanted to do it right, they would move him. He's one of the few guys on the team that's
lighting it up this year and playing really determined hockey and, you know, I think could
come in and be like a spark in the depths of Pittsburgh's lineup. It'd be interesting to see
what happens there. But Max Domi, those are some of the names that I have on the list, um, of, of remaining
names that hasn't dropped already because it's been, uh, it's been a, a monsoon of trades
leading up to the deadline.
Like just insane.
Anything you can see Merle's of anything happening here, boys, you hearing anything, any buzz?
Uh, I, I mean, Pittsburgh's got to make one move at least.
Um, I got a feeling the Islanders are going to make one more move um the west the west is wide open that's why i think la went for it
it's wide open edmonton sees it's wide open yeah of course colorado is number one but
um i don't have any like i can't make a prediction on anyone where anyone will land right
now yeah it's kind of uh you get down to the end and i don't know if teams just want more for for
guys or certain things but um speaking of colorado i did call them you know when we went through some
of these teams went in the division they're two points out of it now without landis cog macar had been out
has been out and uh i think they were like eight one and one without macar it recently too like
they're just absolutely on fire right now and they're closing in on taking that division again
and and when i made that prediction i think they were 10 12 points out of first place so they've
closed the gap heavily and obviously i think maybe the guys in the west
once they saw the east go for it once they saw colorado crank it up a bit after all-star break
they're going okay uh maybe we'll make a few moves but i don't know what we are right now
so wouldn't hate to see tyler bertuzzi go there i mentioned it on the last chicklets people were
quick to say you know they're not moving him and I think now with all the moves made in the East, I think Detroit needs to take a long, hard look in the mirror, realize they aren't a
contender and get something for Bertuzzi now before it's too late. And Colorado seems like
the perfect match. Yep. They just got their show run in a two game series versus Ottawa.
Oh my. I'm a wings guy. I have the, I have the future on their over points i would have loved them in the
playoffs they just got completely dominated by ottawa now ottawa is tied with them i would like
ottawa to make the playoff before i'd like detroit now just the way those two games when that was
has switched they showed up they didn't show up at all they didn't show up in the two biggest
games of the year you hear what newsy you hear what? Newsy was mad at his team. You could see Ottawa was playing like it was playoffs. Could Chuck challenge the whole bench to a fight?
What the hell is that?
Merles, what do you do in that situation?
You go fight him and get beat up.
Yes.
Who gives a shit?
What are we doing here?
That's like, what the hell is this?
I can't believe it.
No one, no one?
Nobody?
Not one guy?
So that shows you're done.
Sell off the guys. still try to get over
those 85 points for me though i need that future don't sell everyone just one guy maybe but uh
still hang in there way to go uh yeah absolutely electric week of hockey here recently uh electric
months some great storylines boys i want to take it back a little bit though i
want to get into some uh chiclets chatter i know we were just kind of briefly talking about that
gee i want to ask you and murls because murls you were there he brought up your name this fake gm
joe uh the job interview which was great wit was given grilling him with some great questions
uh the reaction from that i would love to know from you know because busy left it open busy
seemed to really like them um but like what's what's what's going on with this i found it to be
highly entertaining and i was just amazed like i was i was brought into that to that job interview
and i have so many more questions and i have so many thoughts and i'll let you guys take it but
and i'll go with an idea I have later.
I think the way we went into it was kind of like,
let's get an entertaining interview out of this kid.
Let's see the leaps and bounds he went through to become the fake GM of this bar.
And then I think at the end, I talked to Biz on the phone,
and we were kind of all just talking.
We're like, wow, that kid, he came off really likable.
He came off as like a really hardworking kid that just wanted to, you know, do something nice for the boys.
One thing that did weird me out a bit was when he was just like talking and he's like, yeah, you know, I wanted to,
was just hoping, you know, I could maybe get into you guys' Uber and then maybe like come into your suite at the game
and, you know, come out with you guys.
And you're like, Witt was like, whoa, whoa.
Strike, I think Witt said strike.
Or maybe did I put your name on my hotel room or something?
Like, so yeah, I think overall, like I think it went well.
I think Kid's clearly a hard worker.
I think there's a lot of stuff behind the scenes
that I think obviously people don't really consider
that we'd have to go through to get this kid in the mix.
But overall, entertaining interview, entertaining kid,
and we'll see what happens.
Yeah, I met him right
away he had a usa hockey hat on so i remember like oh what's that he told me he was a ref
and then he was telling me about like yeah i was trying to work for the islanders and they didn't
want to hire me but i mean i mean we had we had a long weekend it was noon we had a high i had a
couple high noons in me and uh do you remember merles do you remember the work i remember like
the the venue yeah i remember everything and i was like oh i'm like kind of random that this
like hockey guy is like in charge of this bar here and but i mean i'm just you're buzzing around like
there's a million things going on and it didn't really stop and think about it at all but
uh one funny part i thought of the whole interview was he's
like yeah i was in the elevator with you all right we had a good conversation all right he
couldn't remember a thing um i thought that was funny and the the thing is yeah some of those
are unorganized but i feel like that's what barstool is like it's supposed to be a little
crazy to make that like yeah that's not like how biz has the thing like that's that's why it's cool
that's why chicklets is cool because the guys are right in there we don't want like a proper
setting and like fully organized we're we're muckers we want to be around there and for the
people we want some chaos yeah i think what one person we need to talk to i think two people we
need to talk to is ashley from the events team at Barstool to see how much he actually
did and the actual GM of the bar. Cause like, imagine if like this kid and he like, like he did
a great job, but like, imagine if he's just lying about all this and like, he didn't get the t-shirts
on the, on the bartenders and he didn't get there at 10 AM. Like we need somebody to vouch for this
kid. Yeah. Is he even a ref for the ACHA?
Like he was trying to talk him.
Oh, I believe he is.
I've gotten some pictures in the past.
I think he sent over to the chicklets.
His Instagram pictures him reffing too.
So I do, I do believe he is a ref.
Yeah.
That might be suspect too though.
Oh, come on.
Like, um, for the boys tat also, I wrote down and then the, the, what biz brought up with
the lipstick written on the business card.
It's just like, it was like, it came across as so horny.
He was just, he wants to work for chicklets so bad.
I give him a ton of credit.
A lot of people popping into my comments about it, uh, saying he, a hardworking guy, give
him a shot.
So, you know, he didn't, he didn't like come off too crazy where people are like, no, I
don't know.
That's, that's what I got.
I found it highly entertaining though.
Just a great idea to have them on.
That was just so great after those emails, G for you guys to pull it off and get them
in the mix and get them on for the people to like meet this character and explain himself
on your guys' podcast was just absolutely brilliant.
I loved it.
And I've got something for you, G.
I don't know if this can be done have you think on it i'm putting you on the spot but we're the frozen
four merles right um we got to go down there we have a little event down there it was that is that
a test run with me and merles down at at frozen four what what's that going to look i don't even
really know what that's going to look like We're going without the big guns you know
This is our maiden voyage
Do we need this lunatic
Do we need him to come down
You may I mean if Merles
Keeps nailing these picks I think he's
Going to need some EBR security
Just like walking behind him and stuff
So I think everything's on the table
At this point
Everything's on the table well just point. Everything's on the table. Well, just like, like a great interview, awesome job interview, a great month of interviews.
I want to ask you 2G, any bad interviews?
Like I noticed Mean Girls Pod had to cut Francis's interview.
It seems to be all the talk this week right now with Francis.
And like, have you, have you had any bad interviews where the guys were like, oh man, like I've
interviewed some guys and it doesn't go great. And I know they're good dudes, but I'm like, uh, yeah. How are out till, we went to like marquee till like 5 a.m.
And we had an interview at 9 a.m. with a Hall of Famer.
And we were so bad in that interview.
We just, we could never see the light of day.
I'd say there's been three or four.
We've had people that have been too drunk for us to air it.
We've had, it's, there's a lot of that kind of stuff behind the scenes that people don't
know about.
And I don't want to go in and sewer too many people, but I would say it happens more often
than not.
And I also think that's one of the reasons that we hold ourselves to a really high standard.
I'd say Biz and Wit in particular with interviews where we like to vet guys before they come on.
I'll give them a call. Biz will give them a call. Hey, what do you think we're going to get into?
What do you want to talk about? What are some stories you want to talk about? And like we ask
around to like, would this guy be any good? Would this guy be any bad? And, you know, right after
every interview, we kind of break down. We go through and we're like was that good was it bad um and and guys understand a lot of the times like we will say like oh granelli lost the
granelli just lost the audio or video which i'm wondering with this mean girl pod if maybe that's
just what happened maybe because even like sometimes that can happen maybe it like got
fucked up and they're like hey francis sorry we, we had to delete it. Is it a cover?
I don't know.
This is tough because I live with the girl who like is kind of responsible for
Barstool here.
Yeah.
I don't want to throw her under the bus.
I don't like,
I'll let them handle it.
But yeah,
that's kind of one of the weird things about dating someone from Barstool too.
It's kind of like,
you're just like,
we,
we just like, we talked about this thing all night
for like five hours last night and then you just went to bed.
You know what I mean?
It's like a bit, I, every time I flip on my, you know, get on social, like everyone's talking
about that, but I just find it like in this business, that's what you do.
You like set up pods, you record, anything can happen.
It could be a dud, it could be good.
And you have to make decisions on that for content, we've done it plenty of times though so like for in at the same time like
it's their show like if they don't want to air an interview they don't fucking have to air an
interview it's like if especially if the interview sucked if the interview sucked it's like well
that brings down the quality of our show so we're not going to air it yeah like sometimes i get off
and i'm like oh fuck they're
deleting that when i do stuff even with you guys or something i'm like oh shit what a loser what a
loser oh i want to ask you guys too on a side note i know last time we were on we're all we're all
and merles you look great g good uh our workout situation i haven't worked out at all yet you know
i've been slacking i did get some people hit me up for messages to help train me and stuff which is really cool i should get back to them
um any progress from you guys at all yet in the new area g uh you got any found any buddies over
in that area yet that you're gonna get in with get that six-pack ripping no and i keep getting
hassled from my buddies my girlfriend they're like so when are you gonna hit all these people
up from hoboken all these trainers and all these gyms that message you?
And I'm like, I'm waiting until I move there.
I'm waiting until I move there.
Unfortunately, that day is Thursday.
So I got to find a trainer.
I got to figure this all out.
I am so disgusting and gross.
Just I feel like shit every day.
So even like walking up the stairs, I get out of breath.
So I'm a gross, disgusting human being. I got to figure it out. So no like walking up the stairs, I get out of breath. So I'm a gross, disgusting
human being. I got to figure it out. So no progress on this end. Merle's you've been going
good though. Hey, I, I, I somehow I, I'm telling you, I was in those warm weather cities and made
it so much easier to get off. I went out for runs on the beach and in Florida, I was on the
treadmill in Arizona, Raleigh. I was out on the treadmill wow i somehow went on a three-week bender in the u.s
eating american food crushing big deal brews and i came back home the exact same weight which is a
win that it's like my stanley cup yeah for for this part of my life because i normally gain
eight to ten pounds on a trip like that yeah well good Well, good for you guys. We'll get into it.
Come on.
We can push each other.
And before we move on to our next thing, I'm seeing some news here that'll probably happen
in the next little while.
It's a Dylan Larkin extension.
So we're just talking about, it's not done yet.
It's pointing in that direction very shortly.
They're talking Bo Horvat numbers for Dylan Larkin.
So that's kind
of finding its way for the captain of the Detroit Red Wings. So, you know, maybe it will be Bertuzzi
on the move. Gee, I don't know, but Larkin maybe get this deal done. Well, Whit made the point on
the show, on the podcast a couple of weeks ago, and he said something along the lines of, if you
don't get an extension from Larkin by the trade deadline, you got to trade them.
Right.
Do you think that still stands true?
I kind of feel that it,
it may,
you can't risk it.
You can't risk losing this guy for nothing in,
in UFA.
Yeah.
So maybe that's why they're pushing it right now.
I'm sure by the time this drops tomorrow,
it'll be done or on Thursday,
it'll be done.
Uh,
another thing,
Elliot Friedman just tweeted Lars eller to the avalanche
here that's what he's hearing right now it's not confirmed yet it just dropped on my phone so as
we're keeping track all this um bernaby joe you know he was going to do something didn't have
cadre still got some banged up injuries as they're starting to surge towards the top take over that
division they had a good depth centerman in Lars Eller,
who's won the cup before.
I played on his line in Montreal.
Just a good up and down all around player, 200 foot guy.
Big move.
Another big move.
Like it a lot.
Little addition.
All right, moving on.
Keep an eye on all that stuff, folks.
Chicklets will have it for you on Tuesday
when they bring it to you,
the full windup wrap wrap-up of everything.
We're going to move on now to show and Mindsies report,
one of our favorite, more popular topics.
I have people telling me all the time that show, that's Mindsies,
whenever they say anything.
So thank you for tuning in.
Thank you for listening.
Thank you for loving all these segments.
I guess, Merle, we'll start with you.
Show Mindsies, we'll start with the show.
The show, I brought it up in the Rasmus Dahlin interview on Chicklets, the Sabres Goathead
uniforms. They are show not only the way they look, but let me tell you the scores of the games
when they've played. First game, 6-2 win, 6-3 win, 6-0 win, 6-3 win, 6-5 win, 0-4 loss, but that game that was a schedule change.
I'm not really counting that one. Then a 6-3 win. And then on a Saturday or Sunday, what day was
that? When I did my fishing pick and they wore them again, I hammered Buffalo and they won 7-4.
So they're 7-1 overall in these goat head jerseys
and they're scoring six or seven goals every game those are show let's go sabers the game last night
was pathetic pathetic by them to lose the columbus but i love the sabers and they're
gonna wear them again on saturday you've been all over the sabers lately even though
they were without i believe doleen Darlene that one game.
Tuck was a late scratch.
You still took them, and then they just went to town last weekend.
They waxed the Capitals.
Waxed them.
That might be my best prediction of the whole preseason
was that the Caps was the end of the road.
They're done.
They're done.
Gee, let's move on to show with you this month, what do you got, anything you're loving?
Absolutely, I'm wearing my UNC hockey jersey
Right now, shout out to my guy Henry Foster
Sat next to him, plays on the Acha team, sat next to him on a plane a couple years ago
Sent me a UNC jersey, but I bring up UNC
For one reason and one reason only
They played NC State Monday night at Carter Finley Stadium in front of 20,000
fans. Now, these are two ACHA programs. These kids pay to play. These kids weren't recruited.
These kids love the game so much. And the fact that they got to live the Winter Classic experience
in a sense where they had custom jerseys. They got to do the photo shoots in the
media days. And then they got to play in front of 20,000 fans at Carter Finley Stadium.
Probably the best moment of 40 or so kids' lives. So just so cool to see. I got to talk to some of
the NC State guys before the game. A few of them swung by Bo's Pub, I'm not Bo's Pub, Teets in Raleigh.
And it was just, they were so excited, man. And it's just, you guys, the ACHA guys, I feel like
it's kind of tough for me to explain, but these kids love hockey more than anyone on planet earth.
They're begging their parents each semester to pay that a thousand
dollars so they can play on this team with all their buddies and they can get the sweatsuits
and the gloves and it's just it was really cool to see and having talked to some of the kids
how much it meant to them it it means a lot more so i'm calling up the acha and i'm calling up the UNC and NC State hockey teams once again.
Let's go.
Big time horny for the Atcha over here too.
I love it.
I love those stories.
I love that stuff.
I love that experience for them to be able to experience all that.
I love your connection to it, G.
That is show to me.
That's what this game's all about, all this kind of stuff.
And, you know, what do you always say?
And the Acha is NCAA hockey.
Club hockey is college hockey.
Acha to the show, baby.
That's what it is.
My show is, uh, the event you guys have coming up, which is a big event on April 15th, NYPD versus FDNY hockey game.
Um, and I, I think it's amazing what you guys are doing one for you know
the ability to broadcast that and bring it for the people uh and be involved and then another
thing which i think is totally show totally in the show is uh 100 of the merch proceeds
at barstool sports.com hockey heroes uh will go and be split up 50 50 from those merch
proceeds a hundred percent will be split up evenly between the nypd fdny um with grants going to
support a variety of community efforts and initiatives for for both their causes, for the NYPD, the Widows and Children Fund, and for the FDNY
Family Transport Foundation, which are, you know, this is just a great game for you guys to be in
on this and for to be doing that for these, you know, families and these groups of people is
amazing stuff. So I got to give that a shout out stay tuned for
that coming up in just over a month uh i just thought that announcement was amazing i had to
mark it down i got to give some credit to uh to you guys and and to what you're doing there at
barstool with this with this uh with this game uh and and with these uh this foundation and and
and the proceeds awesome stuff i can't wait for you guys to see this game you'll
laugh you'll cry you'll want to run through a brick wall it's you go through all the emotions
in this game and it's it's just such a fun amazing time and the fact that we were able to come in
and not only broadcast this because that's a whole different conversation how we're going to shake up
the broadcasting world um the fact that we can do something and help all these families out,
people who have lost loved ones in the line of duty.
It's really cool.
It's very special.
All right, guys, before we go any further, let me talk to you about Pizza Hut.
Pizza Hut is bringing back with the big New Yorker.
It's bigger and cheesier with six extra large foldable slices.
It's bigger and cheesier with six extra large foldable slices. It's huge.
Customize your perfect pie with toppings like pepperoni, Italian sausage, mushrooms, and
even pineapple.
My favorite pie is just loaded with pepperoni, green peppers, and maybe a little bit of onion.
I'd say a little side onion.
For just 13.99, it's a big pizza and a bigger deal.
Go big so you can go bigger with the biggest
boldest pizza in the game it's the perfect size to bring to your nhl watch parties or post-game
pick-me-up the big new yorker is back and better than ever and after nearly 25 years only for a
time go big before it goes away and pizza will be a sponsor of Battle of the Badge. It's NYPD versus FDNY at UBS Arena,
and it'll be the first time Barstool broadcasts it.
It'll be a must-watch.
You'll have to tune in to see Pizza Hut live in action.
But until then, make sure to check out the Big New Yorker today.
Go to pizzahut.com to order the Big New Yorker.
Love the New Yorker, Merles, and you got to shout out Pizza Hut
coming in for a great cause
with the NYPDFDNY game.
So we can't thank Pizza Hut enough.
And Game Notes has got a new sponsor.
We love Pizza Hut, boys.
And hey, I'm a Big New Yorker now
after retirement.
Oh, yeah.
For big fellas like us,
it better be the Big New Yorker.
I'm only doing that.
Thank you, Pizza Hut.
Thank you.
Totally.
All while doing big, drinking big deal brew.
Of course, presenting sponsor here of episode four, five.
Merle's, we're going to go to a Mindsy's now, where you and I grounded out on the old bone
rattler, just living the life down in the Mindsy's.
Who we sending there?
What are you thinking? What do you got? I mean, our the life down in the mines ease who we send in there what are
you thinking what do you got i mean our best times were in the minors we all know that it's the most
fun playing down there but i woke up the other morning i got up early like 5 30 in the morning
jet lag was still on me and i turn on the anaheim ducks game and there's no reason i should be
watching the anaheim ducks ever this year but they were the only game on at 5.30 in the morning over here. And I get on there and there's this black thing following the
puck around every time they pass it. It looked like the old Fox track thing. And 5.30 in the
morning, I just wake up like, what is going on? It looked like there was a broken stick following
the puck, but then there was actually a broken stick behind the net so i i my i was like what
is going on here and i guess so then all these people tell me like in anaheim they do this on
the power play they show this so you can see the puck but i i don't like it send that back to the
mind do you think really you can't see the puck like really like what are we doing here like
nowadays hd on these 70 inch tv everyone has, you can see the puck.
So send that to the Mindsies.
Mindsies, puck tracker technology, 2023, can't see the puck.
We got, you know, pixelated everything out the ass.
HD, like you said, come on.
What are we doing?
G, where are you going?
Who are you sending to the Mindsies?
I'm sending two people to the Mindsies.
One, Avery Zaretsky.
Avery Zaretsky is getting sent to the Mindsies. pasha is shaggy getting sent to the mindsies i can't stand their tweets i can't do it anymore pasha with his
tweet the other day go calling marion gabrick and all these rangers rangers greats washed up i think
it was crazy uh their their tweets are getting painful this point, but they'll only be in the
mindsies until the playoffs because once the playoffs start, the streams, if we can get some
streams going between Avery and Pasha, because they're both irrational Devils and Rangers fans.
They're just like that Frankie Borelli type where they don't think rationally. They haven't for
years ever since I met them.
So it's going to be awesome to see them in the playoffs,
but until the playoffs, they're in the mindsies.
Oh, it's like when you're doing Merle's on the street content,
by the way, awesome stuff, Merle's. That's harder than it looks, and you're just wheeling and dealing.
We got some more coming from Carolina.
Merle's was buzzing around the tailgate there too.
Great job, Merle's.
Epic.
But you asked that one Leafs fan, and Pasha, of course,
was working the camera.
And he's like, Kimo Myers going to the Devils.
And then she's like, yeah, right.
Another delusional Devils fan.
And it's like delusional talking to the delusional.
Pasha was right, though.
They did get their guy.
But that's how most fans are, I think.
And those guys are crazy, which I can come off of yours with my minds he picked g because i saw that pasha is blocked on instagram by the new york
rangers official account now i'm sending that rangers account to the mindsies like is is it
are you not willing to entertain this back and forth of a super hardcore that's the that's the
rivalry that's what it is he chirps some of your players i imagine it's got to be that tweet i don't
know if it was a while ago but you know pasha's just like a delusional hardcore fan much like a
lot of the fan bases around that are really hardcore and i get it but like you're gonna
block a guy over you know what it is it's because he has the blue checkmark. Pasha somehow weaseled his way into a blue verified checkmark years ago, and he's got
the blue verified checkmark.
So I know he used to comment Mickey Mouse franchise on just about every single one of
the Rangers posts.
So I'm guessing the social media manager saw, who is this one named character with a blue
checkmark just calling us a mickey mouse franchise
every day we gotta block this guy so hold on so you have the check mark you get pushed up to the
top right so they'll see it more often or is it just more valuable of a tweet with a yeah you'll
you'll see you'll see it more do you think we're gonna hear out of them like oh like they're gonna
follow them back and be like oh i don't know something happened with an algorithm it unfollowed
you i don't know sorry sorry no i don't think the the Rangers as a whole are a big fan of what we're doing over here.
Yeah.
Maybe that's it too, right?
Maybe it's just the overall picture.
Maybe I should check.
Maybe I'm unblocked also for that matter.
Yeah.
Who knows at this point.
Minds easy.
Like you got a giant rivalry.
You got this guy that's diehard on the other side, which is great for business and interaction probably. And like stirring up stuff on underneath your comments
and posts. Um, I don't know. Mindsies big time. This is social media. Like what are we doing here?
Get to the mindsies. All right. Awesome. There there's a mindsies show segment. Uh, Merle's,
where do you want to go next with this? What next segment do you want to tee up for us?
My favorite one, the Beer Link Heroes.
Let's go.
This is a popular one.
I get people talk to me all the time.
You know how many wheelie bags I got sent to me from people?
And on social media, like going in to play these guys,
no way, this guy's got a wheelie bag.
Look at my buddy, he's got a wheelie bag.
Look at this.
So the wheelie bag setup was obviously really big.
He nailed the Jack Hughes shifts.
We've had that
merles uh bringing beer the beer swindler variety pack and then our first one was a shower sheriff
really popular this next one though what do you got for us you got to clean this league up will
this clean help clean it up that this is an important one this is more on the ice one i'm
gonna call it like don't be a hardo we're all going to work tomorrow so like don't don't be
that guy no hitting no fighting no high shots from the point we got guys in front of the net
with no visors on don't go to the bench and throw your stick like some eight-year-old might player
young guys easy take it easy if you see an guy, don't be buzzing around him every shift.
I don't like the goalies when they poke check.
It can be dangerous.
Fall into the corner.
I got to go to work tomorrow.
And then the last one for minor hockey and adult league, no chirping the ref.
Yeah.
Yeah, you got GM, fake GM Joe as a ref out there.
You never know what kind of lunatic the ref might be.
But, like, you know how many times when i play now boys i play d
i'm sick um um multiple norris trophies i probably should have played d my entire career it's so easy
it's so easy playing d just chilling back there jump up when you want to conserve energy five
minute shifts ho hum if you want to if you don't have enough d if there's like three of you easy to do not too hard casual scoot around the ice with the boys and and that's that's what i
like i don't like to play in the a league either i like to be nestled somewhere in the b i'm fine
with that i don't need go a league where guys think they're in the nhl to your point the hard
o league like just cool it guys gotta work do you really want to get in a tilt you know playing the
the hungry beavers versus the you know they always got the dumb names you know and it's like
you're not you're those guys that do that that ruins it for everybody and there's usually one
or two guys in every league not on every team but in every league somewhere there's six teams
and you're like oh we got to play these guys and they're going to be you know running around this guy's
a lunatic it always happens we got to start calling these guys out a little bit maybe like
what are they doing right yeah i have a great story from uh chad diamond he sent me this there
was such a hard-o in his league this guy brought out his own Sharpie and white tape because he knew he was going to score his 500th goal in the men's league.
First of all, you even keep track of the stats, but to know he brought it out.
So when he scored, he took the puck, went on the bench,
and he taped the trainers in the NHL.
No fucking way.
Do you believe that?
And then for life
that's insane
you know what you do
you sign up
he's gotta be the guy
that runs the team
cause there's no way
your team would sign up
and accidentally
forget to sign him
the email
send him the sign up email
that is hardo
to the max
hey you know that guy
is the guy
that requested
the beer league
does score sheets so he can get his sheet every night and tally up his goals you know he's that guy is that is the guy that requested the beer league does score sheets so he
can get his sheet every night and tally up his goals you know is that even a thing is there
score sheets in beer no no way in that guy's league there is because he's counting all his
goals yeah so you know there's an asterisk by that too because like what if he just added 10
goals we don't know i mean he's just trying to make it like he's the greatest beer league player
ever is that like what it is i don't know what he's doing beer league hall of
fame is there one of those and i had another one should we have a should we do the beer league
hall of fame well we should do a shame with this guy oh i gotta hear this man but i had another
one from the jim vickers my buddy sent me in from the Houston Beer League.
There's still a guy down there.
He stretches on the red line in warmup.
Do you remember like junior A and B when you'd like stretch there?
Yeah, intimidate.
Yeah, this guy's still doing it down the beer league.
Like, no, dude, don't be a hardo.
That is insane.
Like they watch this and I can see kids imitating and kids thinking you know they got to do this and that but this is a grown-ass human being that knows that they're out there for
exercise good times and beers after the game like i don't do not get it i get that you love the game
but what are we doing here what are we doing knock it off i don't know what's going on gee you got
some action there yeah i mean this is what i'm talking about this is why i sent pasha to the minors because he knows he this idiot knows we're recording game notes right now he just
texted all of us and goes if it's not too late to make merles answer this for this outlandish claim
please and it's your tweet merles that says kane is better than meyer like, it's just, it never stops. That was when all these people were going bananas
over this Timo Meyer.
Timo Meyer, like, they're speaking of him
like he's an ex-Connor McDavid.
The guy played in the Quebec League.
He's from Switzerland.
He's been playing out in a beer league team in San Jose
getting some goals that don't matter.
And you're going to say, like, of course,
Patrick Kane,
the best American all time is better than Timo Meyer.
I don't care what they've done this year.
It's Patrick Kane.
Like these guys are delusional.
Clip it,
clip it,
boom,
clip that,
send it absolutely epic clip right there.
Porn out some unbelievable clips lately to G.
I don't know who does that by the way.
Also,
it's just like so fun.
These little snippets come
out they're all edited to just fire i love it that's a quater yeah when i did the man on the
street in florida i swear we were out there for a while one we couldn't get into like the actual
nhl thing because of pasha but that's another story but we were out there and i'm like i'm like
i don't know if we like got anything good but we were out there for a couple hours and then these guys in the back like fish and sean and mcquade they just and they make it look great
he's got worse like since like it started off cool like he's really a good fan right and they went on
like a 13 and 0 run and then pasha has like the fact that he's sending you those messages while
we're recording to like get in there to like throw darts still and like defend all this stuff and attacking people like he's gotten he's
gotten worse i don't know if he's gotten worse though because since i've known this crazy psycho
he's always told me next year two years devil's year man i'm like everything you say like all
pasta's sick this year and he's like well not not as good as Hughes. And just like every little comment, he's always throwing it in there.
So he's been delusional for a long, long time.
Okay, I take it back.
Yeah, we never had to respect them because they were terrible.
Exactly.
They're like relevant.
So we actually got to listen to them a little bit.
So he's becoming more insufferable with it.
And you know what?
I'm going to take back my Mindsies throw to the Rangers,
although I do think it should be wide open for fandom.
Yeah, maybe the Pasha block was acceptable. So I'll take that back for the Mindsies. my mindsies throw to the rangers although i do think it should be wide open for fandom um yeah
maybe maybe the pasha block was acceptable so i'll take that back from the mindsies way to go rangers
instagram main page for blocking pasha we're calling them up justified rightfully justified
what was that g we're calling them up to the show this week yeah they're going right to the show now
just because he interfered on that with that with that message to you to all of us coming in i'm looking at it right now this series i cannot wait for this
series oh it's gonna be it's gonna be unbelievable i hope i can be a part of that i mean i'll get a
huge FOMO if i miss it on that's good you didn't hear me and you are sleeping on his couch in
Hoboken for the whole series we're going every game yeah let's take the ferry across we're
sleeping in the gambling cave.
Frank the Tag's going to come in there and
like check stuff out and we're going to be
snuggled up in Lazy Boys in the gambling cave.
That'll be, I know, okay.
That'll be absolutely unbelievable.
Okay, here we go.
Great, great new, great new Beer League Heroes
segment, the hard-o.
We're on to you.
We know about you everyone
knows about you you're ruining it uh thank you merles onto the riding the bus is the segment
coming up next the segment where we take a little bit of look around the hockey world uh you know
we have some ncaa action we got some prospect action i want to get to some chl action um
merles where you want to start us.
Yeah.
You know,
we're,
I know we're running long,
but you know,
we talked about it where you're officially going to Tampa for the frozen for the game notes crew.
So we got to talk about college hockey.
I'm going to just rip through the new top five right now is it's
Minnesota Quinnipiac,
Denver,
Michigan,
and Harvard are the top five.
I got to give, I got to give a shout out.
My old college roommate, Benny Barr, has completely turned UMaine around.
Grinnell, you're a big UMaine guy.
Love me.
He's turned them around.
They were like the worst team in college hockey a couple years ago.
He's got them in the top 25 now.
He's got these two kids coming from the BCH the bchl junior league brad and josh and
the dough they're the top two scorers so things are only looking better for you main and uh i i
just love college hockey the league playoffs start this week and we'll start to see who's gonna who
we're gonna see in that final four did you see that minnesota goal the other night from matthew
nyes and logan cooley where he would eat the no
look drama no look drop pass in front of the net and nye's just went upstairs with it this minnesota
team is so loaded they're so good and i hope i hope they make it to tampa so we can watch them
live in person because dude the leafs have a stud with that nye's kid he's a he's an absolute stud
yeah 39 points this year right now he's running at.
Logan Cooley, third with 48 points.
And Snuggerud tied for fourth with 47 points on that team.
I hope they get there.
I'm obviously a Cooley guy.
He's from Pittsburgh.
Skate with him in the summers.
Just absolutely ripping it up.
That team's been a dynamo.
First place, they're 5-8-1.
Quinnipiac, 28-3-3. They score almost five eight and one quinnipiac 28 three and three they score
almost four goals per game quinnipiac and they give up 1.62 goals against per game so this that
that team's you know uh they can do it at both ends of the ice i mean it's absolutely unbelievable
what they've been able to do so i'm hoping minnesota will be there you never know what's
going to happen but to your
point g there they look to be a pretty good wagon right now i know they came to penn uh
penn state i think and just rifled through them a few weeks ago uh cooley and that line we're just
is that our team is should we make a game notes like is that our squad we'll maybe like find a
future on them once the tournament starts or do we go i feel like we got to get on the main train
maybe yeah they're not making the tournament this year we're looking at a future of them at two two
years from now do we go like rich guy harvard should we pick them i don't know like walking
like hi harvard i got a good story about harvard i'll tell you i was recruited by them like um
in juniors obviously I was pretty good.
I peaked at 17.
But I flew down to Harvard.
They flew me down in this little plane for my visit.
Show me the campus, blah, blah.
Go to a practice, blah, blah.
And I've been waiting for college visits my whole life.
Like, yes, let's go.
Where are we going?
We're partying.
Let's do it.
We go to practice.
The kid brings me home to his dorm.
And we sit there.
And I sit on the floor and watch him do his homework. And then we go to bed. kid brings me home to his dorm and we sit there and i sit on the floor and
watch him do his homework and then we go to bed didn't even go out oh what is this so i woke up
the next day i'm at the airport in boston flying back to syracuse called my mom from the pay phone
and i had a list of like all the teams that were trying to get me and i'm like yeah you can scratch
harvard right off the list she's like what do you mean a bunch of nerds i'm like i won't fit in there murray you were the top rated prospect in
the country weren't you the recruiting top recruiting country yeah i was probably that
i was probably number one recruit back then and uh yeah i was pretty good in junior and then i had
great freshman year at rbi i used to be really good and then maybe you should have went to harvard
maybe you should have went there yeah i mean you should have went there. Yeah, maybe I should have went there and just got the education.
But I got great education from RBI, so I wouldn't change anything.
But yeah, I was great back then.
I just never did it in the NHL like Arnie did.
Yeah, well, you were there.
You blew your shoulder out doing what?
Fighting a guy that challenged your team.
Don't get us going again.
Absolute legend.
Absolute legendary stuff.
But I'm looking for this uh i want
to get to some chl chatter uh because when i was at quebec i went to the remparts game uh and i
noticed in the chl standings that they are number three in the country winnipeg ice number one
seattle thunderbirds number two uh and quebec number three memorial cup obviously i won that
too unbelievable but uh you know these guys are starting to heat up.
Some great prospects kicking around through there.
And that could lead us into some Bedard chatter and some of these other prospects, Merle,
that you've been raving about recently.
I want to give a shout out to Quebec Ramparts, Cam Thompson.
When I was in Quebec, I ran into him the one day at the game.
I had my horn.
I was at the Videotron. I just got to the barn. I was in Quebec, I ran into him the one day at the game. I had my horn. I was at the Videotron.
I just got to the barn.
I was wheeling around.
The ramparts were all set up in a suite watching peewee tournament games.
They're just hanging out for the afternoon because they kind of have like some time off.
So Paddy Wah said, boys, get a suite up there.
Hang out a couple of days off.
Go watch some games.
Hang out with the boys.
Junior life is the best doing that.
But these Marit maritime boys come down
from like new brunswick and how i don't know where they're from halifax and uh this this cam thompson
gets me uh hits me up on insta and he's like hey man we have a game tomorrow night if you want to
go um i'll leave you eight tickets for for your crew because i had my mom and dad there had my
kids all there and then i'm like okay i gotta take So I got to pull him out of the billets.
He's got to go to a CHL game.
It'll be his first one ever.
That'll be so cool.
I get all the girls.
There's four Maritimers on the game, just beauties.
Come down, get a picture with them.
Huge Chicklets fans, just great guys.
Their whole crew love the Maritime people too.
They're just so friendly and like unbelievable.
And he goes, yeah, i got these eight tickets because
there's four maritimers on the team and and it's a tuesday night game and you know what we don't
have a lot of family that comes to those weekday games just because it's you know they come up on
the weekends uh up to quebec city to watch them so he's like we got eight tickets from these four
guys i'll leave them under your name you can grab them uh enjoy the night so i went out there and i
watched the number three team in the country play they absolutely stomped on some team just smashed them a really good looking team they
could be at the memorial cup uh by the end of the year uh just a real good wagon but i'm calling it
out i i like the winnipeg ice number one team seattle's a team to watch out there boys seattle
thunderbirds big heavy sturdy team out west This might be the WHL's year.
They barely do anything at Memorial Cups usually,
but Cam Thompson, Cam Thompson, Chicklets Game Notes beauty.
Can I ask you guys, and Colby in particular,
what is a weekend at the Memorial Cup like?
Is it a big party?
There were some talks in a meeting the other day about
chicklets game notes potentially hitting cam loops for the for the mem cop like mark recce
what are we thinking here is it would it be worth us going is it a party or is it more just hockey
like what is it like yeah it's it's a it's a week-long tournament setup like you know you
play the round robin games and then you kind of break off in the
semi-final final uh so it's like do or die hockey not your standard it's like more like ncaa uh
set up for that tournament host city which will be kamloops this year which is awesome city um
they usually have like a massive like um um like beer garden set up right by the rink so it's all
hooked up with performers every night live bands
i know uh you know uh in red deer when i went for example they hosted a few years ago they had like
a mechanical bull they had it's all huge booze like teams will come in there uh parents families
and fandom it's like a giant fan fest but it's like usually hooked right onto the rink so it's
it makes for like a week-long gong show and in these little junior towns you could imagine what that those tournaments are with all these top teams
coming in all these nhl picks all these prospects that are you know bound to get drafted as well so
the hockey's good the venues are good the games are good um and it's do or die hockey right to
the end for the championship so um i i would recommend that we take a sniff at it
if they're talking, because Kamloops too
is like a historic, awesome junior city
that's owned by Mark Reckie and several others,
Jerome McKinley, Daryl Sador, Shane Doan,
who you guys have a good relationship with.
That would be an awesome place to get out to.
We check out the mountains.
We could go Shuswap Lake, get on a houseboat.
Lots of time to
do some golf on on off days and different things like that so yeah they they put on a pretty good
show with the chl and the memorial cup at those at that event for sure it's awesome speaking of
donor i should have mentioned it we were back in the college we got our asu locker room tour coming
out wednesday night uh it's it's out now so get over to YouTube. Check that out. Mean G.
Go around ASU and just see all the setup they have.
That was a lot of fun.
One other college note before we keep going.
Brianna Decker, 2012 Patty Casimir winner,
top player in college hockey for women from Wisconsin.
She's going on our CEO podcast tomorrow,
Token CEO with Erica. She's got a big
announcement she's making. And I think it's going to be a great interview with Brianna Decker. So
all the college hockey fans tune into that podcast. I can tell you, Erica actually let me
listen to it beforehand and it's an awesome interview. So tune into Token CEO. Great
interview. Erica sat down with Brianna Decker, gold medalist. Like you said, she won the best player in college hockey in 2012.
So definitely worth checking out on the Token CEO YouTube page.
Yeah, my wife loves that.
My wife loves Erica, just loves listening to that.
So check it out.
You can learn a lot.
You can learn a ton from this podcast.
She has some incredible guests on that you're like oh oh my god great
lessons great advice stuff not like listening to us hooligans yeah you gotta get a cane and
chug out of it while you're walking down the street you do is get the drinking cane army
don't worry about your kid's health or his housing get the booze i love it anything cracking off
merles over uh in the euro leagues and i want to ask you
about timra too because obviously their team you're there posting some epic content with you
know different things and pics you're fishing and then you're at the guys uh you're getting a kebab
thing there and timra and i notice you put pictures all the time you're always like in the same seats
up above the bench are you like really well taken care of
alumnus they're like just a legend in town you have the media pass you're you're like those
your season ticket seats how yeah i sit there so i can do a lot of coaching you know i'm trying to
pull the goalie when i need the over and blah blah blah no those are my wife's dad's there's
his season tickets are there so we get those those a couple of times. For the alumni,
they take good care of us. If a couple of us are here, they'll try to set us up with a box.
So in Sweden, you can't drink in the audience. You can't have beers. But if you go up into the
suites or into the restaurant that are up high, you can have beer. So obviously on a Saturday
afternoon when the alumni are in town, that's where we want to be sitting. So we're usually up there for that.
But yeah, they take good care of us.
They gave me the press credential this year
because I said, hey, I'm going to be coming to games,
spitting chiclets now.
I got a real job.
So I get that.
I get good parking.
I can go in and just sit up in the press
with the scouts and stuff if I want.
So they take good care of me.
We're down to the end here.
There's only four games left in
the swedish hockey league so it's it's it's coming down to it and playoffs will be here before we
know it yeah we'll be and uh any any other prospect news over there anyone you got your eye on what's
going on right now yeah i like this uh nate danielson from brandon uh good two-way player
watch he's climbing the ranks right now brandon weak king chl guy but any anyone you're you're
seeing over there yeah that same guy like i know russia is kind of not getting talked about and for obvious reasons
but this mitch koff that i mean this was three or four years ago he was the big guy and uh he he's
done all the michigans he did in the so he got moved up to the khl the sochi they're the worst
team but they brought him in for 30 games i think he had 20 points but his last game he scored a michigan and then had four apples so he finished his khl season with five point
and a 5-3 win and uh he's something special he is under contract for a couple more years like
we talked about him before he might take a while to come over but he had a great last game in the
khl all right keep an eye for him we should just see the highlights now right murray just it's a highlight world we live in it's a skill league all right let's get
to the uh bar stool sportsbook segment yep last month we did it again we we did it again we're
four four and all on the on the game of the month for ebr on game notes we were in fort lauderdale
together for that one she left the one four to one.
It was,
it was a no brainer.
They had won 16 in a row at home.
They made it 17.
Our armor picks our game.
We went two at one.
We were on it with the central.
That was smart.
We were on the Atlantic in the second game,
but a fatal mistake in the finance.
We,
we rode central.
Why we should have rode the home team and we should have rode the Bruins A fatal mistake in the finals. We rode Central. Why?
We should have rode the home team, and we should have rode the Bruins and their head coach, Jim Montgomery, and their goalie, Ole Mark.
It's their dream season.
They're setting records.
The goalie's scoring goals.
They won the All-Star game, passed to Ole Mark and Montgomery.
Like, that was a mistake.
But two and one's not bad.
So, we were officially three and one on our picks last time. There's not many podcasts but 2-1 is not bad. We were officially 3-1 on our picks
last time. There's not many podcasts
that can say that. Alright, so we're
going to go for 5-0 here. EBR
Game of the Month. We've been winning in
Sweden. We're going to stick in Sweden.
It's Army's former team
and the team that none of us can say.
Lundqvist tried to teach
Bizet. Vekko.
Vekko. They're playing Saturday at noon. Vecchio
versus Rogla. Should be about a minus 130, minus 140 because it's a derby game. We like that one
in our armor. Official armor play. Saturday night. Hockey night in Canada. Toronto Maple Leaf versus
Vancouver Canucks. We're on the over six and a half, so we're looking for goals Saturday night.
Two big games.
Let's go 2-0 this week, Harvey.
Yeah, we got to go 2-0.
I love the goals.
I love the over.
I love both those teams getting it done for us.
And is that a Saturday night game?
Are we sure about that?
Is it an afternoon game?
Because I think it might be like perfect timing,
a little afternoon.
No, it's a 7 o'clock game Eastern time. o'clock game eastern time so we'll be good for that so
the armor keep track of that we're crushing that armor pretty good merles i have one question for
you people always ask me and i always wonder myself i want to know some like jargon i want
to know some uh you know some insights on on what some of these things are and my first question is
my only question right now is you do a lot of three-way bets three-way you'll be you know, some insights on, on what some of these things are. And my first question is, my only question right now is you do a lot of three-way bets, three-way you'll be, you know,
Toronto three-way or Timra three-way or whatever. What, what is a three-way bet? What is, what is
that? Yeah. So this is, did you, did we do this? Did you explain this to me before? I don't know.
Yeah, I think I did. I don't know. I tried, I have had to explain it a thousand times. It's
definitely my number one question and it comes from Europe. This is how they do all the gambling over here in Europe. And that's where I was ahead of the
game before it all got legal in the US. I knew about gambling and these apps and how you can bet.
In the US, you can only bet one team or the other or the over under. But in Europe, on these online
sites, you've got all sorts of different options. So when you take three-way, you just get much
better odds. And that's just, you have to win in regulation.
So it's three-way.
So you got home team, draw, or away team.
Yeah.
I don't understand that.
So your odds are getting split in three ways.
So you're going to get better odds than just having two options.
Obviously, it's a little harder to hit.
If it goes to overtime, you lose.
Okay.
Okay.
But I mean, I'm awful at overtime.
I lose every shootout, it seems.
I can't win a shootout to save my life, same as when I played.
So I just like to do that because I get the better team,
but I don't have to lay the crazy odds.
I don't have to lay 200 to get 100.
So I really enjoy the three ways and not the three way that Biz likes.
Yeah, Biz is all over the three-ways.
I know he was probably all excited.
Why aren't we always doing three-way bets, Merz?
We should always do three-way bets.
And that's actually how I got started with the chicklets and the gambling
is I did the draw on my first ever trip to Philly.
I did draw, which was plus 300 at the time.
And these guys were all, I remember being in the Uber,
none of them knew what I was talking about. They're like, what, what, draw? plus 300 at the time. And these guys were over there. I remember being in the Uber. None of them knew what I was talking about.
They're like, what?
What draw?
You can't bet that.
I'm like, yeah, you bet it goes to overtime.
And the Caps Flyers did.
And that was how it all started.
That's how it all started.
The legend of Matt Murley.
Gee, anything else for us before we shut her down?
Final thing, Merle's mentioned it, but ASU locker room tour video,
Mullet Arena tour is live.
Josh Doan showed us around.
134 million was spent on this arena.
The ASU facilities is just about as nice as any college facility
I've ever seen in my life.
Merle's even got to go head-to-head in some bubble hockey
with some of their guys.
So it's an amazing video.
Tune in on the Chicklets YouTube.
And again, this is something we've talked about,
but the more views we get, the more likes, subscribes,
all that stuff, the more we can do locker room tours
and CHL locker room tours and college locker room tours
and all this stuff.
So the more love you guys show,
the more content Chicklets Game Notes will be able to do.
So yeah, check that stuff out on the Chicklets YouTube
and NYPDFDNYny hit that barstool
sports.com slash hockey heroes buy some of the merch donate to a great cause and uh the game's
april 15th we're very excited yeah unbelievable stay tuned for us at the frozen four me and mur
heading down there a crazy month of content by you guys i was watching from afar i was in quebec city peewee
tournament stay tuned for that next year we're putting a team in uh but just an awesome episode
five boys good to be back on there's so much time in between but i enjoy everything that spit and
chicklets throws out there thank you for big to big deal brewing obviously our presenting sponsor
uh for this episode five. And that's it.
Our next episode will be April 6th.
Merle.
So we'll see you guys back on here.
April 6th.
Maybe we can do it live.
We'll all be in Florida together.
Maybe we can work on the logistics and get it done down there.
I'll have to bring my mic down there.
This little baby.
Bring this beautiful little baby down there.
Do these travel nicely?
I'm sure they do.
I got you, Murr.
Murr and Colby, I'll bring you guys each your own mic,
your own special traveling mic.
We're going to be the, hey, this is awesome.
The big dogs aren't coming down, Arnie.
We'll get the real mics.
We'll have all the cameras on us.
We'll have the extra suite maybe to record in.
I'm going to have to follow your lead on all this content stuff
merle's on the street everything it's gonna be electric so yeah frozen four is great that'll
be a great event it totally in tampa bay too so congrats on on the last month guys you guys
crushed it uh and stay tuned for lots to come as g just said thank you episode five in the book see
you next month.
