Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Here we go. Chicklets Game Notes episode eight is rolling right now. We are back. A lot of time
off. You've probably been watching us all on game notes
daily which has been a playoff sensation as we've taken the world by storm as the number one hockey
gambling show in the world uh join now with merles obviously and producer sensation g behind the
scenes working all the magic boys welcome to episode eight first of all presented by mugsy
jeans boys mugsy, unbelievably soft.
It's like you're wearing sweatpants, but you're wearing jeans, Merle's.
I know you love these.
Yeah, I had the hardest time in my life trying to find jeans that fit me.
After going to RPI, they made us do squats, made us do lunges.
Our legs, our butts got huge.
I couldn't get jeans for years.
I'm telling you, I went to FDNY game.
They gave me these Muggsy jeans.
I haven't taken them off.
They fit me.
They are perfect for anybody that's been a hockey player
or just doesn't fit right.
Try the Muggsy jeans.
I've been on there lately.
They got some formal wear.
So when I go to Saratoga this summer,
I'm going to get a suit that will fit me better too.
Oh, stretch suit, all comfy, G?
Can you imagine that?
I absolutely raided, raided.
You know how we had that one room
at the NYPD, FDNY game?
That was just filled with Muggsy clothes
for Biz and Wit and everyone to try on.
At the end of the game,
I went in there and just took everything.
My wardrobe is Muggsy jeans
for the next six to 10 years
with all the jeans I got,
and I couldn't be happier.
Yeah, I snagged a couple paired, black pair and a baby blue, the baby. They're nice and light for the summer. They're so light. They're unbelievably comfortable. And you're right,
Murr. I think, I don't know, gee, maybe you could tell me more. I think Muggsy jeans first came in,
they really pushed hard for the athletic butt type of person, right? That was the thing for them.
It's for people like Murr. We've always said that it's like built for Murr. Built for the athletic butt type of person, right? That was the thing for them. It's for people like Merle's it's we've always said that it's,
it's like built for Merle's built for the big tank ass built for the
athletic legs built for the power that people have playing sports.
If you feel uncomfortable,
you don't fit in jeans quite,
quite right.
Guaranteed.
When you slide into mugs,
he's they're going to fit perfectly boys.
It's been a month since we did this show.
What have we been up to?
Where have we been?
What have we done?
I almost forget.
We've been running so hot right now with game notes daily.
I've loved it.
What a great idea organically has come out of nowhere and we've been running
with it.
The community is going crazy since that time.
I know Merle's has been back and forth across the pond since we recorded
last,
like you've been all right now you're back again, because, of course, we're getting ready for the Stanley Cup final on our on our chicklets road trip.
Yeah. So I think we record the last one.
I might have been in New York for that one.
And I was doing the Devil's Rangers series with Pasha.
And then I bounced back to Sweden.
I put in I did daddy duties for a few weeks.
The weather was turning nice there.
It was great time to be back there,
but the Stanley Cup playoffs called.
I got on a plane.
I was in Vegas games one and two,
covering it for Chiclets game notes.
Had a time out there.
That place is amazing.
And now I'm down in Florida to cover these two games.
I think we've been on,
I think you especially, me a little bit.
And G, I know, because we've brought up the workout thing i've started playing tennis i know merles
has started doing double workouts i i've tried to diet and doing the tennis thing here lately
hopefully getting rid of the boiler getting rid of the man boobs trying to get it back going again
um gee is that still going with you because we're all gonna you know we're
all gonna meet up in fort lauderdale and we're gonna be there together and we gotta we gotta
feel good about ourselves right bud yeah i wouldn't say i look great right now i have
i've continued to work out i wouldn't say look great right now because my problem is the second
it gets nice out i supplement rollerblading for working out.
I'll go play street hockey or go rollerblade
for like two hours around Hoboken.
I get back and I'm like, oh, that's my workout for the day.
But then I look in the mirror at my like deflated,
gross, tiny little arms and I'm like,
this doesn't count.
This isn't a workout.
I still need to do workouts other than doing the cardio
with the blade gang stuff.
But yeah, I look like shit. What else is new? Well, I hope everyone cardio with the blade gang stuff. But yeah,
I look like shit.
What else is new?
Well,
I hope everyone's enjoying the summer,
man.
I got my boy,
Sean Sweezum,
ex NFL kicker,
the golden toe.
He still lives here in Pittsburgh.
He's been trying to save me and take me play tennis.
My tennis partner.
We've recruited a few more guys creating our own racket club,
if you will,
which has been really fun.
I need a group.
I need support.
I need people around me. I need to be on a team. Mer merles you know that i'm a team guy you know you need each other
i know you have the best team guys i ever had yeah thanks buddy i know you have willpower to go on
your own hit the treadmills go for your jog go do your thing and i give you people that do that you
and the likes of people like that a ton of credit i think that's like the hardest thing to do to go
find time for yourself and then push yourself on top of it so good job to everyone pounding the pavement out
there and making it work what else anything else popping up here boys anything else on the radar
yeah one thing on the radar from my end is just we've talked about it for so long when are we
going to do a game notes daily chat meetup when is the chat meetup coming? It's finally coming.
Saturday, June 10th, I believe.
Yep.
In Fort Lauderdale, 4 to 6 p.m. at the Tin Roof.
Can't wait for it.
Right before game four.
So excited to meet all the Game Notes listeners,
but it's going to be Pink Whitney.
It's going to be Big Deal Brewing.
It's just going to be a big party,
and I can't wait to get down there. Swasson, your Muggsy jeans just flying. It's going to be Pink Whitney. It's going to be Big Deal Brewing. It's just going to be a big party and I can't wait to get down there.
Swasson, your Muggsy jeans
just flying. It's going to be hot. We're going
to be doing summer. We're going to have
sunglasses on. It's going to be amazing to
see everybody. Chicklets fans, Game
Notes fans. Don't forget the sunscreen
this time in Tampa. You were forgetting the
sunscreen. Oh, buddy. The good thing
that guy had that. Remember that the yacht
interview with Colby cohen
our boy which is big news i saw he's leaving chicago i saw he tweeted out he's he's heading
back out to the philly area probably going to start a poker game out there or something we
know it's in his bloodlines uh great guy but a great interview and i did forget the sunscreen g
and that interview should be coming out in the next couple months but we do have that colby cohen
interview coming we do yeah okay greatby Cohen interview coming. We do.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Awesome.
I feel for him because he had a,
he has a newborn and that's why he's moving back to where his,
his wife's family's from,
where his family's from.
You have to be near family.
I had my baby.
We were living away from both families during COVID.
It's nice when Grammy and grandpa can come over and watch for your,
your uncle,
Tom can come over and watch the kid for you. So I don't have that really. Like I got Wilkes-Barre. It's like when Grammy and grandpa can come over and watch for your, your uncle Tom can come over and watch the kid for you.
So I don't have that really.
Like I got Wilkes-Barre.
It's like a five,
five hour,
five and a half hour drive cross state boys.
But you're right.
You're tough.
It's,
it's a battle in my,
I'm from Saskatoon.
I mean,
that's a two and a half day drive.
You know,
there's a job opening there now with Keith Jones,
leaving the flyers broadcast team too.
Right.
Like is, isn't there a position open for Colby to swing in there and take?
We need the support.
Rumor boys.
I don't know.
I got to get on that.
I think this is my game plan, and I'll say it.
I think when the final is done, TNT will take a deep breath.
They'll recalibrate.
They'll go, damn, Biz was really good.
Holy shit, he was so good.
And then they'll start to think about next year
and kind of what they're going to do.
And that's when I get strategic and I form an attack plan.
Maybe I need you guys on board helping me do that.
Maybe people in Florida come up to me and go,
hey, I have experience on how to formulate these attack plans.
I know Singzy was in the military.
Maybe we can...
He knows how to do that.
Maybe we could formulate something on the
way that we're going to attack, maybe
guerrilla attack, TNT
combined. Send the soldiers
in the chat just at TNT. You have
so many soldiers in the army chat.
Just send them at tnt tweet the
tnt execs send them send them mail send them everything you possibly can to let them know
hashtag we want army on tnt yeah i love that g what a great let's go let's go we're starting
the social media from all angles hit them from everywhere that's right hey burls and when you're
on the ground later back in Sweden,
get it coming from overseas too.
The streamers, the hardcore streamers over in Sweden,
get them going on that too.
That's a great call, G.
When you get down here, you're going to run into all these guys.
I tell you, I haven't seen Edzo in forever, our old coach.
I ran into him out in Vegas, and now I was just over at the hotel,
I won't say where, to have breakfast with Biz, and I hear him again. I'm like, I was over at the hotel. I won't say where to have breakfast with biz.
And I run, I hear him again.
I'm like, I know that voice.
He's like, Oh, what do you mean?
I'm like, I remember that voice yelling me on the bench Edzo.
But I heard that too.
Like I heard, I heard when he's in games here for Pittsburgh,
like people, small town kind of here in Pittsburgh,
that people would be like eating lunch and Edzo would like walk by in an
area.
And they're like, I heard this voice.
And it was Edzo just because he was, he was a was a you know voice of the penguins for a while then he
went to be the coach and obviously he's national broadcaster so it's like those things just kind
of seep into your head a little bit um and edzo's kind of seen everywhere so that's kind of cool
that he's the nicest guy he's the best guy and that's why i remember wanting to play so well
for him and we would be there playing we We had tough teams. We had bad teams.
We couldn't win.
But I always felt like he was a coach I wanted to play for.
Yeah.
You felt indebted to him.
Like he's like a player's coach, right?
Like he's the kind of guy you wanted to battle for, for sure.
Just the way he talked to you like a regular guy.
He's a player, you know?
Yeah.
He talks to you like a hockey guy.
So great guy.
And obviously that's the A-team G, right?
It's like Edzo and Jonesy. Oh, yeah. They're the analysts's the A-team G, right? It's like Edzo and Jonesy.
Oh, yeah.
They're the analysts on that A-team.
So it'll be interesting to see the way it shakes out,
but I don't think any of that stuff would hurt.
So great call on that.
Love it.
Formulate a plan.
We'll get a one-on-one real plan.
Like right at game time Saturday,
we just go and like kidnap Jonesy.
They don't have a guy between the benches.
All of a sudden you pop up wearing a suit.
We're just pouring Big Red Knee down his throat his throat he's like he can't talk anymore we're like backup color
commentator i come in in my mixer shirt that's it i'm between the benches the boys oh the stanley
cup final who would have thought yeah here we go arby yeah great move that'll that'll go over
really well jonesy's
handcuffed in like a broom closet at the rink in florida gm joe gm joe will take care of that for
us one call army i just got to make one call to gm joe and he'll take care of you that guy's the
guy that would do it gm joe this guy might make an appearance again in the final who knows you
never know when that guy will pop up but that's the guy i think we'd look at um all right let's get into the show
though boys without further ado we got to get in to a segment that we like to call chicklets chirps
and in ra i mean sorry in army real quick and i'm used to jumping in and correct an ra but army real
quick we're gonna be recapping game three after the game tonight.
So we're recording before the game recording majority of the show before the
game,
but after game three tonight,
we're going to be jumping on and we're going to record the recap then.
So if you want to get right to the recap,
just skip to the end here,
but this is the good stuff.
This is what people come for.
Absolutely.
I haven't so good that we have you here,
G cause I haven't written down recap at the end of the show. Make sure to let them know. And I skipped right over that. I'm an unbelievable host. T jeans, chinos, yoggers, or joggers as they like
to call them, ever. Made from buttery soft patented stretch materials that look stylish
but are insanely comfortable. Never too baggy, but never too tight. Mugsy's also just dropped
Coolmax denim. That's right, Coolmax denim that are like air conditioners
for your legs they spent years in the lab developing the most breathable jeans ever
designed with the lightweight fibers to ensure a cool breeze with every single step these jeans
come in enough colors to make a pack of crayons jealous that's right these are the only jeans you'll wear
this summer go from the backyard barbecue to the bar in one swift motion all summer long who doesn't
want to do that we all do head to mugsyjeans.com and get 10 off now using code chiclets that's 10
some of the most premium jeans chino swimwear and shorts on the
internet mugsy also offers free shipping and returns so there's absolutely no risk for giving
them a spin if you're in chicago or austin texas make sure to head downtown and check out their
storefronts as well easy vibes every time enjoy a beer as you shop if you're in boston or dc keep an eye out for a
mugsy store coming in june 2023 okay yeah skip to the end of the show if you want the recap but
stay for the good stuff as we get it going right now for a segment we like to call chicklets chirps
it's where we look at the month in the past that has come and gone which has been tons of stuff
we've had live streams we've had action all. The boys have had hot take central. Rumor boys have been kicking off.
And so we just kind of look back at some of these things.
I love doing this.
It's hilarious to kind of take shots at our, what do we call it?
Co-workers, would we say?
I think that's what the real business people call them.
Yeah, what do we call it?
Sister pod.
It's our sister pod.
Our sister pod, yeah.
Our sister pod that has taken over the hockey world
just doing such an amazing job but you know you got to take shots at them when you can because
that's what we do in this segment and i'd like first like biz yes he's had hot takes and we
know he's been on the leafs and his heart has been broken now national tv but now with the golden
knights they he he said that they ran out of mojo. And now, just most recent podcast, he's come back and he's flip-flopped now into their, they can't be stopped.
The mojo's unstoppable.
The mojo's unstoppable.
Why don't I play a clip, Army, real quick of both?
The mojo trumps the misfits.
Say it with me now.
The mojo trumps the misfits say it with me now the mojo trumps the misfits bring the stanley cup to south
florida there's a new champion in town i'll see you at the elbow room any way you look, they have it figured out. I know.
The Misfits ran out the mojo.
I've been saying it from the beginning,
right, R.A.? The Misfits
would run out the mojo.
Boom. So there it is. There it is, Murr.
What do you have to say about this guy?
And then he's saying, I told you guys
the whole time, the Misfit mojo.
I told you the whole time.
I'm like, wait a minute.
Didn't he pick Florida to win the series?
So I had to go back and look at my notes and then look at the Instagram.
He picked Florida.
So I don't know what he's been telling us the whole time about Vegas.
This guy, like this is where he gets off.
And he's the only guy I feel like in hockey or in any sport for that matter.
Because, you know, takes are so, you know, popular, right?
Like that you have to have an opinion and you have to say what you're seeing
and what you think.
And, you know, a lot of guys get crucified for getting wrong.
Busy just slides through it all.
Busy's going to slide through the Vegas mojo one.
He might.
I don't know.
Like this is how he rolls.
He's like Eichel through the neutral zone.
He slithers. He's almost like Portnel through the neutral zone, just slithering around.
He slithers.
He's almost like Portnoy in a sense where like when he's wrong about
something, he just,
he turns it into something like big that's going to benefit.
You know what I mean?
Like he just like, he's so good at like flipping stuff in his favor.
You know what I mean?
He gets a twinkle in his eye when he's wrong.
It's like Portnoy does.
They get a twinkle in their eye when something happens that they know that they can they can come they can reassess come from another angle
kind of own it they do own it but own it to the point of like you're wrong i'm right now
entertainment geniuses it's amazing how they do it it's amazing what else you got from these guys
here i yeah i this one just popped into my head because we were talking about the live streams how they do it. It's amazing. What else you got from these guys here? I, yeah,
I,
this one just popped into my head because we were talking about the live streams and the shows.
It's hard to keep track of all of them.
And a lot of them I was doing at four or 5.
AM.
So I can't remember anything,
but I know there's one thing we're all still waiting on is RA guaranteeing
the Rangers are going to hire a lobby.
Let,
and you know,
he,
he said the skull it.
So that news still hasn't come out,
but he's got to be sweating it out.
Do we have a picture of the old skullet?
Do you have anything on that, G?
So he would never let us get a picture with the hat off,
but I'll run something up right now.
And you can see that he definitely has had the skullet in the past,
but it's coming back, baby.
Yeah, I love that.
I love that we got a little look at it.
I hope he gives us a full a full like turnaround view of it we've got to get some
content on the mullet or the skullet once he gets it going back again of course made famous in covid
times uh but it may be coming back as ra put his nuts on the line that laviolette will be the new
coach and then all of a sudden like he said that and then like three days later it's like john heinines fired from nashville interviewing john hines or the new york rangers and we're just like
oh my god here we go yeah he had it said like it was going to be announced in the next like two
hours he had he had something and all insider all right insider ra who has become a massive G and Merle's Panthers fan.
Like this is something that's just been long running too.
How does, I don't know.
I'm not from Boston and I know fandom in certain places is big,
but particularly like Bruins fans, they all share like that accent,
the mass whole thing.
They're like diehard with their teams.
Gee, you can touch on this probably just being from
there what does a fandom mean to you guys and how big is this that he's still just like toting around
panthers hats he has that little panthers like tote bag that i saw at the fdny nypd game that
he had a little like it's like a reebok bag with a panthers logo i'm dying with seeing this guy now
he's got a 40 to 1 ticket which is like i get it rep your panthers you got to do your with a Panthers logo on it. I'm dying seeing this guy now. Who is this guy?
He's got a 40 to 1 ticket,
which is like, I get it.
Rep your Panthers.
You got to do your thing.
But at the same time,
it's like the two days
after the bees get knocked out,
he's going to get his haircut
and he's in full head to toe Panthers gears.
And who does he run into?
Charlie McAvoy at where he's getting his haircut.
Just like.
Did they get a picture together?
I don't think they did.
I'm sure McAvoy was like,
absolutely not.
You're heading to
the Panthers gear.
Yeah, unbelievable.
It would be one thing
if Boston lost to somebody else
and then he like,
all right, I'm jumping on Florida.
I got this ticket.
But they beat your team
in the biggest upset
in hockey history.
You can't jump this quickly to them.
I'm not the guy to talk about this though.
I party with the blues like three days after the Bruins in the cup final.
So maybe,
maybe ask Merle's own on this one.
Not me to your point though.
I imagine Florida's got a good group of guys too,
but it's so I don't blame him for that.
Cause most of the guys are really great guys,
but I've been around that blues team.
I've been in their room too.
And I've like talked to them or I've had beers with some of the guys this that's an old school beauty team that you
partied with too it's like for a modern game team really that's as that's as big broody and grindery
and old school style of dudes on that team that you can get so you that must have been a hell of
an experience anyway so you kind of had to do it when you have those guys like and they're all like they were all super good dudes well yeah it was like
that that whole story got blown so out of proportion like i was with the djs the djs
half they they just they flew me on a private jet to vegas and halfway in the air they are like oh
uh the st louis blues are going to be at the club tonight.
And I was like,
Oh,
okay,
cool.
Once we got to the club,
we were in there like room.
They do their pre-show huddle where they're like,
all right,
one,
two,
three break.
And then their stage manager comes up and he's like,
guys,
we're going to go see the Stanley cup right before we go on stage.
We like walked by their table.
I see big rig.
I see like Joel Edmondson.
I go dap them up i i have a couple
like a drink so it's not like you like got a ticket you bought a ticket to go to their cup
party or something it was just like so like you were there their table for 30 seconds my issue
was i took a video of me like with big rig in the cup like like an idiot but i barely i didn't party
with the cup i saw them for two seconds at a club and then kept going.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's a totally different story.
A hundred percent.
I'm a loser though.
Regardless.
A hundred percent.
You weren't there.
You weren't cheering them on.
You weren't like rooting them on right away.
Not to team the guys though.
You like the guys.
That's what I've come to see is I cheer for the guys.
I cheer for guys I like or players I like or guys that I've met that I'd really like.
And that's how I kind of roll now. Or teams that I watch and I like, players I like or guys that I've met that I'd really like. And that's how I kind of roll now or teams that I watch and I like,
I pick them.
To Ari's defense,
he grew up with Walker Chuck.
So it's like he,
that we,
we got to defend already there.
If he grew up with Walt,
seeing Matthew do this,
it's like,
eh.
Yeah.
And like he always says,
money,
money does talk.
And the way the third guy,
the way,
I don't know.
He's so down and out right now. Like, I don't know if we can chirp him too much i mean his house is falling apart
is he lost his tv today guys his family's out of town he's on a cold streak he lost all his money
he ran out of money he has no money just needs to see a nice rainbow a merles hey
hey the rainbow we just we're getting over another storm here.
Oh my God.
We got to talk about that.
Maybe some Game Notes Daily chirps as well.
Our most recent Game Notes Daily was absolutely insane, guys.
It was so funny.
It started with one line.
G called me out on it of taking a sniff at the Laura Parley,
which is a great person in our community and on our chat that really
researched.
I don't know.
She's,
she's amazing at putting together these parley.
She put together a really perfect,
like little three leg parley for us.
And I said,
I'm going to take a sniff at that.
G called me on it.
Like after he was giggling,
giggling,
giggling,
giggling,
giggling,
then finally you're going to sniff Laura.
Why don't I play the clip here?
Army play it back here.
I would,
what are your picks?
I would like to take a sniff
at the Laura
Parlay plus 611.
Thank you, Laura.
Can you put that in there again, Laura, so I can
see it? What was it again? Can we find that again?
We got to scroll through like a gallon of chats.
You're going to sniff Laura?
Take a sniff at the Laura. I forgot.
That didn't come out correctly. Sorry, Laura.
The Laura bet. Family show here. She's not a real person. It was the bet. The bet isn't come out correctly. Sorry, Laura. The Laura bet.
Family show here.
She's not a real person.
It was the bet.
The bet isn't a real person.
Laura is.
The bet isn't.
Harvey loves sniffing.
The chat's going to love it.
You're making content today, Harvey.
Harvey loves to sniff.
Uh-oh.
Here we go.
I'm like the Joe Biden of gambling.
He's sniffing. yeah bro what do you got oh that's funny i'm on here we go there it is she gave it to us again thank you laura no offense taken obviously she came back with it thank you
laura stone and there it is and that's how it like it started that's where it went to and it didn't stop the
entire show merles after you dropped the rainbow mo like the rainbow mojo gambling move where you
saw a rainbow that was a sign and now it's like tied into pride month tied into rainbows everywhere
tied into the evr rules if the show is off the rails the chat was going insane uh and it made
for maybe one of our better game note daily shows just because of
the total interaction with everybody.
It was crazy.
That's why the chat is so good because they,
they give us these stats and they,
they pick up on these things.
I didn't know.
I didn't realize it was pride month when I said it,
when this giant rainbow was just something I saw,
I thought could bring good luck to the team and the comments just go nuts.
And it's spit fires and goes and that.
And I love going on there because before I put my bets into it,
I have my picks.
I like,
I got some good picks,
but I usually pick up another one from them that I didn't really think
about.
And you're like,
Oh wow,
that's pretty good odds for that player or that team and stuff.
So that's why the chat is awesome.
I love the live show.
Yep.
Love it.
That love,
love what,
you know,
the chicklets nation is doing with our
with our father podcast it's just been crazy through the playoffs and then of course us here
at game notes with game notes daily and this podcast has been um absolutely just unbelievable
so thank you everyone for that changing gears now boys a little segment switch over to one of our
more popular segments a chance where we get to call
someone up to the show or send one down to the mindsies this is show or mindsies uh we like
starting off positive first so we'll go to the show who we're calling up what we're going to do
things that we've seen over the last month or so there's been lots in the news there's been lots
of good stories of greatness all over the place. It doesn't necessarily also have to be in hockey.
It's just some cool shit that we've seen that is definitely show worthy.
Where do we want to start?
Merle, do you want to go first?
You got your show ready to roll?
I got a show and I'm in the state of Florida.
So I am a politician.
I am putting the state of Florida in the show.
And it's not because I'm here.
It's not because I want to be treated well the week we're here.
Well,
listen to this.
So you got,
everybody knows the Panthers are,
everyone knows the Panthers are in the finals.
Yeah,
I can.
And I,
I like free big deal broom of that blue lights.
If,
if any of the contingent,
we don't even know what you call,
what do you call the Floridians,
Floridians,
the Floridians see me out and about,
but everyone
knows Florida Panthers, Miami Heat are
in the final, which is just, that's pretty amazing.
They're both eight seeds, which is
crazy. They both beat a
number one seed out of Boston,
which is always good to see, but
their East Coast Hockey
League team, the Florida Everblades, are in the
finals of the East Coast League.
I'm watching ESPN today. FSU women's softball. They're in the finals. everblades are in the finals of the east coast league i'm watching espn
today fsu women's softball they're in the finals and then what's the biggest news that happens
over this week lionel messi coming to inter miami for unlimited amounts of money the state of
florida is on fire and i mean the chicklets crew is coming down here so the state of florida is the show right
now great call i love that call merle everything is happening i saw that messy news break um
i guess what day is it thursday uh it was rumored but then i saw that like they're in talks it
hasn't been finished up yet but like this is something that's going to happen we'll see messy
that talk about like the biggest like world athlete like there's a handful of guys and obviously messy one of the greatest
all-time to ever do it in his sport and then on top of it in the world and what he what's he going
to make coming to miami like i saw the thing it's something crazy like there's jersey sales there's
apple tv subscriptions they're going to make a documentary.
Can you imagine if he ran into them down there?
He turned down 1.6 billion to go to some Saudi Arabia team for three years.
Wow.
They've given him all sorts.
I saw the list of wild stuff where he can make a ton of money. And I think at the end, he can get his own franchise, his own MLS franchise.
That's what Beckham got when they set a really low price on a franchise, basically,
where he can buy a franchise for super, super cheap.
Like anywhere he wants or the LA Galaxy.
That's where he was, right?
Is he now?
Yeah, he was in the Galaxy.
Now Beckham owns the team in Miami.
So he was able to get like an expansion team price
at super, super, super super cheap and that was
in beckham's contract when he came over oh yeah so you're that big and you're going to change the
game that much and you're going to make that much money and you're that huge to the league
obviously you get these great incentives to come over and and expand and grow the game and
and do that obviously the popularity of that sport it's it's huge but the popularity of that league
and everything here you know stateside and never mind over across the pond where it's insane has
grown like a ton over here so i mean inner miami so they had 1 million followers on um instagram
before this announcement after the announcement they had 5 million so just to show that like
he gained them 4 million followers in like 24 hours that's
fucking ridiculous yeah florida's popping off they also hosted the frozen four which we were
there for in tampa bay i mean everything's coming up florida which is insane that kind of goes into
my show army if you don't mind can i jump in here yeah so for my show i got logan cooley who was
i got the frozen four but he's coming back. He's coming back to Minnesota.
He has unfinished business.
He announced it this past month.
Him, Jimmy Snuggerud,
they're both going back to Minnesota.
And we had a long talk with Colby Cohen about this.
And I think it's, you don't need,
just because he dominated the college level,
he doesn't need to jump right to the NHL level, right?
Like the Arizona Coyotes probably aren't the best team for the rush to get
there,
right?
There's no rush.
Go play at Minnesota for another year.
Develop your skills.
Be the guy.
I mean,
nice is gone now,
but be that guy.
And,
uh,
I,
I just love to see it.
I think it's good for college hockey.
It's good for the university of Minnesota.
I look at the university of Minnesota kind of,
it's like the Toronto Maple Leafs
or like the, they're like the, like the New York Yankees of college,
college hockey.
So it's anytime the Minnesota Gophers are good, it's,
it's good for college hockey.
And correct me if I'm wrong.
Are they hosting next year too?
Is it them?
Yep.
Always had that.
So like that should give us that little shout out right there should give us
an interview with Cooley when we come down there next year,
if their team's in it and he's kicking around Logan,
the doors open.
And then we got a,
we got a little video of,
of Logan Cooley this past week with you army,
right?
Yeah.
Let's put it in there and then I'll explain. yep so there it is that was early morning dad uber drive to a rink about 35 minutes away from
my house not too bad of a drive i know but for pittsburgh it's like a little bit of a haul
and uh yeah cooley and his, there's this kid Mooney,
LJ Mooney's his cousin, Merles.
We've talked about this kid.
He's like a little wizard out there too.
He's sick.
He looks like, he looks like Cooley, but like smaller,
but like he's out there.
All these guys are flooding back,
but my son got to go out and skate with these guys.
And the practice is ran by LJ Mooney's dad,
John Mooney, who's awesome on the ice this guy runs an unbelievable practice so these guys come back start skating my son's 12 gets invited so he
was swimming with the in the deep water with the big boys trying to keep up it was awesome to see
out there banging bodies with cooley cooley's flying around out there of course he goes in up
to other skates and skates with like the millers and trochecks and jt millers trochecks all the guys that come back here and skate uh but uh at that skate in particular
so cool i have my son out there skating with those guys and like trying to keep up to those guys and
uh yeah cool he's like a pittsburgh guy so we love to claim him and just a great kid too so i had a
chance to catch up with him after as well talk to to him about going back to college. He's excited to go back.
And just the situation of, of,
of trying to win a championship and how much fun he had in college.
I didn't go to college.
Murray,
you know that you were like my first guy that I met that was like,
we were rookies together in pro.
And you're like college,
dude,
college.
Merle took me to my first nerd school.
Imagine what it must be like at one of these real schools.
You went to a super nerd school.
And then you took me to like a college party in Wilkes-Barre which is hilarious I was
drinking like I forget what they it's like it's like a it's like a drink mix in the corner I think
it's like a legal and like jungle juice probably juice jungle juice I heard after like you can go
blind if you drink enough of that now it's like I never played beer pong before clear yeah it's
like something like green alcohol or something they mix it they go buy it and they bring it back and they mix it in
like a giant tupperware thing so that's a college life i never did it merles took me to my first
ever college party with people and at like wilkes university in wilkes-barre which was really fun
though we played we played uh which i'm sure all those guys do right like you play beer pong you
play flip cup i never did any of that stuff i was like 20 years old never did it so merles gave me the experience cool he's going back
one more year one more year calling him up to the show gee i love it my show is our good friend
gee it's funny how we're all kind of tying into each other here um i just think just because all
the work he does i'm gonna tummy stick you hard right now just especially i think the last week brother because vegas had to beat dallas in five games
there was a sweep on the other side with florida we were trying to plan the florida vegas chicklets
trip i was on you i'm like hey no one can get a hold of me for travel when am i traveling you're
like be patient be patient everything was happening securing hotels getting getting into the games um you know finding that
uh um setting up venues where we're gonna go like all this stuff was like on the fly
just insane never mind this year with what we've been able to do plus transitioning into game notes
daily which is a daily occurrence which has taken up space on your golf game and afternoons and
everything um so i i'm calling you up to the show brother your
showtime producer showtime friend showtime teammate uh and all the work that you did to
to kind of scrounge and make this all happen um don't let anyone else hear me say this or
let other guys hear me say this about you because i'll be like fuck g oh yeah i did some of that
stuff too but uh and everyone else on your team, G also,
I know there's other guys that I'm missing
that are with you behind the scenes
that are really, really valuable and important
in the cogs that kind of keep this wheel turning.
Yeah, we have an amazing team.
At the end of the day, you know,
I can't do any of this stuff myself.
And we really do have an amazing team.
And I'm just so lucky to work with all of them,
work with you guys.
And I say it all
the time, there's nothing in the world I love or care about more than Spittin' Chicklets. It's my
life. I think about it from when I wake up to when I go to bed. That's why I'm so protective of the
brand. That's why I get so upset when people say mean things online about the brand. I'll be the
first to jump down your throat. I love this brand. I love our fans so much. I still think, and I said it on the first day I joined the pod,
when I said, you don't have to pay me.
The sky is the limit for this thing.
I think we can take this thing to the moon.
I still feel that way.
Every day we open up different avenues and we learn which way this pod can go.
So I love this job.
I'm so lucky to live this life and I'm happy to be doing this
with you guys. I really appreciate the kind words on me. Yeah. Merle's yeah. Anytime, Paul. Thank
you so much. And game notes. I mean, we're not, we're not an easy crew to deal with. You got biz
flying all over the place with TNT. You got wit and his golf game. He's got to worry about, you
got our, all of us with the family, we got to do this and that. So we're, we're not an easy, uh,
group of customers, but thanks. It would be nice if we were we're not an easy uh group of customers but thanks
if we had uh you know six guys in one office if i needed an answer i could just walk over to your
desk and ask you i didn't have to go through all these leaps and bounds i'm like calling calling
your guys's wife being like is colby by his phone i need him to send the audio over yeah i'm calling
migs for to get in touch with merles but this is true you do do all this yeah you do do all that stuff contacting my wife or my wife contacting you for answers she's like what's
going on and she's like i'll just message g so you're the guy you're the guy that gets it all
done but shout out to fish poos equator if i'm missing anyone else back there they're all going
to the show someone else you don't really talk about like really ever on this show is jeff jacobson oh yes so jeff is he's business agent but he does and i like to call him like our business
manager now he does i complain that i'm in meetings all day from when i wake up to when i
go to bed jeff jacobson's in those meetings with me you know what i mean he's dealing with biz too
on the other side of things so you got to give it a je Jeff. Jeff is a one of a kind and we wouldn't be in the position that we're in
without him.
Oh,
he's helping Sherpa me through a bunch of things too.
Even like just mental stuff too,
where I get like performance anxiety stuff or just feeling like work's
getting heavy.
So he's kind of like a mental guru as well.
He has all the,
all his hands in every kind of jar that chicklets is to offer.
So yeah,
he's,
he's,
he's part of that crew.
He's showtime calling them all up boys.
An amazing team.
We got an amazing team.
He's Jeff's the best.
I sat with him for game one of the Vegas and I missed half the game.
Cause just cause we were talking about so much different stuff and it not
wasn't just hockey or chicklets.
Like we're just talking everything.
He's the man.
Mindsies boys.
Let's shift gears.
Now we're tummy stick session is done. I don't have legs and
my legs don't work anymore. You know that feeling, Hey boys, you can start railing away too hard and
your legs go on you. So let's go to mindsies. This is where we, there's been something we don't like.
We sent them down to the mindsies. Um, I got on the list here. Merle's is going first. Merle's,
you want to lead us off? Yeah, I touched on it on it like i said it's a little fuzzy if it was a stream or if it was a podcast but the nhl rule and basically the rule everywhere
that when you take a shot it hits the post it doesn't count as a shot on goal where i'm and
like literally means it's a shot on goal it hit the actual goal so i don't understand why that wouldn't count as a shot on
goal and the the one reason i think of it is because of gambling i'm betting on guys that
overshot so if it hits the post like like the goalie missed it if it hits him here i get that
and i cash my bet and blah blah blah but the second reason is i used to have a coach in college at rpi dan friggin you would come down
and shoot and if you missed the net you had to go into the corner of the drill and do 10 push-ups
so same thing because that's where i learned when this doesn't count as we come down we hit the post
and he'd be like 10 push-ups i'm like you know what do you mean i hit the net so that whole rule
that it should be not count as a shot on goal
down to the minors count a poster crossbar as a shot so it hits the post and it stays out it's a
non-shot on goal and to your point merles i remember even in practice you know in the nhl
or whatever you shoot you hit the post the guys go hit the net as a joke you know making fun of
you that you can't like hit the net um But you shoot it, you hit the post,
you miss not a shot on goal,
nothing.
You shoot it,
hit the post and it goes in.
That's a shot on goal,
however.
So it's still hit the net.
And I think there's a great point to be made now that there's the,
you know,
emergence of more mainstream sports gambling to a stat like that,
because it's like never been bigger and it did hit the net.
So it's like,
there's a massive, who do you have to lobby to get this switched to get this put on the ledger put that
put this into the stats or the game notes uh to make sure that this counts how did who how does
this happen next year before the stanley cup finals when army our guy army is on the panel
with tnt and he's interviewing gary betman that's when we get it
in that's when we slide this question into old gary yeah just something i've been thinking of
getting on tnt yeah so anyone that's interested in that stat of merle sending the no shot shot
down to the mindsies yeah you just gotta start lobbying for me to get in there to get those
important questions in that's correct and like we got to be honest nobody's been under on shots guys oh everybody's always betting overs
yeah oh yeah you think it looks so easy right until a post rears its fucking ugly head and
then you're screwed i'm stuck on two shots when you had a guy at two and a half like come on give
me a break here uh g go go with your go with your mindsies pick. So I think I have the mindsies
that every single person in the world has this week.
This week it was announced that PGA
Tour and the Saudi-backed Live Golf
will be paired up. They're going to be merging.
And all I could think of was Jackie Moon going
merger, merger, merger when I heard that.
But what a joke.
I mean, what an absolute joke.
Witt did a great job
of breaking it all down.
We broke the news to him
live on the podcast
on the Spitting Chicklets podcast
this week, and I thought
he did a really good job.
I just I feel for the guys
like like Colin Morikawa,
who was offered
over 100 million dollars,
and he found out on Twitter
that this was happening.
Just an absolute joke.
Then,
you know,
them politicizing,
like using nine 11 as a pawn for people to go to PGA and not to live golf.
It's just a joke.
Jay Monahan's a loser.
And yeah,
it was,
you hate to see that.
I mean,
this is a massive,
massive story for sure.
Right now in the sports world.
And,
and for a lot of reasons and a lot of it is
minesies related so like for sure because you know these golfers were crucified for morals for
taking the money and going and playing in this when you know likely it was always kind of set up
because that happened fast as hell the merger that happened fast as hell that
these guys all came together with that kind of money on the table and those kind of you know
political moves used uh and moral moves used against these guys not to take the money for it
to all to come crashing down into one giant merger and guys are left standing going what the hell
happened what did we just do i found out on twitter so yeah vinesy's hardcore unbelievable story the story is going away like i don't know
what's going to happen with it or or how it's going to come down or there's more to be said
about it for sure uh what happened in the players meeting with the you know commissioner of their
league and and how this is all going to shape up and i'm hearing i'm here i heard something about
uh a union possibly of some sort
now with the player i don't know so there might be bigger things to be heard through all of this
um but yeah this is just the beginning army just the beginning it just dropped it's taken over the
sports world it's just dropped so amazing news amazing minds east g mine is air canada and i
know we've had problems with this i went up to work at Jack links commercial up for Rogers up in Canada, had to get to Toronto.
I'm sitting at the airport, um, which I have to drive South in Pittsburgh to get the airport 35
minutes, not a big deal. Um, but I would only had to drive, you know, five hours North to get to
Toronto. So there's, you know, an extra half an hour on my drive. Needless to say, you're nowhere. I'm going with this. I get there. My flight gets
delayed and it gets delayed again. And it gets delayed two hours. Now I'm looking at the clock
and I'm going, okay, do I wait this out? Because it's still five hour drive. I'm still, if the
flight still goes off at that time, I'm still getting in a better time. I'm trying to do the
math. I'm hanging out. Oh, I met a great guy while I was
sitting there waiting. Uh, I wrote his name down. I think I wrote his name down. He was going to
play some golf tournament somewhere. He, he plays, um, he's a catcher for baseball team in Youngstown,
uh, college team there. I think they're like division two or some division three, maybe
baseball. Great dude going to meet his brother. Who's ady um uh in golf as well and kind of bombs
around i forget what course they were going to but uh needless to say my flight then later
recalibrates to it's bumped up now so it's not like two hours it's like an hour and a half
and then five minutes later i get an email canceled your flight has been canceled and i'm
like what a game of like what a game of of, I was just like, I called, I called
our travel person at Rogers.
I'm like, I'm driving, got in my car, bombed up the Buffalo car service, met me there,
brought me up the rest of the way.
I got in at two in the morning, got up the next day, ripped the Jack link shoot all day
long, got back in the car, drove back, picked up my car, drove back and was home in time
for puck drop on game two so what a day air canada
screwed me you're going to the mines he's air canada and and that might come back and haunt me
because you don't really have any other options to fly up in canada it's a monopoly it's a straight
monopoly a monopolist uh company like that just sending you down for a little conditioning it's
a numbers it's a numbers thing we going to call you right back up.
You didn't have to clear waivers, so we're going to send you down.
And on top of it, I'm dealing with a ticket that was canceled
that they put in their computer wrong.
My wife can't talk to a human being at Air Canada either.
Just customer service has gone out.
When you own everything, you don't have to worry about it
because they always use you.
And I think Air Canada is in that boat where they don't have to do
customer service super well either. So suck it, Air Canada. You're in the minesies it because they always use you and i think air canada is in that boat where they don't have to do customer service super well either so suck it air canada
you're in the mindsies until i need to use you again then i may you know come back rubbing your
back on how great you are so stay tuned for that one but you're in the mindsies right now love it
i love it boys there it is all right now before we go any further i got to talk to you about chevy
you know we've been a part of che EV family, but we've got big news.
The first ever all-electric Silverado is officially Barstool's most valuable truck.
You might have seen the commercials.
We've got the chance to see this thing and experience it, and it's a game changer.
Available, 400-mile range, GM estimated on a full charge.
Over 10 feet of length in the bed with a multi-flex tailgate combined with a multi-flex mid-gate.
Large 17-inch diagonal display screen.
Are you kidding me?
That's huge.
It can tow up to 10,000 pounds of max towing.
Zero to 60 in under 4.5 seconds with wow mode up to an impressive 785 foot pounds of torque
head over to chevy.com to learn more now we're going to get to our favorite segment boys i know
i like that segment a lot of people do too because i get we get messaged a lot send them to the
minds he send them to the show like i get a lot of social messages on uh instagram and twitter
um the next segment we do as well beer league heroes merles this is a this is a great segment
we're just trying to clean up this league everybody no matter how good you are doesn't
matter where your career took you we all end up in the beer leagues at the end of the day so how
are we going to keep the chaos of this league for people that just want to come out to have exercise,
people that want to play the game that we all love
and love to talk about, but they don't know.
They don't know how to do it, Merle.
Hey, I tell you what, I'm going back to Troy
when this cup is over.
I got four games scheduled for the Morse Tree service
with Jason Schmidt.
I got to shout him out.
He's my coach.
He slides me in on the roster.
I'm a sub.
Yeah, a ringer. That's what they're called in beer league a ringer they think i'm gonna be a ringer but i'm so out of
shape and so bad now and i usually have bat blue lights before with a game so i'm usually not much
of a ringer but we're under our eighth rule already and one thing that drives me nuts when I go there, because like I said, I'm not as swift
and agile as I used to be, is in the locker room. There's a locker room etiquette. And the first
part of locker room etiquette is when you're done getting dressed, fold up your bag and put it
underneath your seat. There's nothing worse than trying to get out of the locker room.
One guy's still tying his skate. so you're stepping over a bag,
and then you almost slice that guy's finger off.
The one thing
I really hate about in the locker room, too,
is I'm on the guys when I'm there,
is after, throw your tape
in the garbage. It's not that hard.
It's not that difficult.
Even pick up another guy's that missed.
So stuff like that in the locker room.
Do you have any,
any other ones drive you nuts?
No loogies,
no floor.
That's the worst. You're tiptoeing around and you're bare feet and you step in some guys
loogie.
That's the worst.
But I used to,
you remember Syracuse,
a war Memorial.
I used to get the seat.
There's a pillar in the,
in the room.
It's,
it's like a giant cement circular pillar.
That's like kind of awkwardly
placed in front of these two stalls so if you sit in one of those stalls it's hard for you to like
totally stretch out straight it's that close to the to the to where your like stall is
this this pillar is like covered in brown loogies all over the place it is it is the most savage
disgusting thing like hockey dress
rooms in general are pretty gross right like showering there's spit there's all this sweat
it's it's kind of disgusting as it is so do your best to keep those places clean i agree it's just
nothing worse than you know when you're changing in your hockey underwear and there's like wet
shit on the floor and i know what happens just with showering and stuff and the next team comes right in.
But do your best to operate and keep these places
how you found them or leave them better
than you found them in some cases.
And I think that's a rule since you're like
fucking six years old in hockey.
You learn that rule.
But if you're a scumbag and you leave your tape laying around
and people come in there, even the rink people that work there
got to come in there and clean it up.
It's just disgusting.
It's brutal.
So take care of your spaces.
Take care of where you're at.
Take care of your hockey team.
Show some respect for the goddamn game that we all love
and clean up after yourselves and keep those places organized.
I think under the bag, under the bench murals is massive for our guys
just because it's harder than you think with these guys.
That's why these rolly fucking bags.
Like, where are you putting the rolly bag when you can't fold it?
And I'm and I'm telling you, another part of this is because it is called the Beer League Hero segment.
Put the beer cans in there or even better, take the beer cans home with you or drop them off in the lobby and the kids donation.
Don't leave the beer
cans laying around because that's the first thing the rink manager comes in at night and he's
picking up beer cans he's gonna be like screw this no more beer in the locker room because
it's happening at rinks i go to so then you're not allowed to drink in the locker room after so
keep it clean don't make him pick up for you. And everything will be clear sailing for us.
I love it.
So there it is.
That is rule number eight of our all-important Beer League heroes.
From shower sheriff to roller bags to beer swindler guy.
That was a good one.
To hero act shifts, like not being a loser, not being a hard-o.
We got all got to go work tomorrow.
Don't wear number 99.
That's the way. No, that's a great one. You can go work tomorrow. Don't wear number 99. That's the way.
No, that's a great one.
You can't do that.
Dress like a pro, no different colored socks.
I think we nailed everything to keeping your space clean and tidy and tidied up
and taking care of each other and take care of your rink.
That's your goddamn rink.
Your kid probably plays there too.
Why would you go in there and make a disgrace of this place?
Take care of your space.
So, you know, that's rule number eight.
That's our last rule too.
That's it for Beer League Heroes.
So take this wealth of knowledge, Merle's.
It's a free class on how to operate
and how to be a better beer leaguer
and a better teammate and a better pro
and a better person in the hockey community.
And thank you to everybody all year.
We've gotten so many videos and texts
of all the different Beer League stuff. It's so much fun many videos and texts of all the different beer league stuff.
It's so much fun seeing it and hearing about all the teams and the stories.
It's funny when they start to intertwine to like beer league heroes,
pictures of guys online getting sent to us,
intertwining with mindsies or show like certain guys that are doing stuff.
Like, I mean,
we had guys sending videos of their team with charcuterie boards in the
dressing room and stuff. It was hilarious. of their team with charcuterie boards in the dressing room and stuff it was hilarious like guys are bringing charcuterie boards so
shout out to everyone that participated g yeah you're laughing your ass off over there like this
thing has got a mind of its own i'm just thinking about pasha like i know pasha plays beer league
and west van sometimes and i can just picture him he's the charcuterie god i picture him showing up
with a charcuterie board in one hand and his
rolly bag in the other that's a do tripper that's you carry your bag and set it up with the stick
and the stick rack go back out there get the charcuterie and bring in the bring in the mix
or whatever you have to bring for whatever your night was so yeah amazing amazing a lot of those
seasons are winding down too if they haven't already and a lot of the summer leagues are starting up so good luck with all that stay safe we all got to go to work tomorrow so
uh enjoy get good sweat in um and that's our beer league heroes segment for the season
as uh this episode is our is our final episode of of game notes proper but you can still find us on
game notes daily every game day right now through the playoffs where we give you unbelievable gambling tips gambling picks uh hockey talk great guests
and uh overall fun and interaction from our fans on the chat um you good murals that was kind of
your brainchild murals that was your brain yeah that was good one because i i know that beer league
are a big group of people that listen to us and i just want to be a better experience for everybody i want to be a better experience when i go play and uh i think that's
going to help everybody make it better for everyone and that's why we're here so i love it
and i love if anything if anything if they take one rule i would i would hope that it's the the
clean it up uh portion with like dress like a pro.
Cause I like,
as you're getting your equipment on or as you're buying your equipment, I think it's important to like,
look good.
Like you got to look like a pro,
like the gangly socks,
the brutal tape,
the skate laces around,
like all that shit.
Like it's like,
do you watch the game?
Who's your favorite player?
What does he look like?
It's expensive to go buy a pair of,
you know,
20 socks.
You know what I mean? Like, yeah, it's, it's the little things you don't to go buy a pair of you know 20 socks you know
what i mean like yeah it's it's the little things you don't have to buy a 400 stick but having
20 socks like that makes a difference yeah it's just look clean it up it looks better like if you
like austin matthews or you like you know the way these guys look on the ice like how come you're
going to the rink and looking like a like you just rolled out of a dumpster with your gear like i get it it's just it's just fashion a little bit like have have a little pride
in the way you look out there i think that's that's one when i show up and i see these guys
i played in a bugsy malone event uh this warriors hockey team there's a guy on the team he was
unbelievable we called him the drip king he had like a tinted visor then he had another helmet
that he brought out with a different all he cared about with us was how he looked he had white gloves he had pink laces and his skates
which was like but he just everything he had was just unbelievable that he cared about how cool
everything was but that's like over that's like over the over the line now that's like goalies
you know how goalies get to do all that cool shit i i admired him for like putting on a show with
like his style a little bit.
Like he had the style going hard.
Yeah.
Shout out to Bugsy real quick too.
He's doing so much great stuff with the Malone Family Foundation.
Every day I feel like I go on the internet,
I see something new that they're doing,
some new initiatives.
So go check that out.
They're doing a lot of cool stuff there.
Yeah.
They just sent a Warriors hockey team to a Warriors hockey tournament in
Minnesota.
So some fundraising done with that, with that hockey game that we played in,
raised money for him to cut a check to send a full roster full of ex-military.
And they welcome anyone.
One day of playing hockey to no days of playing hockey, you can come play on this team.
And he sent a team out to Minnesota.
They lost.
I think the team from here lost in the final, which um which was cool i got an update from bugsy about that so yes shout out
to bugsy for that as well um as you know beer league comes in a lot of different leagues division
one to division five to people that are doing it because um it saves their lives as well so shout
out to yeah shout out to bugsy shout out to hockey fucking right, Bugsy's the best. Go back. I got one more because
when you're talking about the style, there was one
thing we missed last week and this guy, Jeff Dames
told me about it. One
thing that should not be allowed is those
remember those Seidenberg blades?
Oh, the rollers blades?
You can hear them coming?
Those shouldn't be allowed in the beer leagues.
Oh, Ron McLean was rocking
those too. I remember seeing like Ron McLean up in Canada.
He'd be doing a shoot and he had the T blades on too.
He loved them.
But like, you're not sneaking up on anyone with those crunchy things.
It looks like you're wearing the sound of that though.
That was like ASMR porn to me.
Like those things cutting through the ice.
But also the tuck on those or toque, as some of you guys like to call it, is, is circle.
It's a bunch of circles so it looks
like you're you're legit on on wheels it looks like rollerblades too which is like hilarious
wearing those things is like having spinning rims on your car now yeah exactly
yeah the t-blades are done thank you to your buddy for giving that a shout out that's an extra added
bonus rule number nine you throw the t-blades out if you got them i agree with that t-blades is gonna send it send us an email
like what the fuck i hope they weren't a sponsor welcome to game notes presented by t-blades next
we'll have to talk about how great they are oh my god that's hilarious you're right though that
cutting sound does sound pretty good
gee yeah it's a good sound the first guy on the ice you step on there and no one else is out yet
you're just porn man it's porn i love it uh all right thank you thank you everyone for following
along with that and sending us all your stuff uh get to the next segment a segment that encompasses
you know more of the competitive hockey world a segment segment we like to call Riding the Bus,
with all the other leagues that are kicking around, Merle's.
Where do you want to start with this?
A lot of leagues wrapping up, a lot of championships,
a lot of awards handed out.
Where are you going?
What league are you starting at?
Yeah, I'll just lift off a couple of champions.
King of Europe.
You've been the king of Europe, of course.
Yeah, we listed all them up.
Europe's been done.
There was a couple of leagues still going since last episode.
USHL wrapped up.
We got the Youngstown Phantoms.
Just down the road from me.
Let's go. Is that called the Clark Cup?
I think. Clark Cup, I believe.
We have the OHL. We know Peterborough
Peets took out G's
London Knights. We had the
WHL Seattle Thunderbirds.
They won theirs. Quebec
Remparts. They won the Quebec League.
We saw all of them at the Memorial Cup
and Kamloops joined them in the Memorial Cup.
And do you want to cover that?
Yeah, they're the horse team.
So congrats to Kamloops.
Congrats to the city of Kamloops and the Memorial Cup.
I watched a majority of the games when I could
and all leading to Patrick Waugh and his Quebec Remparts
with Simone Gagn as assistant coach
taking down the championship.
I believe they beat Seattle in the final 5-0 and shut the door,
shut them down.
And a shout out to James Malatesta, who had a great tournament as well.
I think he had five goals through the entirety of the tournament.
A 20-year-old player, fifth round pick pick the Columbus Boo Jackets as well um that
took home the MVP of the tournament so uh Quebec came in they were a class of the CHL majority of
the season uh Paddy Waugh had his team just ticking along unbelievable and uh they kind of rolled
through um the Memorial Cup right to the final obviously and then the shutout stamp on top of it
with a five nothing victory so shout out to the Quebecbec ramparts who got me tickets when i was in quebec at the quebec peewee tournament
some of the guys on their team as well cam thompson a couple maritime guys pitched together
some tickets to send me and my family to the game uh hockey mojo comes back to you know rear its
head and and rides them all the way to the uh Cup Championship. So they're national champions.
Now rumors of Paddy Wah.
Is he leaving?
Is he going?
What's happening with that?
Of course, time will tell.
There was also, Merle, some CHL awards handed out,
and there was a new record set by the first player
to ever collect these awards,
which was none other than Conor Bedard.
I wonder who that was.
Yeah, Connie.
Connie Bedard um who took
home uh tops top prospect award obviously he took that top score 143 points including 71 goals
in those 143 points in just 57 games i mean that was that's ridiculous numbers um and almost took
his team to battle back against
Saskatoon Blades in the first round of the playoffs they ended up losing that game in game
seven but he was all him I think he had 21 points in those seven games so that's just like ridiculous
as well on top of the season he had and player of the year award so he got all three of those awards
he took them all down and it's the first time that's ever happened in chl history so for the season that he's had they handed out these awards as well
just the other night at the memorial cup so amazing amazing season for bedard as he's i mean i would
say just getting started but you know obviously you know chief's losing his mind at the potential
of getting his hands on this guy with his Chicago Blackhawks.
Myrtle's like,
what a season.
We're going to talk a little bit more about him as he is still our number one
rated prospect going into the draft.
We'll get there.
Yeah.
But I got a couple other leagues.
We got the East coast league is still going.
Like I talked about Florida Everblades are in it.
They're up three to nothing.
So we could probably announce them as champion,
but the ahl is
just going to get underway i think tonight tomorrow this weekend are getting started either
way lchester lost out i know right because my buddy is back now he got back the other day they
just lost out so his wife can stop pulling her hair out with their kids all running around the
house because he's been away in rochesters their team kept winning and winning and winning.
Yeah.
So my buddy's the coach there,
Seth Appert.
He used to coach the U S national team.
He's there,
made them a run,
keep an eye out for him for an NHL job at some point, but they lost to the Hershey bears and Todd Nelson.
Who's a,
who's been a veteran coach,
AHL,
NHL assistant,
a little head in Atlanta.
So that's another,
another guy.
Keep an eye on.
They're playing Coachella Valley.
Is it Thunder?
Coachella Valley Thunderbirds.
That could be a complete lie,
but their coach is Dan Bilesma.
Dan Bilesma,
who we all know.
That's a lie too.
Bilesma isn't there either.
No,
I thought he was the coach.
I'm joking.
I'm joking.
I saw a celebration. I was like, I'm pretty sure it's Dan Bilesma. Yeah, I think it is him. So I'm joking. I saw a celebration.
I was like, I'm pretty sure it's Dan Biles.
Yeah, I think it is him.
So that's Seattle's farm team, right?
Yep.
Seattle's.
Firebirds too.
The Firebirds.
Firebird.
I had the birds.
The birds.
I'm getting confused with all these teams,
but that's going to be a really good colder cup.
A lot of travel there.
A tough travel from Hershey.
What did we do, Merles?
Remember what we did when we played against Milwaukee in the American League? what did we do Merle's remember what we did when
we played against Milwaukee in the American League didn't we do I know we did share three
two or something didn't we do that but we shared it like with the boosties right we shared it with
their team and our boosties I think yeah we had like their team in the back then the boosties
were in the middle and then we were in the front or something like that. Yeah. The boosties is short hockey style term for the booster club of,
of our Wilkes-Barre team.
They,
they were awesome.
They're like,
they were like so good.
So they helped us.
Yeah.
Share a plane just because of the travel to get those games in.
But I think we did a two games somewhere,
then three,
then two,
of course we got swept.
So it didn't really matter,
but I mean,
I think that's what they're going to have to probably do in this situation, too,
with these two teams.
Just do the travel.
Great point on that.
Yeah, and then Hershey.
All I can tell you about, I didn't really follow the AHL this year,
but I followed one game.
It was the Hershey Bears at home for the Teddy Bear Toss,
and they're playing Bridgeport.
I said, oh, this is a nice looking line here.
Give Witt the call.
Hey, Witt, let's take Hershey.
They're the best team.
They're at home.
This Bridgeport team's not that good.
It's teddy bear toss, and that's the game they got shut out.
Didn't throw a teddy bear.
So is that a sign to get on Coachella?
Now all of a sudden, Hershey's in the finals.
Is that a sign to get on Coachella here for the final?
Is that what it is?
Merle's in Witt's revenge?
He's looking for any reason at anything Coachella. He just wants to coachella i'm there he's like wearing like his vintage shirts
and his jorts with his like sick ass like gucci collab shoes and he sleeps in a tent outside at
coachella and is this me or pasha you're talking about here. This is you with Coachella, buddy. You and Pasha, yeah. Pasha would be in the elite tent area or something.
Yeah.
Hotel beds on inside a tent or something.
He has like a headband on with like beads,
like dangling down with like scarves and shit.
Like got one braid in his hair.
Yeah.
That's so funny.
Oh man.
So there's our,
there's our look around some of these leagues that are happening,
but Merle's,
I know in another,
another thing that's actually of interest, which is really kind of cool.
Some would call it forward thinking.
Yeah,
this is good stuff.
This is champions league rule changes that they're going to sample.
And I know that we remember,
remember we're in the minors.
We had that,
we had the blue line that they made like six inches bigger.
Yeah.
So like the puck like could
get out but it wasn't all the way out so that you just get more room in the ozone was the idea of it
to keep more plays alive so the blue line instead of being this big the puck would come out come
across then they made it they extended it so now like you had more room for error on the blue lines
or to work the blue lines it looks weird looking at old footage of that but we were kind of the
brainchild that that that tried it out to see if some of these rules work now the champions league is making
some rule changes and so they're going ahead with this and some of them are kind of have been in
conversation for a while from different people in the hockey world to try to try to go for this you
want to you want to run down some of these yeah so just so if you don't know like the champions
league is kind of like this special tournament that goes on during the season of the European team.
So it'll say be the five best Swedish teams, the five best Finnish teams, five best Swiss teams, five best German.
So it's a league within like a league where they play out of market or out of league games.
But in this tournament during the year, right?
Yeah,
it goes on all year long.
It'll start in August and,
you know,
they'll play on that weekend and it's just kind of spread out throughout their
whole domestic seasons.
They do it in soccer.
It's their biggest thing in soccer.
So it means something,
but it really doesn't in the hockey,
in the soccer,
it's the biggest thing,
but in the hockey,
it's kind of really never taken off.
So it's a perfect time to try these rules and i really liked his first one that if you take a
penalty the team stays shorthanded for the full two minutes and they can score as many as they want
like a five minute major they can score the whole time and then you stay you stay power play so you
get a penalty you're eating that full penalty. Yep.
Yeah, I like that. So you want goals, you want more scoring,
you want more punishment for certain penalties.
And like, oh, wow, wow, he butt-ended that guy
and he gets out right away just because, like, you know,
no, like these guys still get to hammer you.
And there are instances where you get a five-minute major
where you have to stay in there the entire time
and you can go to work. in particular that's a change where i
high stick you in the face uh you know let's just say i get double minor i'm in there for the full
four and you guys can go to work and possibly no it's great for us the guys on the second pp unit
you know those guys are like damn it they scored so then you don't get out there. So they can score. And then my unit still gets out there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
More opportunity for some other slugs that don't necessarily get a shot at it, which
I always hated that being on a second PP unit, you clean up, you do mop up duty on that 20
seconds.
And it's just like mostly you break the puck and try to set it up and it expires.
So shout out to those slugs that get an opportunity in these situations in the champions league.
What's the next one?
Yeah.
And the next one I really enjoy too.
If you score on the delayed penalty,
so ref puts his arm up,
you pull your goalie.
It's now six on five.
You go down and you score in the past.
It's just been,
that's it.
Then you wash the guy,
the guy gets away with it.
Now he still has to play the penalty.
So you can score six on five.
He goes and sits in the box for the full two minutes.
Wow.
So, so much more opportunity for goals like this.
I'd love to see the stats and numbers on this science project
when it's done for scoring.
Yeah, we probably shouldn't talk too much about it.
We'll hit these overs on it right away.
Yeah, these Champions League overs.
We'll have to keep track of that.
This is right up your alley, Burr.
I see one more here.
Yeah, one more.
If the shorthanded team scores, the minor penalty ends,
which is a wild one.
So that's a counter to scoring goals.
I mean, that's still going to count as a goal,
but then the shorthanded team
might be going more you know you do get that opportunity you see that rush starting well
let's jump up and try to get out of this it's just a quirky little one i wonder how that's
going to end they should still if you score shorthanded you should still keep the power
play if they're really thinking correctly i mean that's i get it though it's like a little
advantage for the
killers if you're a sick killer and you know what that promotes it promotes putting guys like mcdavid
on the penalty kill it promotes putting your best players out there to possibly get a shorty to you
know extinguish that that penalty kill quicker and maybe that's what they're looking to do
it's promotion of slugs out of the game he's like yeah but i'm just like i just want him like a fourth line guy i just want to like block
shots and contribute on the pk and just be a pk guy and like i know i can do that and like work
on my game and uh those guys are like see you later like they're they're now saying see you
later to those guys because they don't care about those guys they want skill guys on the pk they
want goals on the pk they want you to take a chance to get out of that situation.
So a little quick little update on some rule changes.
Keep an eye for that.
See if they do get implemented down the road.
Champions League will be doing that in the Euro,
and Merle will have you covered for that all year next season
when they kick off.
Moving now to our final rankings for our prospects our prospects boys i think this is very important
um and i know merles has flip-flopped around a lot at one point when you were 30 beers deep you
had bedard as a third overall pick is this true is this true or false merles well he was a that
might have been true and then he well this guy dropped off the board completely now after chirping
biz but i think chirping is like that your biz i think that bumps him up even moves him back up in my ranking
he's back to number one but uh i want to hear more about you like you went out there and sat
down with him you're on the ice with him i know we talked a little bit about it already but i think
that was so cool to see him do that with biz on the big stage and feel comfortable enough to do that like you know we've seen like most of these guys and kids are just like
super rehearsed right they're super uh like like vanilla answers like what you want to hear
instead of just like throwing that out there and there's no way he kind of had that planned out it
was just something spur of the moment but it just goes to show like his personality but and i felt that too hanging out with him of course it was in his home i was
in the you know his north shore winter club and like i was in his territory so it put him at ease
a little bit more but i saw that as well like he's he's a good personality good kid good family and
you talk about showing personality too and um i don't know if this has been announced
yet but we interviewed adam fantilli on chicklets and that interview is going to come out before the
draft and man that kid has a ton of personality as well he was throwing chirps around he's making
jokes he was uh anaheim if they get him not only will the team be lucky to have him but the
franchise itself will be lucky to have him because that's a guy you
can market.
That's a guy you can build around.
He he'll be out in the community talking,
speaking.
He's a,
he's just,
he's an awesome kid.
Yeah.
It was good.
You brought that up.
Cause I got to be in on that interview with him too.
When,
when you guys did that and yeah,
like he's like same,
like Bedard,
like exactly the same.
Um,
and,
and I think,
you know,
we give these guys a tough time too about
their being hockey nerds and stuff but like fantilli came across and so did bedard with me
but in that interview for sure g people watch out for it just because he's like he's so authentically
like cool loves the game good kid like you know has a really great story too uh i think uh with
lee you know leaving home and and following the college. Uh, I think, uh, with Lee, you know, leaving home and
following the college path, which is in that interview, it's just such a, it was so cool to
kind of rub shoulders with him and like an important part of his life after just winning,
you know, world championship gold as well on top of it. Uh, which was really cool to see. So yeah,
he's right there in second, right behind, you know, I've rubbed shoulders with both these big
dogs, Mer, both of the one and two guys.
Let me give you a couple stats on my number two.
Oh, you got stats on him?
I was flip-flopping Carlson and him all year.
I saw Carlson a lot in my own eyes.
Then I finally saw Fantilli with my own eyes.
I moved him up.
He led the NCAA goals, 30.
Led it in points, 65.
Hobie Baker, freshman of the year.
Then he goes, freshman of the year.
Then he goes, he wins the world juniors and then the men's world.
I don't think there's any player in the world that's ever done all of that.
He is next level.
And from what you guys say, he's, he's got a personality.
You can see that like that, not the cocky cockiness,
but the confidence in his game,
that one interview he gave during the tournament where he's like, we're going to score the next goal basically um he's the number two prospect i love it i love
it so where do you have your guy where do you have your leo yeah so i got i moved i moved i moved leo
down to three although he looked great in the in the world against the men yeah he did look good
he looked great i mean these teams are all getting somebody good. Yeah.
And where do you have that Mitchkov?
Mitchkov, I moved him to four.
He's kind of a wild card, I think, because he's just like,
I think he's so nasty.
Yeah, he is.
I like him a lot.
Like, I would be like, if I'm sorry, if I'm like down in the draft,
like somewhere in that little hole after these big dogs somewhere
down like do you not muster something to kind of get up into that mitch cobb area philly i think
would be a perfect guy to get mitch cobb just hold on riles is calling my brother works for the flyers
not a big deal riles yep i got a text from riles the other day. He was mad that I was dogging the Flyers. Oh, yeah.
I was dogging him for making all these moves now.
What did you say?
You tweeted your like typical Flyers.
Yeah, that's true.
We didn't even bring that up either.
The trades that happened the other day with the Flyers,
Columbus Blue Jackets and LA Kings.
We got action during the playoffs.
It seems like they're selling hard right now.
It doesn't make sense.
They should have sold before the season ended. So they could have had a shot at Bedard.
But if they're selling, I mean, go get a guy,
draft Mitch Koff this year, go get Cole Iserman for next year,
start building for the future.
And you got something there.
Yeah.
And they already got, who'd they draft last year?
U.S. Development Program kid.
What's his name?
He has a cool ass name.
Tyson Forrester. No, no, he's old he he's already there they just drafted him this past year big forward played usa cutter goche yeah
cutter goche this kid's a player too like he's really good he's big good size good shot so yeah
start to stack the deck make some moves sell off sell off, get some guys. Carter Hartz, of course, name has now been bandied about,
talked about in them, you know, sniffing around to see if they can move him.
Pretty interesting stuff with the Flyers.
It's funny you bring them up for Mitchkov.
What else you got rounding out these picks, Merle, quickly?
My next guy is Axel Sandin Palika.
He's a Swedish guy.
I have him there because he's a D.
He's a right-handed D.
He can move.
He played in the under-18s against his own age,
and he was just dominant against the kids his own age.
Played all year, basically, in the SHL against men,
so you know he's ready.
And I'm just thinking teams are always looking for that D.
They're always looking for Makar or Heisken.
You hear Witt talk about it.
If you want to win the cup, you need
the D. So I just have him a little higher
than most people just because
he is right-handed.
Exactly.
Most people probably have Will Smith, who you
saw on the broadcast.
He was on Iowa and Vegas with Bedard.
Does he have a good slap shot?
Dad joke.
I don't know if we're allowed to talk about that,
so we're going to move on.
I got Zach Benson.
I got Dalibor Dvorsky in eight.
He's Slovak.
I think he's Slovak or Czech.
He played over in the second league in Sweden,
so he's been playing against good talent
you got ryan letters a u.s national kid that's just popped up so and we'll be there top guys
top nine i'm gonna do a blog i'm gonna leave to number 10 open to see what the comments say what
you guys say if something pops up here in the next week or so i'll get a blog out of all the
prospects right before we head down to the draft and or so I'll get a blog out of all the prospects
right before we head down to the draft and gee hit us with that Nashville buzz about the draft
oh we will be in Nashville we don't have the details fully ironed out but we will be in
Nashville for the draft doing some um doing some sandbaggers doing some interviews there's a whole
crew is going to be out there right like everyone Like everyone. Absolutely. But I'm a little frozen up here, guys.
I wouldn't say we have breaking news,
but there's a report that heavily affects one of the Chicklets own.
And it's per Elliott Freeman.
This is from Kyle Hall, New York.
Per Elliott Freeman,
there is belief that the Rangers had a second interview in person with John
Hines this week.
Holy shit.
Scull it.
Scull it.
Scull it.
John Hines.
Scull it.
Scull it.
Scull it.
Holy shit.
That's awesome.
I love it too.
I can stay on my Rangers.
I don't have to denounce my Rangers fanship here.
Wasn't John Hines and Chris Drury roommates at BU?
I'm 99 sure they played together there.
So that would not surprise me one bit.
Oh, this is not shaping up well.
Scull.
Scull.
Holy shit, RA.
I can't wait to see this.
Will he do it?
Do you think he'll do it? I think he's he'll do it i think he
will i do think you will i'm trying to see where these are coming up i can't see that at all
anywhere on my social so i'll leave it to you g producer g yeah giving us a little breaking
little insider on news on the skullet a skullet drop a skullet news drop everybody we got one more on this riding a bus segment yeah um before we get to
our game three recap which is uh what we're all about uh but the bchl this is big news and merles
you have a little bit of uh experience with something like this and why they would do
something like this in regards to leaving
um hockey canada and like the jurisdiction of hockey canada and playing under that um
you know under under what's the word i'm looking for umbrella umbrella there it is the umbrella of
hockey canada which every everyone in canada every organization for the most part is set up that your
fees all go in and it all go
hockey Canada takes a chunk of everything now BC and then obviously there's restrictions under that
to play under hockey hockey Canada guidelines with regards to getting players finding players
how you how you operate the BCHL has said you know we're going independent Merle's you you played in
a league that did this yeah so that's that's what, like, so the Canada
will say that you can only have say three guys that came back from the major junior. You can
only have five guys over 20. You have to have three guys under 20 can only have two guys under
20. I don't know. There's all these crazy stuff. How many imports you can have. So there's leagues
that will want to break away from that. It's obviously
like with the golf thing where there's
some money, there's a lot of other stuff going
into it, some politics. But I did
it in Toronto. Our Toronto Metro League did
it. So we broke away from Hockey Canada
and it was chaos.
So we got to have
two fight rule. So we had the
NHL style fight rule where you could fight
for fight, go go in sit in the
box for five minutes come back out and fight again you could wear a half shield we had this guy
matthew maglione he was 14 years old playing up in junior he was good wearing a half shield with
tim conley 15 wearing a half shield where in the u.s you had to be 18 like yeah or if you're there
like conor bedard had to wear like you have to wear
a bubble you know what i mean if you're so we had all of us wearing half shields we're all under 18
it was complete cast these other teams could have as many 20 year olds and guys from the ohl
it was a bloodbath up there that was the real iron league army imagine crews in two years wearing a
half shield no no like it's got you're talking about guys with braces wearing a half shield. No, no.
Like it's got, you're talking about guys with braces with a half shield.
So we're on the bus.
I don't know if you've ever heard this story,
but we were on the bus going up there.
First ever game.
We don't know what our parents got us into.
Like our parents just didn't want us to leave home really to go to the USHL
or Canada to play.
So they got us in this league.
My dad comes back with the game notes, funny as it is.
And I'm reading through Thornhill Islanders and you're reading it through. play so they got us in this league my dad comes back with the game notes funny as it is and i'm
reading through thornhill islanders and you're reading it through and you see this guy steve
kanopka not that not zen and kanopka playing hl this guy steve kanopka and you're looking at him
it's got his stats from last year 457 penalty minutes oh no it's a 50 game season we're like oh my god like i wonder what this guy looks like
we're petrified we it gets worse we get on the ice for warm-ups he comes out he had a half cage
it wasn't the plastic it was a black half cage you can't even fight him you'll blow your hands
apart yeah he was an absolute killer we were
petrified so we're we're going around and like they just they lay a beating on us so at the end
of the game this when the coaches were sending out guys to fight we send out our toughest guy
z back they send out like their third toughest guy i'm telling you z back comes in like this
boom boom boom gives him his three best punches we're like the guy goes ha ha ha
bam boom knocks you back right out wow this is 15 year olds yeah 15 we were 15 a lot of these
their guys are like 19 and 20 oh jesus so then that's like oh so nobody wants to go on the ice
he makes dom serino go on the ice and and dom sereno gets in front he's like at the goalie
and he's not really paying attention kanopka grabs him oh no just dom yeah he goes home two black
guys four hour bus ride home but that league um so i i have experience in that and it was just
it made for some wild wild stories that we can get into again another maybe it'll open up though
like i don't think it'll be like that in the BCHL,
because it's a fairly renowned league for people to go that want to go to college.
I think it's one of the better leagues with regards to Alberta Junior.
It was the top league for the last 20 years,
but now the USHL has kind of stolen that.
So I'm thinking that's why bc is doing it to try
to somehow get more younger players so they can get back to be in that feeder program for the
college yeah that's true i know benny bar was always up there before and now he's mostly just
ushl yeah because we have the sjhl i know out west anyway, SJHL, the Alberta Junior Hockey League. That's where McCarr played before he came to your boy, Benny Barr.
But BC was always the place for kids that wanted to chase the college route
to go just because the hockey was so good.
Plus, it doesn't hurt that you get to live in these beautiful places
out there in some of these nice little mountain towns and stuff.
That's pretty sick.
So keep your eye on that and what's going to come of that.
That'd be funny. It won't end up like the Metro the metro league yeah that'd be funny if we looked at it
and it's like the commissioner of the bchl is kanopka did anyone check out the commission of
the league is it maybe cannot steve kanopka is that his name steve i think i'm pretty sure steve
like a hockey db if they have his toronto metro not, I'll have my dad send a picture of the program.
The CEO's name is Steve,
which is kind of crazy,
but it's Steve Crocker.
That's his alias.
He might've had to change his name because of the beatings he put on the
Syracuse junior crunch.
All right,
guys,
there's a look around the hockey world.
Now let's go to our game three recap,
the Stanley cup final.
All right,
guys,
before we go any further i
want to talk to you about top legends with yarmir yogger as an ambassador top legends will be
celebrating ice hockey legends through their commemorative one-of-a-kind value notes each
series that top legends releases will feature seven commemorative value notes with seven different
legends. These will be issued over a period of seven years, with one value note released annually.
In 2023, Top Legends starts with the Ice Hockey Legends series, but expects more to come
involving other sports and arts legends. Each value note has its serial number,
making it truly one of a kind giving you
a chance to collect the whole ice hockey series with the same unique number there won't be anything
else like it limited issues with no future reissue products sold to people 18 years or older check
them out top legends subscribe to toplegends.com to make sure you don't miss out
on anything big. Also, subscribe to the Top Legends YouTube channel and watch the launch
event live from Vegas on June 28th. All right, we got a series, we got a series, we got a series,
game three in the books, Merle's boots on the ground. As you can tell, he's there. First of
all, Merle merles what was it
like in south florida stanley cup final game hit me with that before we get into this game i mean
i i told you guys i saw the rainbow the rainbow that meant something nobody believed me
i was laughing my ass off at the rainbow prediction. The rainbow. I've never gotten more DMs or comments on any of my stuff than this rainbow play.
But I knew that wasn't enough.
I knew I had to get boots on the ground.
So I jump in an Uber with Padraic.
First of all, we did have a Game Notes daily meetup.
I met up with him.
No way.
Yeah.
So I meet up with these six or seven guys, the college guys, Game Notes guys.
I meet up.
I have a drink with them.
We jump into Uber.
Vibes are good.
Vibes are great.
We are pumped up.
And it's quoted on the vlog, the vlog that will come out.
I said, it's going to be 1-1.
It's an overtime game.
Kachuk scores the game winner.
So I was a little bit off, but close enough.
They all bet the draw, the Murley special.
But I said, I got to get boots on the ground.
We use Game Time app on the ride over here.
We buy tickets.
We get in the building.
All of a sudden, Pasha goes, oh, I got to go do a TV hit.
And I'm like, what?
He goes, yeah, this TV network wants me to go on and do a promo.
All of a sudden, have passions on nhl
network talking about the devils again i'm like enough of the devils they're dead so like so
already it's like it's a bonkers night to begin with so whatever so we come into the game we're
ready i grab a i grab a tall boy a big deal brew and uh like let's go have a time. All of a sudden, I get another text.
Matt, here, come down to our suite.
I'm like, oh, Mike Posh, you want to go down to this suite?
He's like, yep.
We go down there.
We were some heavy hitters. Some heavy, heavy hitters.
I'll just tell you, the first guy I walk in and shake hands with
was one of the top
golfers in the entire world justin thomas no way way bigger way bigger heavy hitter brooks kepka
you're getting close you're getting close it was kepka's a big panthers guy yeah he's a panthers
guy he wasn't there tonight i think he's got a tournament um but dj is there what's great yeah you're at
so then what do you think that means during one of the intermissions all of a sudden number 99
comes in i i completely bought hello hello mr gretzky hello hello wayne
i would have done the same thing you played for him though did you bring up that you
played for him i had nothing i didn't i had nothing i got i was i had nothing for the guy
dead sober i had nothing i was brutal like oh i and we're watching the game but everybody in the
box was in panthers gear so thank god i was on panthers and then that a rule? Is that an EBR rule?
Like, if you're around other guys' fans that you should vote with them or bet with them?
EBR.
Everybody rides.
Everybody rides.
So you've got to be on there with them.
So it just worked out perfect.
Vibes were good from the start with the meetup.
You had the Game Notes Daily people.
Like, this is just an unbelievable day for you, Murr.
Yes.
So this is going great.
They score the first goal.
We're going.
That's what we said they had to do.
And then, well.
Yeah.
But did you have faith?
Did you have faith, buddy?
I got to be honest.
I lost faith.
So did I.
Yep.
How about the Game Notes Daily chat telling us to take Montour first goal
yeah he scores the first goal so he hasn't had a point which is the guy that brought up the stat
in the chat was he didn't hasn't scored a point in 10 games 10 games without a point then Merles
brings up the kid thing he just had a kid and it's like guaranteed remember we said maybe too
much for a goal how what's the line on him for a point oh yeah yeah what a word much is oh it's like guaranteed. Remember we said maybe too much for a goal. What's the line on him for a point?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
What a word, Mushes.
Oh, it's all Mushes, but we were on it.
Everyone was on it.
My Twitter started blowing up with the Montour chat
because we were on it for a little bit there.
The little tidbit stat where he was due.
He was due stat.
It was huge.
So, wow, Merles, that's an amazing night for you at the game.
I can't wait to get down there and fly over.
Well,
everybody's asking,
everybody's asking where you guys are.
Oh,
another one.
I,
I just ran into,
uh,
BX in the,
in the,
in the hallway.
And I'm like,
again,
I'm still scared of the guy.
I'm like,
he's like,
Hey,
what's up?
You're like,
I'm like,
I love telling the story about playing against you.
He's like,
oh yeah,
I know.
I love what you and arm you're doing. You guys are hilarious blah blah that's wild but that's why you
do ebr roll because in that box everybody's jumping up and down high five and when they
tied it up i pulled out my back it was it was bad but i can't believe you got those guys on the draw
i can't believe you got them on that yeah i mean what a call that is that is unbelievable
yeah these guys so listen to this so these guys called my room they figured out from the rainbow
picture what hotel i was at they called my room you got to change you out of an alias now you're
like crosby or somebody that's you're like wayne gretzky luckily luckily you change hotels tomorrow
once we all get there yeah Yeah. Don't tell anybody.
Don't post any rainbow pics.
They're like, Merle, we saw you were in our hotel by the rainbow pics,
and we told the guy to connect us to your room.
So I was like, I went down, met him for a drink.
They were great kids.
They all play like D3 hockey in New Hampshire.
That is crazy that that is allowed.
Like, I could just call Wayne Gretzky's hotel and be like
oh i know gretzky's staying here no that's why he stays under a different name alias you gotta
have an alias and same with crosby stays under a different name yeah i used to when i was roommates
with him gee i used to have an alias too because they people knew we were roommates so they used
to like uh they used to give me an alias too so So I had some fake name when I was with them.
It was awesome.
Luxuries of hanging out with the big boys, hey?
You get the fake names going.
We should start doing that.
That should be a thing you do.
As Merles is still at the rink, you can hear some cheering in the background.
This is awesome that he's still there.
What a day he had.
Let's get into the game, though.
We'll lead off with that Montour goal to get it started
because we were obviously talking on,
on daily as well.
Like they have to score first.
You have to be the team that scores first.
They have to get out to a lead.
They can't chase the golden Knights.
Golden Knights had a slow start,
but that Montour goal is just massive for the Panthers to get them out to
the lead.
Yeah.
They needed that.
Of course they need it.
We said we need Bob to steal a game and Bob sold the game. It was everything we said they needed that of course they need it we said we need bob to steal a game and bob
sold again it was everything we said they needed to do we need to chuck the score goal
and then we needed your guy army who's been invisible all series yeah for haggie i've been
on him hard like disappeared like completely i didn't know where he was and in a patented
for haggie goal to like long range bomb in OT after a massive penalty kill.
There was so much stuff through this game.
What a great game, though, Merles.
That was the best game of the series.
I think just for the fact that it was as close as it was right.
Like it gave us it gave everyone hope.
It gave everyone life.
It gave G the under.
Everyone was happy.
Congratulations, G.
I know you're loving that one.
But I don't know, baby. Yeah, you're loving that one. Five and O, baby.
Five and O.
You're rolling.
You're rolling with your just one single bet guy now.
You just give the one play, and you're just being successful like mad.
So I don't know if we mushed you right now by mentioning and talking about this.
You don't believe in that, I hope.
No.
It's just great to talk about the greatness that is this five and O run.
If we didn't mush me earlier when we called out the fact I said I'm 4-0,
I think I'm good here.
Now you're safe.
I'm 3-0 picking these teams of this.
We picked it right.
But everybody you talk to outside the building, inside the building,
everybody wanted a series.
Everybody wanted more games.
Everybody wants to go to Vegas for game five.
So we have that.
And I think we could
agree that i don't think vegas got a good start first of all then they got to their game they
tied it up and in the first period power play goal by stone then they started to get to their
game and then it was like they were physically taking over the game they just started wearing
into the florida panthers who kind of like they couldn't get shots through they couldn't get anything it was like an like Hill was having the easiest game until Kachuk scored that goal late
to tie it up but it's like it was like almost like a greasiest perfect road game that you could
imagine for a team you know for Vegas in this situation so um I don't know what you make but
this is the game that they had to win
we talked about it game three they had to win game three merles did and when did you lose hope
on your panthers play when we were in the third period my buddy wheels is like they have 16 shots
in a must-win game at home yep there's eight minutes left or something in the third period
i'm like yeah this isn't good yeah and then like they got the power play there at the end to give us a little hope
and the power play is just atrocious no yeah and like being here is a little closer to the
ice than i was in vegas these vegas guys their sticks are so long they're so aggressive too
don't stick as huge that hey i i don't know if they like remember how char used to have
a stick so long they had to change the rules because of it because he was so tall they let
him i think that's the stick hag is using and they just they block everything they're so big
they couldn't get anything through and and they i mean this is the panthers they found a way again
they found a way to get it done but man vegas and vegas do you think yeah they look
like i don't think they played that good gee maybe i don't know like i don't think it was like what
we saw games one and two from them like i think it was just like more of like hey let's get through
this game let's just get an easy win here uh i don't think we saw the pedal to the metal that
we've seen previous in the series i feel like i I was certain that Vegas was going to score on that power play.
Yeah.
Like the power play to start overtime.
Like it just.
And how about that call, guys?
Oh, my God.
I want to get to all that.
Yeah.
And Gretzky talked about it in the TNT postgame.
Just like it's it's the Stanley Cup final.
There's 10 seconds left in the game.
You can't make that call.
Put the whistles away at that point.
Like, yeah, like this is what I think, too. I think it's that close of a game, obviously. 10 seconds left in the game you can't make that call put the whistles away at that point like yeah
like this is what i think too i think it's that close of a game obviously right it's tied up we
know we're gonna head to ot no funny business if there's a call like that where it's like
it happens fast i get it but if you're like okay play on like no one's gonna hate you let's just
get to ot let's get a fresh sheet.
Let's all both teams now start fresh.
Zero, zero.
Everything's clean. And let's take the game from there.
Let's not, like, leave it up for chance.
Because once we looked at the replay,
no one touched Stevenson as he jumped into the middle.
Like, maybe ticked escape, but not enough for him to go down.
He almost just, like, went down.
I don't think he dove, but it was just, like, a weird play.
But, like, it definitely wasn't a penalty.
So now you're like, can you imagine what that ref was feeling?
I mean, this is after all the other bad calls they made all night.
They're calling way too many penalties.
It's the Stanley Cup finals.
Know which like we're talking in there.
A couple other NHL guys in there with me.
Like know the series. Know who's down to nothing no you're in there like like i like i know you don't gotta
cheat but like they're down to nothing like just let them play let the boys play yeah let them play
and and put an error on the side of the team that's down like giving yeah exactly you know
what i mean like i i don't think that would have been a call or you know he would have looked like a legend had he let it go and everyone like yeah
playoff hockey let it go then we would have looked at replay and go oh my god he got it right what a
hero instead he was so horny to throw his arm up that it like it almost could have blown the series
maurice is yelling at him he's like that's not a fucking trip at the end he said like four times
reading his lips on the after the end of the period i was like can you imagine like going into after that after you just scored you had nothing all game kachuk
comes back he's probably in a hannibal lecter arm brace from that massive colasar head he leaves the
game comes back hey uh con smith everybody played a part tonightachuk, a massive goal again in Kachukian fashion.
Bobrovsky stands on his goddamn head again.
Martiusso scores his 13th of the playoffs on a power play with an unbelievable feed from Jack Eichel.
Every guy was involved.
Every guy had big parts to play today in a game that, you know,
seemed to be almost decided by penalties because there were so many calls.
But where are we going with this now?
This series has just gotten so much more interesting
after tonight's game.
Do the Panthers actually have life, guys?
Or is this just setting up Murray's Vegas in five?
Like, I really don't know if the Panthers
actually have life here.
Yeah, I agree.
I think it's Vegas in five.
I think that special i put out at the
start of the playoffs is gonna hit they're they're they're so much better but brofsky was that's the
best he can play and like you said vegas wasn't great they're gonna be better yeah but i mean
the chicklets you guys are gonna be down here so the chicklets magic if we all want to get on the
panthers like we did today we could make it happen the thing is though is like i like the murren five now because i was thinking like oh if it's a sweep
if they win the night we were there for the game the next game game four we're like okay we're
gonna have the cup in the building that's sick okay yeah and then we're still even now that they
have the win vegas has to win the next one because game five in Vegas will all be there.
The Lord's going to be in the building again, boys.
Like we got to see the frigging Lord, right?
Like we got to see the Lord.
Imagine if Vegas wins it Tuesday when we're there.
And just imagine how crazy that city will be when we go out after the game.
Oh, what are we going to be unlike anything we've ever seen?
We should tee up the after party.
If they might just go home,
I might go home.
People are going to die out there.
There's going to be,
you can't bring that thing on the trip.
Like those guys can't bring the thing on the strip that night.
You remember when Ovi was swimming in his fountain and little DC,
they're going to be out front of like the Bellagio and like all these.
Yeah. Jack Eichel. Oh man. mankini in the fucking bellagio fountain just ripping ripping big deal
bruise on the cup did you should be a little more foresighted here i know you have lots on your
plate but we should if it's trending we have a feeling we should be um forward thinking enough
to plan their after party at like some i know it's
easy but we should get a you know like the chiclets golden knights uh after party or something
can we like imagine migs he's got a hand in this some dumb buddy this guy i told you i don't know
what he does i didn't ever i don't know what his dad does. These guys are connected deep into Vegas. Yeah, amazing.
We'll figure it out.
Amazing.
Amazing game.
Back and forth action.
First goal was huge.
We have a series now.
Where do you see it going from here?
I think that's a big question.
Exactly what G just posted.
Is it done?
Are they not done?
Just to revisit that a little bit more.
I just think Vegas is too much to handle like i i
still don't i still don't change my tune on it um you said their penalty kill merles you saw it up
close the way they block shots physicality the way they play i just think if they decide to put
their foot on the gas like they're just in control you know they're in they're in cruise control and
it's like aiden hill like i was
amazed like you mentioned 16 shots at whatever time in the game for florida and in a like a
desperation must win game type of thing to make this a series he didn't even have to like i don't
like i don't even know if he was sweating at the end of this game no they weren't even tough shots
like there was no tough chances there's people standing next to me that i'm just learning hockey
and stuff.
Right.
How come we're not getting any good chances?
Why are they getting all the good chances?
Why is our goalie having to stop all the good shots?
So, yeah, it was, it wasn't good.
And you know, like that was, that was Florida's best game.
They came out with everything they had and they could only get 17 shots or whatever.
So when, but I mean, I'm, mean i'm gonna let this digest and regroup
tomorrow and then by game notes daily at 12 o'clock on saturday i'll have my official pick i mean i
might see another rainbow i might not see a double rainbow i heard about those double rainbows bud
wow if i see a double rainbow then it's a double win down here i'm gonna wait and see see what
shows shows light you guys will be down here well we're gonna wait for some more signs before we
make official picks i love this i didn't i wasn't like huge on the signs i was actually laughing at
you a bit but yeah as soon as hey i'll say this as soon as the game as soon as verhage scored that ot winner i was like fucking rainbow game it was the rainbow
game everyone will remember where they were june 9th 2023 the rainbow game the rainbow game
unbelievable call unbelievable read just reading the signs that's what you do mer
uh yeah i got paid out because i i was a
good boy i went to bed early i got up went on the treadmill lozenges i got paid out got paid out by
by that so that's what happens you're living right there clean living baby
well that's gonna change as we come down to florida and then we take this road show
on to vegas we will have hockey for game five.
I was kind of concerned.
Gee, were you?
What were we?
You said you were going because you left your bag there, Murr.
You'll have a bag still in Vegas.
You got to get your stuff.
What were we going to do had Vegas won tonight
and the Lord been in for game four when we come down there?
What if it ended?
Are we still continuing?
Were we going to do a parade show were we were we going to do a parade
show or like what were we going to do so we had a big production meeting about this yesterday or
wednesday and basically we had to make we got a plan if they win in a plan if they didn't win and
basically it was merles on the street at the parade that was the content we're filming we
were like let's get merles out there out there with a camera and a microphone.
Let's get R.A. out there with a camera and a microphone,
and let's just let them run wild.
That would have been so much fun, too.
That would have been amazing.
You guys should have got it set up so that they could have their own platform
on the side where players, as they come by,
they jump off of their convertibles,
and they come over and talk to the boys for a bit.
Have our own little media set up our little junket.
If you will.
I can't wait,
everybody.
I can't wait to get down there.
Merle's is already pre-scout with posh and the boys are down there.
Gee,
we'll be loving it.
We'll be soaking up the sun,
soaking up the rays in the Stanley cup final.
So anything else?
10 roof boys.
Hit that up.
Let them know about it again.
10 roof,
four to six in Fort Lauderdale on saturday
before game four the boys will be there we'll be drinking some pink whitney we'll be drinking some
big deal brews and we will also be at the beer house in vegas uh on tuesday from one to three
p.m before uh game five as well so we're excited and i can't wait to see you guys there you go
that's where you know how to find us all hanging out together on these trips these are just like unbelievable that we get a
chance to do this and more interaction with people fans hockey fans um from all over so looking
forward to it great game three there's our recap we got all our bets merles is flying high hanging
out with the great one and dj and he's just swinging it around down in south florida good for you buddy i met a million i met a hundred other fans out in the in the in the in
the what do you call it the concourse the roundabout just so much fun meeting them everybody's
yelling screaming giving me pics they're telling pics i watch game notes daily this morning you're
on panthers i love it so that's why you always do the home team because you're running a lot more than than the vegas fans so i love it it was a lot of fun meeting
everybody today i love it great game we've got a series folks we've got a series for game notes
daily 12 o'clock saturday we'll do a show yep it's winners we'll see you there on saturday for
uh chicklets game notes guys episode eight is in the
books this is our last episode as well for the season stay tuned for more to come we don't know
what it'll be what it'll turn into we've got a lot of brains and a lot of energy behind doing
something special keeping this train rolling what'll morph into merles g we don't know but
it's been a heck of a ride i love the interaction too with everybody
fans thank you all the beer league picks i can't wait for the chat meetup in lauderdale man and
the chat meetup keep us posted on that yeah hit us up on all that stuff we'll keep you posted
where we're going to be we're looking forward to all of that but thank you for following along
watching us interacting with us and uh putting up with us at the same time.
Murr, any parting words for you, my friend?
Everybody rides, baby.
Perfect way to end it.
Thanks, everybody.
We'll catch you.
