Hey Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Here we go, episode six of Chicklets Game Notes. We're all joined here now in Tampa, Florida,
NCAA edition. The sun's out, the guns are out. We got everyone in town.
Merle's hot off of a plane, landed, didn't even check his bags, beers in the lobby.
Unbelievable, legendary move.
G's traveling all over North America, mostly just the U.S. when I say that.
He's here too.
And without further ado, since we're here, since we're doing NCAA, special guest Merle's
give us the introduction.
We're here. We're having our first ever hot stove for Chicklets Game Notes.
We brought in UMaine head coach Benny Barr.
Good to be here, guys.
I wasn't sure if that was my turn to talk or if we're supposed to say something awesome at that point.
Yeah. So, well, Merle, I appreciate it.
You know, we've been talking about this for a long time.
Well, Benny, I'll say this is the first time Merle and I have ever done a show together in the same room with G.
Actually, Pittsburgh.
Yeah, well, normally we have the big guns here, and we have a much bigger room, too.
We're not squeaky here.
We don't have the suite.
Let's put it that way.
We're in a little jerk-off corner over here.
Me and Merle's do hand jobs to each other.
But we don't have the suite.
We don't have couches. We got these sick-ass we are in tampa florida ncaa action merles i just
want to get to know what you've been doing lately because it's been all over the place i've seen
videos benny you know this guy better than anything we're going to get into that you've
been dropping videos you've been timra you've been sweden you've been ebr action all over the place
what's life been oh it's been out control, completely out of control since the last Chicklets trip,
which was chaos, Florida, Arizona, and finished with the outdoor game.
I went back home.
I did a trip to Ireland with the wife, and then we did a ski family trip.
We got the kid out skiing for the first time.
The Timra playoff games were electric.
Unfortunately, they bowed out in the first round
In game 7 but yeah
It's been a good month
Yeah I've been following I've loved it
Your content's amazing people love you
I work all the pens games I'm around rinks all over the place
G I talk to you quite a bit about this stuff
EBR
Fuck it EBR Army
I'm like live on the air it's like
Game notes you gotta check the game Notes so thank you to everyone for
Following along following Merle's
Following us G we also
Got to see your the home
Field we got to come to your house this past week
Yeah I loved it I loved it so you guys popped
In for a Pink Whitney bottle signing
And I was like dude
I was like I was so ready for them though I was
Loving it I'm like I'll come pick you guys up
We're like whatever you guys want to do.
You want to go eat dinner?
We'll go eat dinner.
And they agreed.
They just were like, no, dude, let's watch the hockey game.
Let's go to your house.
Let's watch a game.
Whit had some money going.
He wanted to watch hockey.
We got burritos.
The wine was flowing.
The wine was flowing.
We got some wine going for the boys.
Quader was there, too.
Sick hair and everything
don't don't let quater hang around with your wives it's too good looking yeah we figured that
out at new year's at wits this out yeah i was up in the kitchen get him out of here get him out of
here but nonetheless it was awesome to have you guys in my place merles i wish you could have been
there too but uh great to be here for kind of a i think think an awesome, awesome event. I got to go to one Frozen Four in Pittsburgh.
They hosted a few years ago.
It was during COVID as it kind of started to release a little bit.
So there wasn't a lot of fans.
Who won that?
That was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No big deal.
Yeah.
Oh, see, that's why we brought him in.
This guy's got the Frozen Four experience.
That's why we had to bring him in.
I was at the game and that's why we got Benny here.
So a little more about Benny.
Give us some Benny action here, Merle, about him and his life in hockey
and your guys' relationship, which I think is like totally hockey.
Yeah, well, we met at RPI.
He was two years below me.
He was a freshman.
I was the junior.
I had the big hockey house on campus.
I was the one watching the games at night.
He wanted to get out of his little dorm room. He'd come hang out at big hockey house on campus I was the one watching the games at night He wanted to get out of his little dorm room He'd come hang out at the hockey house
Hold on, what was this hockey house like?
Was it a real hockey house?
What does that mean?
I mean, I played in the CHL
I played in the Western League
What's this hockey house?
So Merle was from Troy
And was playing college hockey in Troy
And he was obviously a really good college hockey player
So he was like the mayor of the city.
So he had the house on the corner right in front of the rink.
That was like,
Oh,
so it was legit.
Yeah.
Seriously.
Yeah.
Like everybody in the town had to like pass by it every day and
everyone knew he lived there.
And then I moved in the next year with him.
Yep.
And then,
uh,
then,
and then things really took off.
I obviously,
I graduated,
I turned pro. Benny graduated.
And I got a phone call one night.
I think it was a Friday night.
He's like, hey, Merle.
He's like, I'm done school.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Can I come stay at your house, like crash on the couch for a night?
I'm like, absolutely.
Like, we're going out tonight.
Like, we're going.
So he comes over.
He has two bags.
This guy has two bags of his whole possessions from four years of college.
Yeah, he's holding nothing.
So he dumps those in the living room.
We go out all night.
We wake up the next day.
Nobody's in any shape to make any sort of decisions.
So we go out again.
That's two nights.
Fast forward nine years later, he finally leaves.
He finally leaves.
He gets the assistant coaching job at Providence College when he finally left.
Well, and he took his duffel bags to Providence and started getting her going.
But I think Benny's, like, life in hockey is pretty cool,
not only meeting you, but, you know, his connection to hockey,
you know, through the Shattuck program,
which maybe we'll start there with you, Benny,
and just before we get to, like, where you're finally at at Maine.
Like, tell us about Shattuck because obviously the program's like
fairly renowned.
I think a lot of names have come through there.
Yeah.
Crosby.
But you started it.
Yeah.
I started it.
Don't be humble.
No.
This is game notes.
It's time to brag.
Yeah.
So I was fortunate.
So my dad and my uncle both went to Shattuck in the 70s.
It was a military school.
So they always wanted me
and from Minnesota they always wanted me to go there so I was going to go there no matter what
and I happened to be there when they decided like hockey is going to be what keeps the school is
almost closed and uh hockey's going to keep the lights on hockey's going to keep the lights on
and you know I was there for four years I was not not a good hockey player. And Merle can attest to that.
Hard worker.
Hard worker.
And, you know, like four years later, it was like right place, right time.
And we talked a little bit about that, Army Downstairs.
It's like you just get fortunate to be at the right place
and the right time in the hockey world a lot.
And I was at the right place at the right time.
I got to live at Merle's place for nine years when i was trying to trying to become a coach and uh you know so that was the first
really fortunate thing that i had happened to me just to be able to be at shanak st mary's
for four years which which players were there with you that like the fans would know of hl guys
i mean you know with legends yeah so like our class like call ryan caldwell and max bull and
and you know he saw caldwell the other day. And, you know, he's in.
I saw Caldwell the other day at the, he scouted, who's he scouted with, Winnipeg?
Yeah, he's in Winnipeg.
Yeah, I saw him in a jet.
Yeah.
I saw him scouting.
So, I mean, he was one of the, you know, Troy Weebler, Mike Carpentier, like those are us,
like these are guys that didn't play pro, obviously Caldwell did.
But Benny Eves came the second year and Pat Eves and then the Parisees were the guys that
you were at.
And then after. Parisees still playing. Don't believe me. He's having a good year. Yeah Patty's, and then the Parise's were the guys that you were at. And then after that. Parise's is still playing.
I can't believe it.
And he's having a good year.
Yeah.
He said he's going to play again, I think.
Did he really?
He said the other day he doesn't know what next year will hold, but he doesn't want to hang him up yet.
He'll be back.
He'll be back.
He'll be back.
Hey, G.
He'll be back.
G knows these guys.
He's taxed them.
Yeah, and then it just blew up after that.
Well, i think you
said what do you say you coached you too like you had i think that's probably what yeah i mean it
was uh you know jp parisi was there that was he coached us and i was a bantam in ninth grade
and then uh brian riley who was a head coach of army now was there andy murray came through
um tom ward was my coach there still was my uh coach my senior year
so and there's many others there were six teams every year i think that at the at the school so
yeah andy's voice that's just so like it's like he was breathing in when he was talking all the
time but uh and i went coach with andy at western mich Michigan For two years So yeah And I played with Brady
Brady was one of my teammates
Brady
His son Brady
So
Yeah
Just the right place
At the right time
I won a gold medal
With Andy Murray
At World Championships
In Moscow, Russia
In 07
Which was
Yeah crazy
But he's on you all the time
So you could see how
You know
The program
Would run you know
tickety boom with those guys in there and those kinds of hockey people in there at such a young
age right well that was the thing like we were 16 when he came he was there for one year i think he
had just taken he went i think he was an assistant somewhere in the nhl he took a year off his kids
went to shaddock and then we he came in for that one year I mean we're just I mean we would die in every
word he said you know and we won the national championship and then that was when that was
the first one they at the school won and then after that it just went crazy and the next year
he was the head coach of LA Kings so we're like our coach just went from Shattuck and now he's
the head coach of LA Kings and we were just so it was it was a it was a wild ride but it was uh it
was a lot of fun. That's kind of what like that program does i think though right like if you say
you went to shattuck i don't know gee you tell me too like you know we're hockey guys but does
shattuck just when you breathe that it just it's intimidating yeah it's intimidating especially as
someone who like really like ben says he wasn't good at hockey i was not good at hockey so like
as someone who wasn't good at hockey you hear sh not good at hockey. So like, as someone who wasn't good at hockey,
you hear Shattuck and you're just like,
that's untouchable for me.
You know what I mean?
That's just, that's the Crosby's of the world.
That's the Ben Bars of the world.
That's not the Mike Grinnell's of the world.
I stay away from Shattuck.
It's not the Ben Bars of the world either.
They're in the national championships now at every level.
They're kind of set the bar for that kind of school
slash hockey program that you know a lot
of people are trying to copy and do yeah um and replicate uh but yeah you were there for the start
and that's from there that's where you went that went right to yeah i went right to uh to rpi and
then i met the merle i went as an 18 year old which i probably shouldn't have because i didn't
know how to even dump the puck in right for two years and I figured it out and then yeah and then I started coaching this Benny let me ask you this
should Merle's jersey be hung up at that arena because he went back there and like I feel like
they disrespected him a little bit like they like they should have a ceremony and Merle's jersey
should be up there like he's he's pretty good right he was he'll be modest he was really good
I mean you gotta be one of the top 10 scorers there probably.
Yeah, somewhere in there.
The old days they were scoring.
I'm actually getting inducted into the RBI Sports Hall of Fame.
But it's the same Saturday as the FDNY-NYPD game, so I'm not going.
So we've got to push it back one more year.
Company man right there.
Love to see it.
Love to see it.
So, you know, big sacrifice, Biz.
I'm making a big
sacrifice to be there at the game. Yeah, this
guy, like, this guy's a team player
through and through. That's why I think you should be
up up there. A funny story. I agree.
He should be. A funny story from RPI,
though, is when Benny was a freshman, and
I don't know if it was your first game or second game, we actually
played UMass, and it's a shit
beating. Like, we're
a shit beating. Shit beating, such a're a shit beating like we're eating such a
burles line we're up for we're up for nothing like before everybody's even sitting down three
minutes into the game all of a sudden they start a fight they start a fight benny gets in there
benny gets right in there gets right in the mix doesn't know the rules he gets tossed from the
game you get tossed for fighting so like him and two other guys get tossed from fighting
next thing you know he's in the locker room.
The horn just keeps going off.
Nine goals we scored.
I think we won nine to three.
Every other freshman scored their first goal of their careers except Benny
because he was already kicked out.
I was suspended the next night.
If you even look at someone funny in college, he gets suspended.
I think we won 10-2 the next night
so everybody else scored the next night betty had no points and i never recovered after that never
never had any points yeah uh so that's where you're that's was your college experience so like
what did like tell me about rpi though like i know like you know pretty well known now you guys
relationship coming up together i just want to to know, like, you know, that time in college,
because now you work in college,
and have been for a number of years.
Like, what was that experience like for you?
Did that influence you and guys like Merle's or others?
Talk about the ranch.
The ranch.
Yeah, so I don't want to get sentimental here,
but I owe a lot of being able to be a coach in college to Merle you
know and I because we lived together for a long time and it's really hard to get into coaching so
obviously the four years as a player you know I love that it was great you make great great
friends as you do in junior hockey or pro hockey I'm sure but you know college is special and it
was it was a really fun four years but um you know my friendship with merle is really what's allowing me
to sit here right now because i i had to volunteer for two years i was working at a bank and basically
squatting in merle's house for almost 10 years so that allowed me to get my first job at union and
then you know we had some success there and then went to a bunch of different places from there so
uh i owe being able to sit here with you guys today to this
guy so whoa whoa you got to tell the people like our listeners our fans about this um you squatted
at merle's house what what like what does that mean what are we looking at like so you came over
you're gonna stay for a couple nights boys went out got shittered good weekend couple double
i'm like while i'm gone just like pay the water bill pay the bill
and that's it it's on so and you flush the toilets or the water pipe yeah yeah it's a break
yeah like just take care of the house a bit rent free no big deal yeah and so that continued
forever so you guys are like you guys were actually bro i asked him to do one thing one
time he calls me i don't know where i was at this point. And he's like, oh, the dishwasher broke.
And I'm like, all right, like, here's 500 bucks.
Like, just get a new dishwasher in there.
I'm not dealing with this.
I'm probably down in Wilkes-Barre drunk with you somewhere, the Woodlands.
You were in Wilkes-Barre.
Next thing you know, like four days later, he calls me.
He's like, oh, I got a great deal.
He goes, I had this guy come up and he just put in a new piece.
It only cost me 200 bucks.
I'm like, so wait, we still have like that 1979 like dishwasher?
He's like, yeah, but it's running great.
I got this new part for it.
Still there, I think.
It's still going.
But the part of that story.
The one thing I asked him to do, he couldn't do it.
Well, you told me to talk to your mom who knows somebody.
Your mom knew, she gave me art.
So your mom, who's a saint, she was a, I got to throw her under the bus a little bit knew she gave me art so your mom who's a who's a saint she
was a i gotta throw her under the bus a little bit she gave me art's number so well i yeah and
so that relationship we've got tons of stories from that you basically taking like making sure
merles can come home in the summer yeah um but that led which you said the opportunity for you
to to get into coaching yeah and how did that start where were you said, the opportunity for you to get into coaching. Yeah. And how did that start?
Where were you?
Who were you with?
Kind of what was that like living in Merle's spare room?
Well, he was away chasing the dream.
You were starting something of your own.
Yeah.
So I graduated in 2004, and it was a lockout year in the NHL.
So there was no-
It was a fast year of the mind.
Yeah.
So for me, who would have been like, you know, playing wasn't really an option.
So I started working for HSBC Bank.
I live in Merle's place.
I was coaching a peewee team, Capital District Selects.
And, you know, so I did that for a couple years.
And then I think it was 2006 or 2007, I started volunteering back at RPL.
That's kind of how in college you have to kind of volunteer as an assistant coach to get in, unless you're a big name
like Merle would have been or something.
Maybe he gets a job right away.
So I volunteered, and it happened to be the year
that Jim Montgomery actually was hired as an assistant.
Monty!
This is where we hear you.
Yeah, with Seth Appert.
So I shared an office with Monty as a volunteer.
Seth Appert's Rochester AHL coach right now.
He was in the U.S. program for a few years.
Yeah, so that's how I got started.
So I did that for a year, obviously, meeting Monty and Seth,
and obviously Merle got to know those guys too.
And then the next year, Union College, Nate Lehman was the
head coach at Union College and he lost an assistant like a week before the season started.
And this was before Union ever won anything. I got the job there by default. I don't think anyone
else was going to come and be there. I just happened to, because I was living at the ranch,
I got the job and I didn't, you know, I'm single. I didn't need, you know, to take a job for 30 grand
or whatever it was.
And that's how it started.
And then we had some success there and went on from there.
And, you know, and then Monty was a big reason
I got the job at Maine two years ago.
I got to go back to the union
and I knew they were going to have success because,
and I always thought, I'm like,
I never worried about anything.
I'm like, oh, just being a college assistant coach when I'm done playing.
Like, this is the dream job.
It's so easy.
This guy, I would come home and I would be sitting there.
I'm like, hey, Benny, where are you?
He's like, I'm on the way home from Toronto.
He's like, I'll probably be home around 2 a.m.
He's like, I'm like, oh, all right, cool.
I guess like you're not watching the late game with me.
So I'd go to bed.
I'd wake up and wake up next morning, 8 a.m., and he's gone.
So I'm calling, like, dude, where the fuck are you?
Where's my bacon and rice?
He's like, oh, I've got to go watch this game in Connecticut.
And I'm like, what?
What are you doing?
He's like, oh, I've got to recruit.
I've got to recruit.
He's like, we're union.
We're not getting the big names.
We've got to be out there.
This guy was never home.
He was on the recruiting trail nonstop.
And one, it showed me that i'm never
going to be a college assistant coach and two that they were going to be successful and i don't know
how many years later you won the national championship with all the guys you recruited
you weren't there but it was all the guys you recruited yeah you know it was that was fun you
know and nate lehman obviously is he's a coach at providence now but he's been the world junior coach
and had it's had a ton of success and,
and they won at Providence and national championship as well.
And so just, you know,
when Rick Bennett was there was the other assistant who had,
who won at union as a head coach.
So again, kind of the right place at the right time.
And we had nothing.
It was, it was,
I tell a lot of people that we probably,
they probably would have made movies about that.
If hockey was like basketball or football, because, you know, we didn't have any scholarships. It was a division three school.
And for that school to win a national championship is like, it really changed the whole dynamic of
college hockey. Cause now like schools started to put a lot more money into it. If they can do it,
anyone can do it, you know? And then you see like, we went to Providence, you know, they paid,
need a lot of money to go to Providence and, you know, and UMass, you know, so now there's teams that weren't necessarily powerhouses when we played that are, you know, that are really good now. And I think that union thing kind of changed the whole dynamic.
Well, not a lot of teams have a Benny Barr. I think that's fair to say. And what do you think makes Nate Lehman such a good coach?
Because I was such an advocate of when the Bruins job opened up,
Merles is pulling for Monty.
You went outside the box.
I wanted the Beast to look at Nate Lehman.
I thought he's done such a good job at Providence.
Everyone speaks so highly of him.
I'm shocked he hasn't made the jump to the NHL yet.
But why is he such a good coach?
Is it recruiting?
Is it how he treats the players? Like what makes him so awesome? I think he's just a, he's a pretty, he's a really
smart guy. He's really detailed. Um, doesn't miss anything. He's got almost like a photographic
memory, uh, you know, of the, of the game as it's happening. And that's, you know, that's what I
learned from him. You know, you know, he doesn't, he could remember two shifts ago, if you missed a
hit and they got, you know, 10 seconds later, there's a scoring chance.
Hey, you know, finish that hit not on the forecheck because your guys.
So that's something like not a lot of guys.
I mean, you know, that that was really impressive.
So I think that's, you know, he's a super detailed guy and, you know, a really smart coach.
So I think that's probably the reason.
So you took that from him.
And I think that's probably the reason.
So you took that from him.
You work with Monty, who's, you know, had NHL experience now.
And I mean, franchise setting season with the Bruins, his first year there.
Like when you were playing and like playing with Merle's and these like lunatics, like, did you think you'd be a coach?
Did you like take like to the recruiting part where you like, ah, maybe,
maybe I'm a recruiter guy. And like, this is how teeth or were you were you a drill rat where you have a little
book you wrote shit down and i want to know if merle did you think he'd be a coach as well
i i will say this like because i was i was a lunatic because i was my flying you got to be
a certain person to be a coach i think that's my asset because i think i'd be a good assistant
coach like i'm good with the guys i'm good with the details i'm good at watching like a drill and
being like hey like listen like that wasn't close like you need to do this this and this differently
like to be a coach you have to run the show and like be very detailed as you mentioned i know
maybe you could learn to be like that but like you know was it something you know yeah he was
just like he was i was like, let's just have fun.
If we have fun, then we're going to win.
Like, I'm still going to get my two points.
Like, it doesn't matter what I do.
And he's like, no, dude, that's not how it works.
He's like, you work hard, you win, then you get to have the fun.
And I was like, I don't know what that, I don't know what you're talking about.
This is weird, weird talk.
Like, what are you talking about?
I get all the points.
I have fun.
Then we'll win.
Just play me more and we'll win. He's like, no, you got to have everybody invested. You need to have your
fourth line guys invested where I wanted to just play the whole game and win the game for the team.
He's like, no, you need to have a whole team culture. You need to have all four lines invested.
And then the fun comes after you win, which he actually taught me that as a guy two years younger than me so you saw
so i saw kind of like you know overall aspect brain kind of working but that goes back to the
shattuck thing though because i learned that like that was just me i got that at shattuck you know
like everybody mattered everything mattered you know and that's uh you know so just being there
i mean i'm not smarter than any other coach or anything but and then you know and then just
finding the right people like the recruit i got the reputation of being a good recruiter.
I don't think I, I don't, I'm not a good salesman.
I don't, I'm not, I'm not that guy.
I mean, you were a banker.
I'm a, yeah, I'm kind of, I'm, you know, kind of a dork and nerd.
And I'm like, you know, our staff at, at Maine gives me, you know, Jason Fortier and Alfie Michaud, Matt Vandenberg give me, they think I have no fun all the time.
And I'm like, well, you know, I, I, I have fun sometimes, but someday when we win the whole
thing and then we'll have fun, you know, but, um, it was, that was, that was really something
that at Shattuck that, you know, that, that I learned at a young age and finding the right
people to fit into that, you know? So it's ingrained in you, you've got experience,
you know, volunteering around and landing some pretty lucky breaks.
Merle's house gives you opportunity to do a bunch of different things.
But, you know, that's where I'm like, you know, you came out of school, you got a banking job, you're sleeping on his couch, you've got a spare room in his house, you upgraded, you know?
And then all of a sudden, like, you're starting to do it and you're like, hey, I'm kind of fucking, I'm pretty good at this.
Like, I'm not bad.
Like, I'm around some pretty good people like i'm going to be a coach because do you just need the break or
was yeah or was that something that you wanted to stay in the game even like oh i just want to stay
in the game this is great that's why i like doing what i'm doing yeah i'm around the game around my
best buddies and i get to talk about hockey still and it's like i'm still in the game somehow for
you is that was that the same kind of yeah like i wasn't i knew i wasn't good enough to play you I get to talk about hockey still and it's like, I'm still in the game somehow for you. Is that,
was that the same kind of, yeah, like I wasn't, I w I knew I wasn't good enough to play. You know,
I could have played, you know, for a few years that, you know, low level minor league hockey,
but I knew I wasn't good enough to do that. So, um, so you're just kinda, you know, it's really hard to get into the college game unless you're single and you have a good friend unless you have a unless you come
from a lot of money yeah you know because it's you're not going to make money for a while you
know and uh so you you know you just you volunteer you pay your dues like monty monty started my
brother's doing monty's one of the third all-time in ncaa scoring played 15 years pro his first job
coaching was a volunteer at notre dame like a guy like that still has got to
volunteer yeah you know so it's hard to get in and then you just need to have some like
you know honestly being able to live with Merle do that um and and then you just get a break and
then you get a break and hopefully and then I got a break because I my first job was with Nate
Lehman and Rick Bennett you know and then we had success and you go from there and you know it happens pretty quick it's no different as a player I'm sure right yeah
you get you get your chance and hopefully you can you hit that window yeah the coach likes you
you play with good players like your team's good like a lot of things have to work out
thank you Crosby yeah but I don't know where you want to go with them next I want to ask about UMass
yeah that's what I want to go to UMass where you get to coach another great coach
and then some great players because we got a lot of NHL fans that want to hear.
Why haven't you talked?
Why haven't you asked them about McCarr yet?
Why haven't you asked them about Kelly yet?
Yeah.
So, yeah, so I was at Western Michigan for a couple years,
and I knew I kind of wanted to come back out east.
My wife, Tara, is from the Albany area.
And, you know, so UMass job opened up and I was actually, I actually interviewed for the job, for the head coaching job.
I knew I wasn't going to get it.
They wanted somebody with experience.
So Greg Carville got it.
And I just kind of called him.
I'm like, hey, can I come back?
You know, and he, I didn't know him.
And he was like, sure.
Wow.
That's amazing too
because a lot of those guys want to bring their guys right like they have their yeah their guys
they know yeah uh so and he did he brought so Jared DeMichael was the other assistant they were
at St. Lawrence together so he brought Jared and then he needed one other assistant so um I'm like
yeah I'm coming and um you know we got there we won five games our first year. We were maybe the worst team in college hockey. And then, uh, and Kale McCarr was already committed to UMass before
we got there. And we're just like, oh man, there's no chance. Like I tell him to lose him because in
today's day and age, coaching staff gets fired. The team is not doing well. 999 times out of a
thousand, there's no chance that kid shows up at, uh, you know, and that just kind of tells you
what kind of person he is
and what kind of family they are.
So that whole first year where we won five games,
we're just waiting for that call from Cale.
Cale's, he's on the draft list.
He's like, oh, he might be the number one pick.
And we're just like, ah, losing, losing.
And we're just caught off, man.
And it never even, I don't even, I mean, you have to ask him,
but I don't even know if it ever occurred to him to, like, not come to UMass.
He's going to play college hockey. He's playing, where's he playing for the? He was in Brooks. Brooks Bandits. have to ask him but i don't even know if it ever occurred to him to like not come to umass and he's
going to play college hockey he's playing where's he playing for the he was in brooks brooks and
yeah brooks bandit yeah no burley yeah and i mean and like he's just having a historic year
their team wins every you know and you know he's growing up the draft board and the draft rankings
and you know became a whatever top five pick so yeah so he comes the next year we had some other
really good players around him that was the one thing that you comes the next year we had some other really good players
around him that was the one thing that you know we were able to get some other guys that
you know so it wasn't just it couldn't just be kale and a team that won five games you know
we had some other guys and a lot of those guys are playing the nhl now too but you know and that was
you know it was a crazy i was there for five years and we won in in 21 and it was uh everyone
thought when kale kale was there for two years
and mario ferraro and mitch chafee some of these guys that are playing the nhl and you know they
left and the culture got so good that you know everyone thought when you know he left all umass
will go back to being and then we we just kept kept winning and we won two years after he was
after all those guys left and you know we had obviously some really good players on our team
at that time too so um and then i had and then right after we won in 21, I had had the next week, my wife gave birth to twins.
And then I got the call for this main thing means coach for a gender now, unfortunately passed away during the frozen for,
because it was a whirlwind.
And then, yeah.
Can I ask like, yeah, UMass is notorious.
I mean, it's called the zoo, right? It's egg. It's,
it is a fun fucking time. It's a blast as a coach. How do you, and especially as the assistant,
like, how are you like keeping these kids in line? Because like it is, it's gotta be tough
to go to UMass Sam Hurston and not get in trouble every night. You know what I mean?
Yeah. I mean, I think it's just getting the right people in, you know, we couldn't, you know, we had that in our whole
thing when we got there and this was Carvey's thing was the new mass thing. And he just was
like, Hey, we're not, this isn't us. Right. We can't that culture of like, Hey, we go out every
night and that, you know, I get it. And we all have been there. And, but it's, if we're trying
to turn something around, we can't be that, you know know and it's the same for us that you know i mean right now and uh you know we have a really good culture
which is why our team is starting to get better you know and it's so we had to separate ourselves
from that a little bit and um and get the right people and having guys like kale and something i
mean they're serious hockey players right like they're not um can he still help you too like
does he still make calls for you guys does he still help in the
or you're not there anymore but like legal isn't it yeah is that illegal can guys do that i mean
with nil i don't yeah i don't i don't think they he would he's their whole fair his brother younger
brother taylor's at umass now that you know so we recruited him there afterwards but he just one of
my assistants elfi michaud was just just out in Denver um his daughter's
team was in the I think U14 nationals in Denver and he went and said hi to their team I mean he's
just you know I I gave gave Elfie his number so he's you know one of the best people you could
ever meet so yeah he's you can always uh he doesn't forget where he comes from no question
so yeah and so I I just thinking now you take that you take that experience you take that You can always, uh, he doesn't forget where he comes from. No question. So, yeah.
And so I, I just thinking now you take that, you take that experience, you take that, I
don't know, culture.
It's like something like when I got traded from Pittsburgh, for example, like I went
to Atlanta, Atlanta, I could barely say Atlanta.
Uh, and it's like, you know, it's not close.
Yeah.
You walk in there, it's not close.
And it's like, you know, I there it's not close and it's like you know i
think other guys probably leave certain situations or like you know bring up where they were all the
time because you're searching for kind of that recipe right yeah yeah um so you take that now
into your new gig and it starts all over the wicked beast of coaching, never mind coaching, but college coaching and recruiting.
How's the transition over to this new program been for you and searching for that?
Yeah. I mean, this is my first head coaching job. So that was, I mean, hockey's hockey,
you know, so, you know, you always think, you know, what you're getting into and you think
you're, it's just like, as a player, you think you can coach and then you start doing it and you're like, oh, this is a lot
different, you know, then I remember I went through that as an assistant, but so there's a bit of that
and, you know, we won seven games. It's honestly, it's almost the same thing when seven games our
first year, you know, I knew what I was getting into and, you know, we got really a really good
staff and we've got some fantastic players that are in our program now
and that are coming we got much better this year we got around 500 and i you know i'm hoping that
next year usually it's year three we take a big step and um but the one thing for me at maine is
like you know merle you would know this it's unbelievable passion unbelievably passionate
people and so the one thing i wasn't ready for was
how much the people care about you know when we went to umass like nobody we had an 8 000 seat
arena there'd be 200 people there for the first couple years at times until we started you know
like so you have which is almost kind of nice no one's like bothering you you know that mean like
it's full almost every night no matter what it's the it's kind of like you guys Wilkes-Barre show in town yeah it's like Wilkes-Barre you're the only thing in town you're
you're on the front page of the sports page every day you're going through the airport you're
getting recognized you're at the grocery store your wife's probably getting recognized at the
nursery school like really it's the only show in town great place to go play you're basically like
a pro yeah it's it's unbelievable
and like i i'd been there as a visitor because i have providence and umass like you know so i've
been there many times and you know how awesome a place it is but it's uh that was the one thing
for me like handling my first year because their team was struggling not very good and you feel
like dealing with the emotions because the people still like they love it so much so you feel like
bad about it, you know.
And now, you know, start to show a little bit of progress this year.
And, you know, you see like every night the place is packed like an hour before the game, you know.
And you're just like, man, like once we get this thing going, it's going to be even crazier.
Crazy.
And, you know, so it's going to be a lot of fun.
But for me, it was like trying to as a head coach, managing the emotional piece of that, not, you know, not letting that get to you, especially the first year when you know you're going to going to go through it a little bit.
You know, you know, me and G did the tour of the Arizona State locker room. And, you know, that was a success. I told you right away we want to come up there. But you told me we got to wait. Why we got to wait? Yeah, wait, because we're going to renovate our rink, and they're going to start that this summer,
which is, you know, really exciting.
It's not much has changed up there
since the teams in the 90s that won.
Korea's taking shits on the toilet.
Those are the same ones.
Benny Barr's, like, sitting on, you know,
it might be the same back here.
You know, you'd have to ask Monty and Paul that.
Same stalls, yeah.
Oh, Monty's there,. Same stalls, yeah, like.
Oh, Monty's area, just throw it snot rock.
Yeah, so that's starting this year,
so, hey, when that thing gets finished, you guys can be the ones to come through.
Boom, gee.
Give the new two.
I mean, I saw the Arizona State thing,
so that was pretty cool, so,
standing open invitation for when that all gets finished.
Let me ask you about, like like guys like Monty, Korea,
like you could name people that have come through Maine
and the program's been around for a while.
Obviously when names like that jump out,
guys that have, you know, awesome college careers
that kind of put splash like UMass with sure,
Makar, right?
Like everyone thinks of that.
Is it as a head coach coming into a program
that's established and has had history
is is is that way on you at all like you know you're wearing that golf shirt right now yeah
and representing them and like i don't know like i think you know it's always it's got to be
something that you come in and you're like whoa dude this has been around a while like there's a
lot of there's a lot of stuff here that i have to you know uphold yeah no it it was
really different for me because everywhere else you know union and providence and umass it was
really the first time that they'd ever had so there really wasn't that long tradition so at
maine there is so you know that's why there's such that that passionate fan base so that was
different for me like dealing with that and and you know meeting a lot of these alums that are
you know that the program has only been since like the, I think the early 80s is really when they went to you. So it hasn't even been around that long. And there, if you walk into the rink, there's a wall of dozens and dozens and dozens of NHLers. And it's, it's unbelievable what happened up there in the late 80s, all through the 90s and early 2000s. So it can be intimidating know and that's uh so you know it's nice to
you know have it in with like amante before that right like you know that he can you know knowing
him and you know he obviously has a voice with a lot of the alums and stuff so he's been very
helpful and murrow that's like when we went to camp pittsburgh and we saw mario yeah hey we
couldn't even talk it's like what do? Nothing. He'd look at us.
We were just like looking at him.
I remember my first practice.
Remember there was the three teams, A, B, and C?
And then Mario just wasn't on a roster.
He would just show up.
I don't know if I've told this story before in Chick-fil-A.
He would just show up whenever he wanted, whenever his tee time was.
If his tee time was early, he'd come skate with C.
I don't remember that.
And then if the tee time was later, he'd skate with A to get it out of the way.
So this is my first camp ever.
And I know the roster, who's going to be out there.
I got this figured out.
All of a sudden, 66 comes on the ice.
I'm like, oh, Jesus Christ.
Like, holy cow.
So it was the first drill.
It's four blue lines.
It's just the easiest drill.
Go down, make a pass.
Holy shit.
You can't pass, no?
My first pass in an NHL training camp is Mario Lemieux coming through the neutral zone at me.
Just put it in front of him.
Just lay it out in front of him, Matt.
Nope.
Ripped it right off his skate.
Obviously, though, such a legend.
He picks it up, takes it down, and goes down and scores it.
Yeah, yeah.
I was never so nervous in my life.
There you go.
There you go, Benny.
A little coaching advice for you, and you can tell this to your players.
You can't give a good player a bad pass, right?
That old saying holds up.
So with recruiting brothers, though, how does that work?
I've always wondered this.
Do you go in being like, I want you, and they're like,
well, you can take him if you take these two brothers,
or do you go in being like
i want all three of them uh well so one of them was already committed to maine they're from a
couple hours just over the border in new brunswick just so you know geographically they're actually
from pretty close to our school so one of the brothers the older one was already committed to
me when i got there and then heard about the younger one brad um you know i they're playing
in the maritimes which
you don't see like i don't i never really recruited that area at other schools and stuff and you you
would know it's not like you got halifax but they were playing in the maritime tier two junior league
and it's in a young one was playing maritime midget so it's like i was really unfamiliar with
it um and then they went out to penticton the first summer and they both start lighting it up
right away and the younger one um who's going to be he might be a first or second round draft pick
this year i think they could have gone anywhere so again you know they're very very down-to-earth
great people they're coming to mean because you know outside of the hockey piece you know it's
close to their you know their family can come and watch and um so it was almost similar to
to the kale thing a little bit
where like one of them was already coming to staff.
The team wasn't doing great.
The staff turns over, you know,
and then the younger ones still coming because they did their homework
and they're comfortable with it.
And, you know, obviously we're pretty fortunate there.
The way I explain it, everybody's like,
how does Benny keep doing all this recruiting?
You've met him now.
You've known him for a couple hours.
If you're a mom, do you not feel safe sending your little-
Well, he did pay for our beers, too.
He did pay for our beers.
Then he goes out with the dad, and he's picking up the beer tab with the dad.
They go home the next day like, oh, what a guy.
Of course we're sending our kid off with him.
Like no girls.
He's like a proud papa.
Yeah, yeah.
No, he's so proud of you. It's actually, though, we're sending our kid off with it. Like no girls. He's like a proud papa. Yeah, yeah. No, he's so proud of you.
It's actually, though, we were talking about that.
It's this new transfer portal thing that's new in the NCAA where kids, you know, it's basically free agency every year now.
It really makes it, like, we have to be really good at what we do.
And I'm not saying we're the best or anything, but, like, our culture has to be fantastic.
And we have to have the right people there.
or anything, but like our culture has to be fantastic and we have to have the right people there or else, I mean, you know, as players, like culture, you know, if it's BS, you're
going to go, right?
Like if, if, you know, and we, when we went to school, you were, you were basically hostage.
You weren't going to go cause you had to sit out a year if you left, if you went somewhere
else.
So it really holds the mirror to us to be really good at what we do and have a real,
you know, our players have to get better.
They have to be pushed. Um, you know, and we can't be full of shit ourselves basically,
you know, as coaches or else these kids are going to go. And, um, so I'm not a,
I'm not a great wordsmith or salesman or anything like that, but like, you know, hopefully there's
enough players over the time that, you know, they can players talk to players. That's how you get
players. It's not what anything I say, you know, it's not the the fancy locker rooms and the in the atmosphere
even though we have that you know it's they they want to know that they're going to have a chance
to to win championships and move on that's all they care about you know message the experience
the culture and then an opportunity right that's what like kids want and maine's a serious hockey
place yeah it's not you're going there to Yeah. It's not, you're going there
to fucking golf in the summer.
Like you're going there to golf
on your off days.
I mean, during the season,
you're, you're coming there,
you're going to school
and you're going to get kicked in the ass
and pushed to the next level.
Yeah.
At a program like that, right?
That's what you're.
Yeah.
That's what I'll do your sales pitch for you.
Wake the fuck up.
We're going to send Benny Barr
also out to Saskatchewan.
If he's hitting
up halifax the good people of halifax the maritimes people which i love they remind me of my people
from saskatchewan i'm gonna send benny out recruiting sasky sasky get ready go stay at the
broad black bear okay i'll see you kevin broad's house you know saskatoon there he is right there
brother got him in there no brother got a good shout that gets a squat at my house Here you go Broder
You finally got your shout out
Quit texting us
Alright Benny you got big things going up in Maine
Great program hopefully we'll see you here
Next year at the Frozen Four
And that's why we're here too let's talk about the Frozen Four
Benny we got you here we got an expert
We got a coach we got a guy that knows it all
Alright guys before we move
Any further I gotta interrupt for a very important announcement.
That's right.
I'm talking to you about Mugsy Jeans,
the most comfortable jeans, chinos, joggers ever made.
There's no question about it.
Perfect for guys with thick thighs and a big behind.
Shake it.
Give it what your mama gave you.
The stretch, softness, and flexibility are life-changing.
Perfect for hockey players.
Guess what? I'm a hockey player.
Mugsy jeans, hello.
Perfect for hockey players?
Ask Merle's.
Huge ass.
Loves Mugsy's.
These things will comfortably move with you
and those tree trunks of yours, Merle's.
Ha ha.
Anyways, the proud official apparel sponsor of the fdny
nypd hockey heroes game made from buttery soft patented stretch materials that look stylish but
are insanely comfortable they're frankly the best thing to happen to legs since well chairs
never in human history of legs being so spoiled by pure softness and comfort
while looking so damn good effortlessly it's effortless for them hands down the greatest
jeans chinos and joggers ever made and they're 10 off now using codeTS at Muggsy.com. That's 10 off.
Absolutely ridiculous comfort.
You can't beat it.
That will cause you to never wear anything else ever again.
Trust me.
And oh yeah, they're fully backed by 100 comfort guarantee.
Meaning, every single order gets free shipping and free returns.
If they don't fit or whatever.
Try out a pair risk-free today and see why over 16,000 guys with huge massive asses and thighs
have changed their lives with Mugsy. Use code CHICKLETS at Mugsy.com For 10 off I'm looking at it Minnesota
Michigan Quinnipiac Boston
University BU
Witzel team
Witzel team
It should be a good one I know looking at
All these teams and their run
And cooking through on their way
Here to Tampa by the way
They give them those brutal fucking like
Cardboard things, we made it
to Tampa. Don't they do better
shit in college? Are you getting a cardboard
cutout to take a picture? Do they cut out the
nets? Like the basketball? Yeah,
they do that if you win.
Is that only for the title or the regionals?
Just the title. Oh, just the title.
You could probably do it in the regionals.
You could do it in the regionals.
We're cutting nets out, though.
It's college hockey.
We do whatever we want.
We've got four really good teams here, though.
I think all possess something different about them,
whether it's skill with those Michigan, Minnesota teams.
It's lockdown defense.
I feel like Quinnipiac's just a rock and a team that comes through there.
And then BU has a little bit of everything as well on their way here so you know looking at this tournament what what are we to expect
what do you like what are you seeing yeah it's i think it's so different for me i'll say yes just
because it's like i watched penn state almost knock off michigan who's a team that everyone
looks at i'm like thinking my head i'm like fuck that was a seven game series penn state could
maybe have had i'm like the way they played like they surprised me and this is like you know one
and done college stuff so you never know but you know what are we to expect from this kind of
format this kind of tournament and these kinds of teams yeah i think it's a little different than
this frozen four to me is a little different than the last probably four or five because you have you know three of the most blue bloods four yeah you know with bu michigan
minnesota we're just loaded with talent and high-end young kids and then quinnipiac is obviously
very very good too but they're older uh so it's almost a very it's it's totally different you
know kind of styles of play um I honestly think anybody could win.
I don't know those Western teams as well.
We played Quinnipiac and BU.
You beat Quinnipiac, didn't you?
We beat Quinnipiac once, which was, you know,
I think that was our home opener this year.
And what was it?
What was the score in that game?
Because I saw, I looked them up,
but they don't give up, like, more than, like, two goals a game.
Yeah, it was 4-0.
It was at our rank.
I don't think the Chiefs let them up.
Well, we didn't light them up,
but we got, you know,
at our rank, you know,
if you get the first goal,
I think they're a team,
then the next thing I think
they beat us like 5 or 6-2
or something, but...
You pissed them off.
Yeah.
I mean, if they get...
They're a very, very well-coached team.
Those guys do an unbelievable job,
so if they get up on you,
it's really hard to, you know,
to come back.
I think you saw that.
Who did they beat?
Ohio State, I think, in the regional there.
And they scored two quick goals, and it was just an insult.
And you just knew it was over.
You just feel that it was over.
You feel that they were going to score, and then it was quick,
and then just the game was over.
Yeah.
And BU is super high octane.
Jay Poundell, their their first year head coach.
He's done an unbelievable job there.
And they have a ton of high-end skill.
Yeah, what about this little guy, Lane Hudson?
People don't talk about him as much.
He had, I don't know the numbers, but close to 50 points.
He led Hockey East as a defenseman and freshman defenseman. The score is sick.
Which is great.
We played them
three times. I think he had
about 15 points in those three games.
So we saw enough of him.
Lane Hudson,
15 goals,
33 assists in 38
games played for 48 points.
As a defenseman. As a freshman, not bad.
Where did he come from?
Sask?
He was a NDP guy.
He was a Sask guy?
I can tell you he's a second-round graphic of the Montreal Canadiens, 62nd overall.
Wow, that sounds like a steal.
He's from Holland, Michigan.
Montreal, did you hear that?
Yeah, he's...
Wow.
So his brother's on the team too,
and I think there's a third one that's at the NTDP now.
So what he did this year is unbelievable,
and he's not one of the Hobie finalists,
which is crazy kind of,
but to do that as a freshman defenseman is phenomenal.
How do you compare him to Makar when you saw him?
Is there any similarities, differences?
Just the Makar whisperer.
We got the Makar whisperer. We got the car whisperer.
Well, to put it in perspective,
if you look at Cale, Cale's two years.
And as a freshman, Cale had 20-some points at UMass.
And this kid has almost 50.
He's probably partying.
No, he wasn't.
He wasn't drinking big deal brews.
And then, obviously,
Kael had, you know, won the Hobie the next year.
He was an unbelievable, you know, player
and went right to the NHL.
But, you know, to put that in perspective,
it's pretty crazy.
I mean, his sophomore year, he had 49 points.
That's how many Lane had this year.
His freshman year, 21.
21.
So to think about what Lane did as a freshman this year.
That's wild.
And Hobie, no Hobie consideration for that kind freshman this year, that's wild. And, uh,
Hobie, no Hobie consideration for that kind of, well, he,
I think he was a top 10, but he wasn't a top.
Yeah. The three Hobies are a Fantilli, Cooley and Nye.
Yeah.
Oh, and obviously all good players. I don't know those Western guys.
Obviously those guys are phenomenal players. So, you know, I don't,
I just, we don't play, we hadn't,
we didn't play either of those two Minnesota or Michigan this year.
So, you know, it's hard for me.
I've watched them and know that they have a ton of talent.
And I really do believe any of these teams are capable of winning.
I just want to skip something.
Gee said something really awesome on Spin Chicklets, our parent station.
He said, I got a great idea for college hockey
They should play the regionals in the
Number one
Team that's ranked first highest
Should host the regionals
Like I want to go to that just because
I think that's an awesome idea I think that
Makes the crowds awesome yeah you get home ice advantage
But you earned it and you
Earned the crowd wouldn't that be awesome
I mean for Maine if you had it,
wouldn't you want that if you finish first
with your crowd as you're talking about?
Shouldn't it be like that?
The atmosphere is the best part of college hockey.
So if you could really bring that out,
I feel like that would just grow the game.
That gets talked about because it used to be like that.
It was.
I was going to say, I remember a year Michigan
somehow hosted it, and they weren't even a top team.
Are they doing this because some of these teams
are good multiple years
in a row so they continue to host it?
Providence hosted the year you guys won the national
title. Well, they hosted not at Providence's
rink. It was at the Dunkin' Donuts Center.
So, I think the
fairness was a big piece of it,
right? So, it gets talked about every
year to go back to that because
a lot of it comes down to dollars and cents
at the end of the day and if you're at a home site, you're going to sell those places out probably.
And, you know, depending on who's at what regional, you know,
that depends on what attendance is like and that kind of stuff.
So it gets talked about all the time, but it becomes tough
because there's no standards of like every college rink is like a different shape,
different size.
Like High Valley or whatever they hosted,
and it was michigan
against penn state penn state's like a couple hours away i mean that was a home game for them
when i was watching on tv it was like totally all their fans so like yeah what are we doing here you
know like why why are we doing that why don't we do it where you know some of these teams are the
host the small barns though i know the the money comes into it but like the small atmosphere of like the fans
on top of the ice like i i personally just think like from a camera perspective in viewing it on tv
i just think that's good for the game yeah fans are on top of the ice screaming every time there's
a goal they're banging on the glass like i just think that looks better than playing in worcester
or in manchester at noon nobody to see noon. There's even cancelling.
Yeah.
No, I think you're right.
And I just, you know, if you take all 62 or 60,
whatever the number of Division I teams,
I mean, logistically, some places couldn't handle that, you know,
as far as, like, hotels and getting.
And Cornell.
Cornell's got four teams coming.
Yeah.
I mean, think about some of the places that you go.
If you're not near a major city, like, how are you going to put four teams up?
So it becomes an issue.
But I agree with you.
Like, in theory, it would make a ton of sense.
And they talk about it every year going back.
And you just don't know who's going to be the one seeds until, like, what, four days before it?
Yeah.
So that's a logistic thing.
That's true.
Yeah.
So, like, right until the last game, you don't know who those number ones are.
Yeah.
I mean,
we're,
we're even doing that in the NHL,
right?
It's like,
you know,
re-ranking for playoffs.
That's still a conversation that I think should happen too.
I think it's,
I think it's got to go right to one to eight and just redo it.
So something to think about,
something we heard about from a coach as well.
Tomorrow night in Tampa, I don't know,
what do you expect from the atmosphere, the crowd?
It's in Tampa.
Obviously, this is a place that's used to seeing championships.
They're going to see another one here this weekend.
What do you expect it to be like as far as, you know, you were in it.
You were in the tournament.
Like crowds, fan bases, schools, support.
Are we going to show up to the games tomorrow?
Is it going to be a gong show?
Like is that kind of the expectation?
So I came, it was here in I think 2012, and then I think it was here in 26.
So Union College was here in 2012.
So Nate and I came down here because we had just left Union.
So we went to watch the team.
It was awesome.
This is as best, this is as good of a, of a place as you can be, uh, for a frozen four
and every year moves around.
This is probably one of the best ones you can go.
Just cause I think it adds like, just like the NHL, like you come to a game, there's
outdoor bars set up.
It's, it's ready to go with that kind of atmosphere that you'd want or expect not only an
nhl game that's awesome for being down here but college especially right yeah and the fan bases
are come most of them are coming from the deep it's just an awesome place yeah so like you know
we got perfect teams in it too we got some yeah you got you got you got teams that are very you
know lots of tradition um i think it's going to be an unbelievable atmosphere.
I don't know if I'm even going to go because I hate watching games when we're not playing.
It makes me feel like we're...
Well, no, you'll be the guy pacing around in the concourse.
I feel like a failure.
You'll be like watching,
you'll be like, that guy will be in the portal at the end.
Portal, how's he going?
Yeah.
I think I have a ton of fun.
In 2012, I can say it was unbelievable.
I can't imagine it won't be even better.
That's actually true.
Minnesota, Michigan, Quinnipiac, Boston University.
I might not be the palest guy at the big...
I literally might.
That's a great point.
You're going to see a lot of fans from people who haven't seen the sun in a while.
So you're going to see a lot of tasty people.
You're looking good.
You've covered for Sweden.
Dark 24 sun. We've turned the sweet. It's dark 24-7.
We've turned the clock.
We're the other way now.
Now it's too bright up there.
I can't go to sleep.
I need these dark.
Yeah, we're on our way to the summer.
Yeah, windows like at the ranch.
Come on, block that sun out.
Is that what he used to do?
Yeah.
Yeah, I put the aluminum foil on the window.
He's an NHL player.
That's how you get as black as you can. A little foil on the window as an NHL player. Tin foil.
That's how you get as black as you can.
A little tip of the pros for you kids out there.
Shitter's full.
Did you used to do that with the, do you have a septic tank at the ranch?
Yep.
I had to dig that thing up because, well,
Betty's flushing everything you can imagine down the toilet.
Next thing you know, the thing's blowing up back up the other way you got the gm call gm was on it bet he fucked around with the septic tank again oh man what a beauty uh what are you flushing paper towels down there i i exactly
i didn't know and oh he he blames me i'm not the one flushing the bad things. Among other things.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I'm looking forward to this.
I'm looking forward to our action tomorrow.
You're not going to go to the game, are you?
He's coming to the game.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I haven't been in the sun.
I have three little kids at home.
So I sat at the pool today.
It's the longest I've had.
We'll see you at Hat-Trix.
Yeah, let's watch.
I'll come to that.
You're probably not going to leave Hattrick's.
If you're looking for Ben Barr,
he'll be at Hattrick's from 3 to midnight.
They got good nachos, too.
3 to 5, Hattrick's.
Benny Barr will be there with the crew. He'll be
sitting in the corner. We're not going to make him be awesome,
but he'll be awesome in his own way.
That's on slate for tomorrow before we head to the
rink. We got two games.
Merles, you want to get in some
of this, you know, what you expect?
I mean, you're the guy.
A lot of people lay on
this guy. Like, can you believe this guy now?
Well, I didn't tell you this.
Did I tell you this story about the team when our team was practicing
and he showed up and all our guys look over there like,
hey, there's Merles. How do you guys know who this guy is?
You're like, don't get me started.
We're all following Chick.
We're all following him on.
I mean, you guys shouldn't be following him.
But anyway, is Game Notes the official podcast of NCAA?
I think it is.
I think we just took it over.
Boom.
We're here.
We're on site.
We got boots on the ground down here.
We got a head coach here
We're gonna blow this
Tournament apart, we're gonna have a blast
We're in the sun, we got Benny Barr
We got ultimate insider action
Alright, we're gonna get into a little bit more
Of the Frozen Four
Merle's a little bit later
But I wanna transition now
I don't know if you've listened to us
Maybe you should ask some of your players. They probably do.
It's a segment we like to call show or mindsies.
It's where we name something that you think is awesome.
It goes to the show.
If something's really grinding you,
you send them to the mindsies where Merle's and I spent a lot of time
playing as you're well aware of.
Basically my whole career.
It's a real popular thing.
And I know we were getting a ton of stuff said to us all the time.
Show Mindsies pictures of guys with crazy stuff,
like for beer leagues, like this is the Mindsies.
What a loser, like trying to get us to carve guys on social media.
So thank you to our listeners, viewers, and fans
for really enjoying and embracing this segment,
which I think is pretty fun.
You want to go first with yours?
Yeah, I guess so.
It's Frozen 4 related.
I caught it on Twitter this morning late.
The Quinnipiac class of 2017, a couple of NHL guys, Clifton, Taves,
they set up a dinner for the team last night, all expenses paid.
I don't know.
I think you can do that now.
I don't know.
Is that allowed?
It's allowed for a long time.
Quinnipiac might get thrown out of the tournament but they they they
picked up a dinner they set it all up for the team last night when they got into town so quinnipiac
got here they had nothing to worry about the old nhl guys set it up for him from quinnipiac
the alum so that is that show don't show i mean you get a show meal in a show city
from your show guys.
A couple of the other alumni, too.
That whole class chipped in, but I'm sure Tate.
Oh, fuck.
Those guys cut the fucking cord, you guys.
Cut the cord.
Let them do it on their own.
Let them earn it.
It was there for you guys when you guys were doing it.
Exactly.
That's why you do it.
Good job, boys.
That is show.
I love that.
You got anything show you want me to go?
I'll go let you simmer. All right.
Yeah, go for it.
For me, show, want me to go? I'll go let you sit. All right. Yeah, go for it. For me show. I saw tweets also.
This is amazing to me.
And I love this stuff.
Cause we've raved about Austin Matthews with like most,
you know,
five on five goals scored and,
you know,
through seasons of past,
not so much this year.
Uh,
but Adam Rawal,
I hope I said his name right.
Sorry.
Of the call Colorado hockey.
Now tweeted McKinnonon has 69 even strength points
guys in 65 games this year 69 in 65 games this year he needs just two more even strength points
to be a point a game at even strength on the season also 100 points first 100 point season
that he just had and it's first in Colorado history
Since Burnaby Joel, Joe Sackett did it
In 06-07
Who doesn't love Joe Sackett
But that, like, McKinnon's a
He missed a bunch of games too, right?
That's why he's going to be short games
But he's going to be over the point of game threshold
Yeah, but I meant more for his first 100 point season
Yeah, yeah
It was on a year where he missed a game
Yeah, he's going to play So let me points. Yeah, yeah. It was on a year where he missed a game.
Yeah, he's going to play.
After playing until middle of June.
65 games, or they have five or four more games left,
four more games left or something.
He's going to play like 69, 70 games,
and he's going to have that many points.
I mean, that's pretty remarkable.
You look at like McDavid and some of these guys that are putting up like 100 power know, a hundred power play points or, you know, close to,
it's pretty amazing what they're doing on power play.
Just absolutely crushing it.
But what McKinnon, the kind of player he is, that show,
you want to get it done, kids.
You want to get it done.
You get it done five on five to prove what you're worth.
You score goals five on five.
They're worth way more than a power play goal.
I, you know, we all think that I believe, you know,
scoring goals is huge but
five on five production is absolutely unbelievable that's the coach if he you know yeah like you read
into those stats five on five versus power play i i can't say that i that we look at that a lot
so is that that just you want points well yeah i mean we want scoring we want power play to be good
i don't care who does it the power play has to be good no matter what you're gonna win i think so it's like you know i think a lot of the
points in our world i don't know you know better than i like how many of the power like the top
guys how many of those percentages of this power play stuff yeah i mean it's that's it's very rare
i don't know how many times we see a guy get you know per game at five on five points like that's that's wild wild and ridiculous the
year he's having that show that's real that's a real hockey player that's how you get it done
mckinnon we already know his show but like that production at that at that pace at that rate at
that five on five area uh amazing amazing that's my show Let's go now
Let's head here with the coach
I don't think I can beat that
But for me
Again I want to thank you guys
For allowing me
I don't get to do this kind of stuff
Very often
So for me this is my show
Is just being here with you guys
On Chicklet's trip
On Chicklet's trip
Yeah
Oh he's dating yeah
Chicklet's ball
We've been here for a couple hours
Chicklet's ball
You know it's me and my old roomie
My old college roomie.
Like, this is, he was, are you going to the Frozen Four?
I'm like, I'm not going to the Frozen Four.
Well, maybe we'll do this thing.
I'm going, I'm only going down there if I can hang out with you for a little bit.
That's the only reason.
So I appreciate you guys having me here.
It's, this is the show for me.
And, you know, then the other thing for me would be just hopefully our team at the University of Maine.
Give those guys a shout out.
They're working, they're back.
They're working out at 6 a.m every day and uh you know hopefully we can get to the we can become
the show in the next few years and and get our program to where it used to be and um you know so
i i appreciate those guys so i'm sure they'll like to hear that do we got to get you guys sponsored
with uh mosquito spray there because like i'm from saski i know you guys are up black flies
black flies oh that's the worst worst I don't have the bad excuse
It's the flies in the spring
Yeah
And they come out
Vacation land
Or whatever they call it
Yeah
They get injured
Look at my nose
Imagine if black flies
Go up my nose
Good luck getting up there
I can't even breathe
Through there though
Black flies
Joke's on you
Yeah
Gee you got show for us
I do
I do
So we are recording
Wednesday night
Tonight we dropped Our first full length Documentary It was G, you got show for us? I do. I do. So we are recording Wednesday night.
Tonight we dropped our first full-length documentary.
It was fucking incredible.
So I'm calling the Chicklets production team up to the show this week. Mike McQuaid, Sean Apuzzo, I believe Trent Christensen had a part in editing it, Elliot Fish.
It's just, you know, I texted Sean Apuzo probably two years ago on September 11th when I
was watching the game on ESPN. I said, hey, I think we should make a documentary about this
game. The kid went to work for the past two years, has been grinding on this documentary, McQuaid as
well. So it's been so cool to see. I mean, documentaries is something I personally always
wanted to do. It's my favorite way to consume content, especially hockey content. So to see these guys, to see the product they put out tonight,
and it's just, it's really cool. It's something that's opened a new door for us. We're going to
be able to go into this world of documentaries and create really cool hockey content. But
the Chicklets production team deserves a call up to the show this week.
Mike McQuaid, Sean Apuzzo, Elliot Fish, Trent Christensen, they worked their bag off on this doc.
It is really good.
I watched it tonight.
It dropped at 6 o'clock Wednesday night.
Go on YouTube, watch it.
It's that good.
It's honestly like beyond pro.
It's crazy how in-depth, how cool it it is and how cool the characters are
Which makes me look even more forward
To the game
Almost just over a week from today
April 15th
It's going to be awesome
Barstool's putting it on, Spin Chicklet's all involved
Can't wait to be there
Merle's and I will be there, all of us will be there
All those guys you mentioned did an unbelievable job
But G's not on camera right now
He's actually crying right now, He's so proud. I was.
I almost fell. I know. A little tear in his eye. And he's having such a good time on the trip.
Don't be surprised if he shows up in Long Island. He's coming.
I might come down there. He's coming. Who's the guy on there? Quader's here right now.
Who's that guy? Strafer? Strafer with the handlebar, Quader. You gotta see
this character. He's an absolute weapon.
He's a beast.
So let's ask.
Let's ask.
Yeah, let's go.
Let's ask equator.
So what was your favorite part of filming this documentary?
Who was the biggest character?
You know, kind of run us through some of this.
Bobby Strayfer.
Strayfer is probably like the character of the goon.
He's always lighting people up at practice to get them prepared for the game.
So if you have your head down, like he's, you're going to catch his, uh, his shoulder red
to his chest. But I also think like, you don't realize how high level these guys play. Like Dan,
Dan O'Donoghue and Matt Zay, they played at Mercyhurst. Who are they with? So one's, uh,
O'Donoghue is with NYPD and Matt Zay is with FDNY and they played at Mercyhurst together.
And the best part is, is that they hate each other growing up.
They weren't friends and then they went and played
juniors together and then they went to
college and became best friends and now
once a year they just battle it out.
They're not friends or anything and actually
you called Zay out to
chuck him at center ice for the game
so it's going to be a good game. It's going to be some
brawls. I'm excited for it.
Yeah, that's what I'm like.
Gee, I was like, I've been watching this and hearing the interviews.
I know I'm supposed to be like be in the locker rooms and like on the bench,
like trying to get in.
I might have to go to the penalty box.
There might be end up being more guys in the penalty box in the game.
Oh, yeah.
If we get some sideline content.
Yeah, you're going to be busy, I think.
By the way, the documentary went the way they went
after each other and the way they sold it at the end as well to tee up this game too like we're
coming in to kick the shit out of each other we're gonna put on a show we're here to play we're here
to win great job quater to you and your crew absolutely gee that is show that's beyond show
like can you win awards for that like that that, I watched it tonight. I was like, this is like shit I love.
Tribeca Film Festival.
Tribeca, yeah.
We're coming for you.
Oh yeah, you guys deserve it though.
It's very well done.
If you haven't seen it, go check it out.
I highly recommend it.
All right guys, before we go any further,
hold on, hold on to your horses.
I have a big announcement to make.
I want to talk to you guys about Chevrolet.
Chevy!
Chevrolet is a trusted company that's been innovating for the last 100 years.
That's right.
That's a long time.
100 years.
I can only hope that Chicklets is around for 100 years.
Up to now, most electric vehicles have been either too expensive, too small, or too limited
in capabilities for most people.
That's a fact chevrolet is committed to making evs available for all americans when i see someone driving a chevy i know they made
the good choice it's a very delicious choice way to go there's a growing network of public
charging stations there are over 1900 certified chevy dealerships. That's a lot. Chevy has
convenient ways to research and shop EVs online. You can find them anywhere. Make sure you go check
them out. These EVs are truly beautiful. A nice looking iconic car. Chevy gives people the confidence to feel and be electric.
EVs for everyone, everywhere, Chevy.
After that, nowhere else to go but the Mindsies.
So let's hear some of the Mindsies.
We got Merle's very seasoned.
He loves to grind his axe on the Mindsies right now.
You've been electric for six episodes.
I played in the Mindsies here. I played in've been electric for six episodes here i played in the
mindsies in switzerland i played in the mindsies in sweden el senskin so i know the mindsies
my mindsies this week is is the real the the big show the real chicklets ra biz and wit
they went over their mistakes this episode from the episode before no that's our job that's our job to go
and chirp them for their mistakes but they went back and cleaned up a couple of their mistakes
stop doing that ra biz and wit you guys are going to the mindsies after doing that that's
chiplets chirps uh yeah now we don't have that segment we don't have the segment because they
correct i get it so that'ssies Yeah You know it's like
When you're doing a drill
In Maine
And it's like falling apart
And you're like
Oh my god
I can't dumb this drill
Down enough for you guys
Like what's going on
And then you know
The boys are laughing
In the room after at you
That's what we do
When we do the segment
Chicklets Chirp
So stay out of our league
To the boys
I'll say stay out of the league
My Mindsies segment is
I gotta get after him.
I got after him this week a little bit.
And Merles, if you can do it without the barrel making an appearance,
can you show me that shirt?
There it is, the Jets.
Score right now?
I don't know.
Do we got a score on the Winnipeg Jets?
I'll check right now.
The biggest game of the year?
Yeah.
Call it the game of the season.
The game of the season.
They're playing the Flames. Obviously, they're right there. The Jets. I know you thinkg Jets. I'll check right now. The biggest game of the year. Yeah. They call it the game of the season. The game of the season. They're playing the Flames.
Obviously, they're right there.
I think the Jets.
I know you think the Jets, and I think the Jets.
I like the Jets.
Let's see what they are.
The Flames are pathetic.
They lost to the Chicago Blackhawks last night.
Jets have a game in hand.
They're two points above Calgary.
They're playing each other tonight.
It's tied 1-1, I think, after, what is it after?
The first period?
1-1 after two.
After two.
In Winnipeg.
I like Winnipeg.
Me and Merles went after Winnipeg hard for loving them.
We were loving them.
We were riding them for like a month.
We're like, this team's unbeatable.
They're so good.
They're huge.
They're the biggest team in the league.
They're structured as shit.
You can't go through them.
They've got Hellebuck.
They're deproduced sneakily produced
not just their main guy uh norrisy and and all of a sudden all of a sudden north it's been an
embarrassment it's like i could have picked the flames just as easily winnipeg you're too good
for where you're at you're too good for the slide you have you're too good and now you're having to
battle like the jigs team
that is the calgary flames right now to try to get in the playoffs you were there i was thinking in
my head i was thinking you're gonna win the stanley freaking cup i love how you're addressing
the city of winnipeg you're looking dead into their eyes i'm an alumnus serious i'm a winnipeg
jet alumnus yes it was with the thrashers but there's deep ties into this organization that i have
and i'm i was watching them i was actually a game between the benches in pittsburgh they
throttled the penguins it hurt my heart to watch it but i was going after that game i was going
this team's gonna win the stanley cup no one's even really talking about them they're that good
they're that deep they're that big they're that structured they're that solid they have the
goaltending they have star. They have power play specialty.
They can do it all.
They're gritty.
Like, what happened?
Wake up, Winnipeg.
You're the minors.
You're going to the Mindsies.
Let's go.
I might change my mind after I see the score tonight, though,
as they are up two points on the Flames.
This could be it.
This is the biggest game of the year, maybe.
That's me. Where are we biggest game of the year, maybe. So that's me.
Where are we going, Benny?
Mindsies.
So I think I had
a Mindsies moment this morning.
I had a 520 flight
out of Bangor.
So my Mindsie would be
a 45-minute layover connection,
and they sell those to you,
which is on me
to probably buy
something like that.
But I go to JFK.
Sounds amazing to me,
by the way what so 45
minutes so we're on time no way you make that check bag no check no check bag i didn't bring
much yeah so i two duffel bags it's only fucking i had a three three main golf golf shirt that's
all it's all i need i don't wear anything that my wife doesn't buy me Or I get for free But we get there on time
No problem it's like an hour flight from Bangor
Not even to JFK
We're stuck no one's at the gate for 20 minutes
So I got a 45 minute layover
20 minutes late getting off the plane
Full blown sprint
To get to my
So of course it's in the total other terminal
About a mile and a half
So I made it in a full lather Full lather to get to my, so of course it's in the total other terminal, about a mile and a half.
So I made it in a full lather.
Full lather.
The whole, for two hours.
Were you wearing slippers too?
No, I had.
Flicka, flicka, flicka, flicka, flicka.
No, no, so I left Maine. Your old bear phone is everywhere.
That's college.
Yeah, so it was.
Just warts all over your feet,
like Trip McNeely From Can't Hardly Wait
But it was
Because I was bundled up
Wintery in Maine
When I left
So you're
You got
I got my jacket
Everything
I sit down in the
In the plane
And it's a full drip
The whole time
And it just
Not a good start
That's a good trip
We have
We have the worst travel
As a team here
Yeah
Than anybody
So you're fitting in perfect
Yeah
I wasn't going to
Bring up my travel
I know that's kind of Wits territory but we'll let it slide will you go
to minesies there g i'll just keep it quick anyone who doesn't watch the uh nypdfdny that you're
going to the minesies you scumbags i agree i agree and i'll say this honorable mention shout out to
the people that sent us the guy in the beer leagues that used a suitcase as a roller bag.
That's mine.
Z's everyone agreed to social media.
Kind of,
we started getting trickled in.
I'm never going to lose this fucking roller bag title that Merle's gave me.
I have guys that come up to me in bars being like roller bag rally.
And I'm like,
he's got a roller bag.
No.
Oh,
no.
One time Merle's was just like,
you look like the excitement.
We were giving it to him as risk he can't carry his bag you know about our beer league hero segment at all i well i've heard it i mean they're now that were okay yeah yeah you're gonna give it to
us okay yeah i didn't know if he'd known it so we had a bunch already the roller bag don't take long
shifts don't be a hard-o and this one is just recent because you know jk watt of nfl fame uh retired and then he starts posting about beer
league big hockey guy big hockey guy from wisconsin love him great and he had this great thing where
the guy had a hot dog machine in the locker unreal i I'm like, this thing is show. I'm ready to put him in the show, J.J. Watt.
And then all of a sudden, I take a little bit closer look.
I zoom in on the picture a little bit.
That's the detail you're talking about.
Yeah, he knows.
And I look, and I see on his helmet, number 99.
It's not football anymore.
Hey, J.J., this isn't the NFL.
This isn't football.
Nobody wears number 99 besides our friend Wayne Gretzky.
Wait, so Amber said-
It was on his helmet too.
It was on the helmet.
99?
Because-
It could be a lie.
I don't know.
Well, because I know that he was given the jersey 99 when he played that day.
But the fact he has it on his helmet, that means he went out and bought the helmet stickers for it.
Or someone else did.
Which is.
Might have to fact check.
That is.
You're going to get fact checked.
I feel like JJ is a perfect guy that we should have on the pod to talk hockey,
a little hockey from him.
I know he's a Wisco guy, Russian.
He knows that.
Full Caulfield guy.
He jumped on the big bandwagon for them.
But I'd like to have that. Another college guy for you there, Benny. Who are we going to on the big bandwagon for them, but I'd like to have that.
Another college guy for you there, Benny.
Who are we going to get on the bandwagon for Maine?
Who are we getting on the bandwagon?
I'm not, but yeah, no 99 and high.
What would you do if a player came and asked you,
I want number 99?
Yeah, I mean, we just stick to the basic numbers.
Some programs let you, hey, if I want number 73 or something,
we just, yeah, we're basic up in up in maine you know like yeah that's why we like you one through 32 or whatever it is or 35
but yeah that's that's what we are but yeah who who of sports fame um would like jump on the main
bandwagon like you know jj gets on w went there. Like, who could you guys have that could be, like,
a person from Maine, maybe from Bangor that made it?
Not a ton of famous people.
I'm looking up notable alumni right now.
Stephen King or something.
Stephen King still lives, like, in Bangor.
One of them already knows, like, writers.
You know, actually, you know...
Literally, Guy would know that. You know who was, you know... A Western League guy wouldn't know that.
You know who was, I think, when Sean Walsh was a coach at Maine?
Kurt Russell.
Him and Kurt Russell were close.
I think Kurt Russell still has a place in Maine,
somewhere where no one, he can get away from at all.
So that would be a guy, if we were lucky enough to get in contact with.
Jump on the bandwagon.
Does he have kids at play?
He did.
I think he does, yeah.
Hopefully, right?
He plays the all-star game, like the shootout competition thingy with Zeke.
I would hope we could show him that it would be worth getting back involved again.
And we got to do our part.
We need a spokesperson.
We need a main celeb to come out.
And that's Herb Brooks in Miracle.
I mean, that would be a big thing for us.
That's what we need.
Get the dressing room done.
Get it all dialed in.
And we're going to recruit someone for you guys. i'm a good recruiter too perfect i got that little
bit of oh yeah i'm a salesman kind of hey hey big boy get young staff here at you mean just yeah
there it is you got merle cleaning up the league number six don't wear 99 that goes for all the
leagues youth hockey don't let your kid wear 99 there There's a bunch of guys in Russia that wear it. It's just, it shows some respect.
The guy, it's...
I don't want to ruin the next one,
but I remember when we used to go down to the Knick.
All right, we're going to get into rule number seven.
It's a two-rule segment.
I love it.
He used to drag me down when he was still playing.
I wasn't playing anymore, and I was not, like,
I don't want to...
I'd never really been a men's league guy as a coach so whatever but the nick arena you bring me down
there in the summer and i think it was your equipment guy from the river he was when you
were with the river rats and take one-timers all the time whiz them over that it should be no what
you can't take a one-timer it's dangerous no one yeah it's going to get you in the face that you
would get it whizz it over your head all the time and you were playing still you know that's a great
rule no one-timers no one time yeah you don't know what like would get it whizzed over your head all the time and you were playing still. You know, that's a great rule. No one-timers.
No one-timers. Yeah. You don't know what,
there's no way a beer leader knows where to go.
No. No.
Baz would probably do something like that. They got a stick that they use
like a CCM vector
that's like blue from like, you know,
2004 that our buddy
played in the American League that gave
it to them. They're still using it. They don't know where the hell
that thing's going.
Nope.
Get out of town.
That's me.
You know, you got, you can't do it.
Rollerback guys over here, one-timer, rollerback.
If you roll into the ring with a rollerback,
no one-timer's allowed.
Do you remember who that guy was?
Oh, yeah, Jake McGrath.
Yeah, like, it was unbelievable.
I'm like, hey, I'm out of here.
I'm not, no mask on, I'm out of here.
I'm not dealing with this.
But you got to know that as a pro.
You got to know what level you're playing at, and you just  you don't go near the net.
When you see that guy getting wound up, you just move away.
Yeah.
You're lucky if you get numbers in beer league on your jersey.
It's not like random.
But the hot dogs was cool.
That hot dog machine is big.
I want to play hot dogs.
I play in one with um with uh kennedy kevin
kennedy and what they do is they get the pizza delivered to the parking lot after so there's
two coolers of beer they get 224 cuts delivered to the parking lot so you just rush out shower
shower don't rush out too quick you shower and then go out to the parking lot pizza's there
the beers in the summer that's a good move too That's a GM move. That's something you would do.
Organize the pizzas, right?
Moving on, riding the bus, something we can all relate to.
A segment we like to do where we hit on some action around all over the place.
We'll keep this one pretty quick.
Just we've been heavy this episode.
But Merle, do you want to give a shout out?
Riding the bus to a certain team.
Yeah.
I did it last year on the real chiclets and they and they
repeat it the binghamton bearcats they won the aau club hockey national championship and it's it's
really funny that benny bar is here because he knows my doctor john o'brien you know john and
his son is the captain jack o'brien and they won it again and the great story about them why i like
to bring them up there's a lot of championships going on.
They do it without a coach.
They don't even have a coach.
They're all there on their own money.
They're all there funding themselves.
And had to give them a shout-out.
They repeat it, won another championship.
So let's hope Captain Jack.
Captain Jack.
Is he player coach?
Is he like a...
He's the captain, and they just keep winning.
So maybe he's coming for
Benny's job soon
Yeah
Good man though Brian
Good people
I want to give a shout out I don't know if you think of anyone yourself
I know you've been bombing around
You're at the talking to people
U14 nationals
A lot of hockey going on just finishing up
That's why we're here at Frozen 4
But a certain video And that's why I want to give a shout out it went viral the other day the ball
caris bronx they won their senior hockey title in the capel valley highway hockey league i mean how
fucking awesome is that and these beauties were at this little shithole barn and they're like perfect saski barn and and they're
some are like tarps off no upper but no upper gear some are full gear buddies drive the zamboni
full gear they they're they're loaded up on the zammer ripping around hoisting the trophy cheering
crushing beers driving the zammer and small town saski little area right between regina and yorkton
so shout out to you guys for the awesome cellully. And you guys got to understand like being from
Saskatchewan, like this drives these little towns,
right?
Like the place to go in these little towns is the
rink, is the curling rink and the rink joined if
you're lucky enough to have a curling rink.
But you go to these rinks on Friday nights when
the games are, whenever they have them and they
bring in ringers, they'll pay people to come in.
It's crazy. Uh, and you know, they stack their little teams, but you win them, and they bring in ringers. They'll pay people to come in. It's crazy.
And, you know, they stack their little teams,
but you win your league in those.
That's what keeps the life of this town going
for like eight-month winters of nothingness,
going down there, having a couple drinks,
and cheering on the, you know,
the local car dealer's kid, you know?
Like, it's like, should Game Notes make a little trip up?
We should.
I got to find out what the best, I know there's like, I don't know if it's old, like the make a little Trip up we should I gotta find out what the best I know there's like
I don't know if it's old like the wild goose
League is one of them but like some of these leagues
We gotta find out which the best one is and go
To the final like there's been some crazy
Stuff that has gone on in some
Of these leagues just small town stuff
That's awesome but you guys know this too
You don't get a better burger in some little small
Town or fries or something you know
There's always some little Guy like that's where fries or something. You know, there's always something. I'm a big poutine guy.
That's where many of our crew and all his kids are.
And you know what? They'd be happy to have us because I think they're still waiting to get
Big Deal Brews up there in Sasky.
So you might have to unleash.
Are we up there yet? Not yet.
We could hit up a little bit. When's it coming up here?
When's it coming up here? So, Sasky, there's
your shout-out. We're coming to Canada soon, though.
We are coming to Canada soon.
Alright, Barstool Sportsbook segment. We're coming to Canada soon, though. We are coming to Canada soon. We're coming to Canada soon.
All right, Barstool Sportsbook segment.
Merles, I got to get some numbers off you here.
I got to get to some EBR action just quickly from you.
Yeah, quick.
Until tomorrow.
Quick recap.
Last month, first loss ever for me on Chickens Game Notes,
Game of the Month.
Your team, Vecchio, screwed me.
They won the two games before. Then they won the four games after the Game of the Month your team vecchio screwed me they won the two games before then
they won the four games after the game of the month but they lost that game team that i bet
against lost every other game but that game but whatever we're on to new things munchin red bull
one of our favorite teams for two years now three years now ebr they lost at home the other night
they'll be back at home saturday still in the playoffs they will not lose at home again to that team Munchen three-way Munchen Red Bull DL three-way and then
for the armor armor play of the week or play of the month we're doing some uh Frozen Four action
it's got to be Frozen Four we're down here I I my favorite game of the whole thing My lock I would say
If I can say lock
Would be Minnesota
The line is tough
Minnesota's minus 197 on the money line
You always do
I'm a three way
I'm a three way guy
So I'm minus 120 on the three way
In my blog I really like that
Can I change it
It's called the armorour Play, so.
Okay, I want to do Puck Line.
Puck Line.
Puck Line, Minnesota.
Minus one and a half.
I would say that's probably going to be plus 150,
plus 55 on Barstool Sportsbook.
I like that so much.
The juice.
I'm in, I'm in.
We're going to get a blowout.
We're going to get a blowout against BU.
We're going to have an empty netter probably or something.
Who cares?
It's awesome.
Puck line Jesus.
That's what we're looking for.
I like it.
All right.
There's the armor.
Official armor play.
Minnesota Gophers minus one and a half.
Thursday, I believe the game is at 5 p.m.
Is it 5.30?
Yeah.
5 p.m.
5 p.m.
We'll have boots on the ground.
We'll be there.
We either will have cameras in our...
I will sneak in Pink Whitney nips or Big Deal brews if we need rallying.
Get it over the line.
Whatever we have to do.
I haven't been with you yet, Merles, for a Game Notes trip,
so this should be interesting with G and the boys here.
And we'll also be at Hat-rick's, 3 to 5 on Thursday.
Come by.
It's supposedly the best hockey bar in the country, according to Migs.
So we didn't lose Benny yet.
Benny, you're going to be there too, right?
Like, we're going to haul you out of there.
You're going to be there.
He's up there.
A bunch of other guys, a couple other pros that are scouts and coaches I know are all stopping by.
It's going to be the spot to be before the game.
I just hope we get out of there.
I heard it's the spot too.
I heard it's the spot.
We might have to go at noon.
So we actually do leave by five.
So everyone tells me it's your favorite spot.
People that live here that I know that go there just to like have some beers and watch
a game and drink.
So Benny, you're going to come down there.
It'll be the easiest.
I'll be there.
If there's fucking people there, you'll just be like, let's go.
We'll help you out.
I'll put on one of those nice blue main shirts.
Yeah. Yeah. That looks good to you guys. I'll put on one of those nice blue Maine shirts. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, that looks good to you guys.
That looks good.
That's my color right there, the baby blue.
Yeah, I should have been a Maine guy.
I should have maybe been a Maine guy.
Probably should have.
And I want to tee up a few more things.
I'm doing TNT on Sunday.
I'll be in there on Sunday.
So right from here, from the Frozen Four, guys, I'll be heading.
You were on Real on the other night.
Thanks, buddy.
I stayed up.
My wife's like yelling out, why are you still awake? I'm like, ah, Biz and Army are on TNT. Yeah, I know. I were unreal on the other night. Thanks, buddy. The one. I stayed up. My wife's yelling out, why are you still awake?
I'm like, ah, biz and army are on TNT.
Yeah, I know.
I got to stay up for it.
I had to stay up for it.
It's pretty electric, pretty fun.
So I'll be in there.
I'll get one more crack at it before playoffs here.
Then who knows what will happen.
Are you getting any playoff shifts?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Come on, TNT.
Get dried out.
Give me some shifts.
Yeah, let's go.
TNT, come on.
I'm doing pretty good.
Game notes. Get him up to the show. Get him up to doing pretty good Game notes get him up to the show
Game notes get me to the show like I don't care
Throw me down between the benches I like that too
I want to shout you out also for
Our boys on the ring trink she went on there
Great episode
All the guys with kids you gotta listen
To them you were great on there talking youth
Hockey and your whole experience
I got so many texts about that like they put out
That one little like graphic with the thing i said they did a good job those
guys are beauties but like i got so many text messages about like oh we need to talk about this
this is can you just break it down real quick like we don't have to get too deep into it we're at the
end of the show but like can you just break down what you did say on that graphic like about youth
hockey development well i just i just think that like you know i think it's
what we see in the nhl is one thing but like the development of kids for me personally and seeing
is just like making the same player and for kids understand and for coaches too in development
that just because you're one way doesn't mean that's the way to be and if you're not like
everyone else stuffed in a box of skill and speed and trying to be like McDavid that you suck because you don't, because, you know, look at a guy like Hyman, who's
packing his bank account, lighting it up to like, you need a lot of different things and
you need to be good at a lot of different things to be a really good hockey player.
And I think we need to focus in development a lot more on nurturing, you know, kids that
have different skill sets or are, or trend to a different side
that they're not in that box. Doesn't mean they suck. And, you know, I got a lot of text messages
about that, which I think I'm, I think I'm right too. So I think you're right. Yeah. No, I think
I see, I go around and see it everywhere. And, uh, you know, there's a lot of players I could
say from personal experience and players that I've coached at different schools that are
playing outside of the Kail McCars, it's those
other guys that you're talking about that can be
the third, fourth liners.
Like what you guys, you know, turn yourself.
Trying to find those guys.
Trying to find those guys.
And we can, in our world, we can, if we find
those guys, we can win national championships
with those kinds of guys, but they get overlooked
quite often.
So it's a really good point.
Because they don't want to be like that.
They want to be the other guys. Of course you do. But like, we need to tell's a really good point. Because they don't want to be like that. They want to be the other guys.
Of course you do.
But like, we need to tell them that it's okay.
You're good.
You're good like that.
So that's where it went a little bit of pop on that.
We got NYPD, NY, what is it?
NYFD game on Saturday the 15th.
We'll be there for that.
Live streams.
We're going to be live streaming the start of the
NHL playoffs with all the big boys.
Biz Witt will be in town.
It's always fun when we get in there with the Barstool
office. So lots to
stay tuned for. Check
out the documentary on YouTube that just came
out for that game as well.
And we'll be here all week, so stay tuned for a lot
of stuff. I'd like to thank Benny Barr,
head coach, University
of Maine, for joining us here at the
frozen four murals just flew in from sweden boys thank you anything else boys watch the doc baby
watch the doc april 15th we're coming to ubs yeah we'll be there so that's it we're gonna shut her
down let's go gophers i guess let's go go for some more for the armor thank you guys for having me
it was awesome yeah it was Yeah it was a pleasure Appreciate it
Benny tell all your guys
Check the game notes
