Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Here we go! Let's go, Spittin' Chicklets fans. This is it. It's time has arrived. It is Chicklets,
etc. This is episode one for all you Big Deal Brew guzzling, Pink Whitney nip crushing psychos out there that follow along with this show all the way on all the platforms.
Absolutely unbelievable. It's presented by Chevy EVs. We've got a great presenting sponsor and we're coming to you big time in our first episode.
We have lots of talk of what this show is going to be about and we'll get
to that but first i'm going to bring in a buddy of mine matt murley started our first uh pro career
our careers in pro together right out of the gates in wilkes-barre scranton penguins the
wilkes-barre scranton penguins and uh matt murley went on to play all over the damn world and has become the ebr legendary
uh gambling king uh says wit on spit and chiclets of barstool and uh merle welcome and by the way
merles you live in sweden i know a lot of people are interested about that we glaze over it a lot
i'm hoping we can dig into this but welcome to this podcast how is life i haven't seen you since pittsburgh uh and what
the hell are we doing having our own podcast hey hold on before you get to me what the hell
happened to your background we had a zoom call yesterday and you had a bare wall what is this
yeah buddy this is what uh playing in the show can do for you this is a fifty thousand dollar
mural that i got scaped onto my wall the other
day by uh none other than i'm just joking wasn't 50 grand i haven't got the bill yet actually for
it but cody sable uh unbelievable painter artist here in pittsburgh he does lots of stuff for the
steelers he paints different things for the penguins whether it's a 1000 game painting mural
of a player he paints
cleats even for for stealers on on certain game days he's up all night in his lab going crazy so
i had him come over and we came up with this what do you think of this i want to hear what people
have to think as well all your nhl logos in there i see you got the american eagle there now that
you're an american i love that sas flag. I'm wearing the winter classic jersey
of the original winter classic as well
that I scored the very first goal.
And we have that on there.
I've got a cowboy hat on the Sasky flag.
What's up, Sasky?
Western Canada.
Love you guys.
And the bridge in Pittsburgh right there, Murr.
Of course, you can see that.
Well, I had so much Pink Whitney
when we were down in Pittsburgh,
I didn't really notice those big yellow bridges, but as you can see,
as you said, I played all over the world.
So my backdrop is all free merch and beer and booze from the spit and
chicklets boys.
Well, this, this podcast is called chicklets, et cetera.
Now I heard on the podcast, maybe we'll ask, uh,
we could get some more clarity on this later, but, um,
they're they're throwing around different name drops.
And Biz says maybe it'll be an unnamed thing.
Like one of my kids was born.
She didn't have a name for two days because we couldn't decide.
And then we finally named her.
Maybe that's what we'll be.
I believe R.A. was the one that R.A. wasn't too pleased with the chicklets,
et cetera, name.
He said he could come up with a few other ones.
He mentioned check the game notes.
I'm sure we'll get to that when Biz and Witt come on,
but R.A. was not too pleased with it.
So I want to introduce also a regular face who just chimed in, Mikey Grinelli.
Maybe he can give us some info on the name of the show,
but also he'll be our producer on this as well.
So a regular face from Chicklets.
And, gee, how does this machine operate?
How are we operating underneath Spittin' Chiclets?
You were kind of the wizard of Oz behind the curtain, but we see your face.
Yeah. So Chicklets Etc. is going to be a sub brand of Spittin' Chiclets where
you'll be able to find this show on all Spittin' Chiclets platforms, you know,
Spotify, Apple podcast, Amazon music, as well as YouTube.
We'll be on YouTube as well.
So we'll be on the Spittin' Chicklets YouTube channel.
There'll be a Chicklets Etc. playlist
where you can find all Chicklets Etc. content
because while we will just do this show,
it will be Chicklets Etc. show.
I'm sure there's going to be more content coming from you guys
because as we know, we see it all the time with Merle's videos.
You guys are content machines.
And I want to say this. A lot of questions, Merle's,
I want to get to you for this. A lot of questions, what this show will be.
And the greatest thing about it is, is like, we kind of don't know,
but we kind of do know. And it's,
and how are we going to kind of differentiate this show?
Did I sound like biz there? Did I say something different?
Did I make up a goddamn word? I might've made up a new biz word.
But what's this show going to be?
That's kind of different and how are we going to run this thing?
You and I together with G piping in like he, like he does with some great
updates, facts, points and topics.
Well, it's just funny. It's because down in New York last spring, you know,
we were texting each other.
We happened to both be in New York and you ran down quickly to meet up for a quick, quick drink. And we had to rush over to the gambling house. And I don't know what you were thinking, but we kidnapped you. Basically, I don't even know if you had a choice, but you got over to the gambling house. We put on a, on a, like a great show. And I think biz's wheels started turning in his head like we need to get
army on this team what can we do we got to have this guy around because you're just hilarious
during that that game those live streams and and now here we are a few months later yeah and that
was a heck of an experience i was like i haven't seen you in forever of course because you live in
sweden so i had to make it happen we meet up with g i'm riding on a ferry to a damn gambling cave in New Jersey. I, I called my wife. I'm like, Hey, she's like, Hey, what are you doing? I was like planning on going for dinner. I'm in New York. I haven't traveled in a while just due to my other work, which I, you know, work up in Canada for Roger Sportsnet. I work here in Pittsburgh covering the penguins a bit. And I was doing a penguinsuins i was doing color for the game on radio because
our color and play-by-play guys got covet so i had to fill in the next night in the playoffs
and here i am i go for one beer and you know like a good old guy go for one stay till two
am i right and uh that's what happened when i was hanging out with you guys i never rode a ferry
before new york i never been to a gambling cave.
My wife's mind was blown.
Like, what the hell is going on here?
And that's kind of how it kicked off.
I got to know G.
I think I'd only talked to you, G, on the phone for the most part while you guys were doing all this.
But Murray, you were getting in the mix, gambling, getting in with the boys.
Yeah, we needed this.
And, you know, when I used to go on the chiclets ones i only had to do a
little preparation you know i would have four or five little nuggets of information because i know
biz always likes those and i always made sure to have one gambling win but now we got our own
podcast i mean i've been stressing all week going over the notes zoom calls with you instead of
taking care of my daughter you know that my wife i got to give her a shout out. She's really stepped up.
And this is really cool.
Me and you on our own show way back in Wilkes-Barre, we were dressed up as as old ladies or whatever we were for our rookie party.
I was a cheerleader.
You were Anna Kournikova.
And I was like, it's kind of funny.
I'm an American citizen now because I was wearing a USA cheerleading outfit on that thing.
It was like I was destined to do this.
What the show will be about. we haven't really got to that.
We're going to separate it kind of a little bit more segmented conversation,
you know, some kind of different angles on some of the hockey talk.
So we can maybe get away from that a little bit and kind of get into some more worldly.
I wouldn't say worldly.
It's that's stupid.
I would say more segment topics about some things
around hockey and life and some talking points and some other things that we have along with
uh different segments for all you EBR uh lunatics out there that can't wait to just like get your
picks in and Merle's will try to give you some advice on that Merle's you'll be giving out a
play of the month I believe at the end of the? Yes, I have a huge game circled on the calendar.
I love that.
As the EBR crew knows, I am 2-0 on my game of the months this year.
I fucking love that.
So we got a big one again.
I fucking love it.
This is what we're doing for the people.
Chicklets Nation, when you come on, we give you more content.
Bids says you guys want more content.
We're giving you more content. We're doing more what we're giving you everything wit has his buddies he said
what does he want to do he wants that job with his buddies he just wants to sit around talk about
hockey we're doing that for you we're giving you an extra show chicklets nation chicklets cares
about you our community is the best and we're making it bigger and better than ever merles
let's go should we get get her going boys let's get her going
right straight out of the gates for you uh our first segment is chicklets game notes which is
awesome funny enough ra thought that was the uh name of the show so we'll see if that even just
lasts as it is we're very unsure about this chicklets etc for now fans chicklets etc for now
uh but before stop stop the presses now. But stop the presses.
Stop the presses.
Stop the presses.
We are bringing on now.
I'd like to bring on and talk about the month in review,
some of the things we caught on the show, on the big show,
our brother show, our brother station, Spittin' Chicklets.
Let's get into it.
Let's bring on Biz and Wit, the two lunatics, the greatest guys,
the guys that have taken over hockey on Spittin' Chicklets.
We'll come on right now.
Boys.
All right.
Before we get to biz and wit, we've got to talk about our presenting sponsor, Chevy and their Chevy EVs.
From Bolt to Blazer, Equinox to Silverado, Chevy EVs are for everyone, everywhere.
They're affordable.
You don't have to be rich to have an EV.
Get out of town.
All-star capability on a rookie's budget with enough space for the whole family.
I got four damn kids. It's comfortable.
The Chevy EVs are affordable, fun, and go the distance.
Over 2,000 certified EV dealerships along with a growing network of public charging stations to help you live electric.
Finally, charging won't put you in the
penalty box chevy evs for everyone everywhere welcome biz wit we got the boys murrell's episode
one chicklets etc uh chicklets nation wants this the boys wanted this let's welcome you guys i know you guys are
busy you're all over the damn place and we want to get to know like what the hell is going on
in your worlds uh busy as hell and me and murals have this segment we're calling it
chicklets game notes and maybe we'll we'll kind of start there because i know it came up on the
pod last podcast ra kind of brought it up about our name and he
kind of threw that on there and biz you seem kind of open to it or just letting us like live unnamed
for a while what the fuck was that we don't have a name no no no i already brought the point that
originally it wasn't called spit and chiclets and i think that if a really a really good name comes
about and it pops more so i I think that you maybe should,
or we should shift or you should shift,
or I don't know why am I being put on the hot seat?
What did you,
what did you think about it?
Wit?
I just remembered back to being called the wit and RA show,
whatever the fuck it was.
And I know that I'd be living in a gutter.
We kept that the name.
So spitting chicklets was a,
was a phenomenal switch.
I like check the Game Notes.
That's pretty fucking good.
It's like it goes back to Army, your story and stuff.
But I'm also cool with right now just letting it sit.
If that ends up being it, if Chicklets, et cetera, we just wait it out.
And also, this is when you get the listeners feedback that actually a lot of times ends up being pretty legit.
And we have some more on listeners as you guys will too,
but sometimes they,
they,
they break through.
And Merle's we,
I think we called this segment a chicklets game notes just for the fact
that exactly on our outline is called chicklets game notes.
We just want to lay into some of your guys,
horrible takes.
Oh,
that should be all right.
All right.
It's just too easy picking right now.
What is gambling picks?
And then his Halloween one about the razor blades.
I just read a story.
It happened in Oregon.
It happens everywhere.
He was nuts about that.
I don't know what he's talking about.
R.A. canceled razor blades.
They're done.
Yeah, you're right.
You're right.
Actually, I'm shaving with Skittles now, so it's fair enough.
But, hey, before we get going and before you probably tee off
on some of my hot takes
congratulations boys we're happy to have you on board uh army you've been fucking doing your thing
on the national stage and now bringing it over to chicklets and merles as far as you go man like
i mean i don't know you didn't really start out with much of a foundation but you've grinded your
fucking dick off to bring a lot of joy to the the chicklets fan base uh i think you've paid off a
lot of their mortgages so continue to thrive buddy and and thank you guys so much for having me as your
first guest so i'm and wit as your first guest even though you had no choice so being under this
platform is huge right and being directly under spit and chicklets you can find us directly under
all the platforms where you find spit and chicklets. We will be there, which is absolutely huge for us.
I've been doing this a while.
You three let me know,
like was it the Philly trip where Merle's was kind of brought into that Philly
trip and went absolutely crazy gambling. And then also,
yeah, that was your first trip. Yep. And he hit the draw and he's like,
I got, I got to hit my pick oh i gotta i gotta hit my pick tonight i gotta
hit my pick and he took those plus 350 odds that it'd go to overtime and it did it was capitals
flyers i think right and we were going bonkers in the suites and and that that has been a tendency
of ours now every trip we somehow end up in a suite we win all our bets we go bonkers and uh
yeah i owe everything to that first trip like how do you
guys end up in a suite biz how do you guys do that guy in the parking lot unreal ticket sucked gritty
off um no i i think it was all lined up through our our presenting sponsor uh gallo new amsterdam
and of course uh through Pink Whitney.
So I was just trying to go back to Merle's.
I've never seen Merle's have a glow on like this.
He seems like a different person now that he's in charge.
Yeah, he's in charge.
Exactly, Biz.
You know what I'm saying?
Like leading the bus.
So I'm excited to get into this and bring up some of these topics
that you guys have thought of and make things a little bit different over here.
But, Biz, it's 520 in Sweden,
so he's probably had like seven beers by now.
Oh, that's the glow.
That's the glow.
No, the glow is this hero lamp I bought for the show.
Oh, you're a true podcaster now, bro.
True podcaster.
I got the microphone now, you know.
And one other or two other things
g or you guys will this be on youtube will be on our youtube channel yes it will okay cool and
second so that that that makes this more valid army wow with that background it looks like you
had it is that a professional paint job like yeah i want to do that now that looks i know
so i got the guy for you guys his
name's cody sable he's a local pittsburgh artist he does if you've seen any murals um on the
horizon whatever it is in pittsburgh or in the past of a a mural of like crosby getting his 500th
goal or any kind of thing or steelers players with their cleats painted or any kind of other
paintings that he does he does like awesome mural he does finger painting like quick like he can do stuff and uh as I'm saying this my
background I'm riding an eagle because I'm American now right have I mentioned that yet
what's your flag I'm wearing a winter classic jersey and a cowboy hat and I got a score that
game yeah and I got a Saskatchewan flag ripping for all my beauties
back in Sasky in Western Canada.
Love the people out there, the best people in the world,
the best junior league in the world,
and that's why I'm representing that Sasky flag with all my teams here,
Pittsburgh Bridge, this Eagles just riding me off to greatness on this podcast.
And your social media tag.
That's big time.
Social media tag right there.
We don't even have to pay for signage.
It's on there. It's on there.
It's up there.
This is pro.
I didn't screw around.
I haven't gotten a bill for the mural yet.
And I say this.
That could be.
I was going to say that could be more than you think, dude.
Dude, the guy did this all in one day.
He owns your house now.
Yeah.
He's sleeping in my spare room.
Squatter law.
He's doing the whole show for free for the whole year now to pay for
it plowing your old lady what the fuck is my house what are you painting
here in this contract here i signed it with my finger the finger paint uh no but as i say that
merles uh for example and he's new to this right I know Merle's and talking to him leading up to this boys and you guys
know him, right? Like he he's kind of nervous. He's kind of nervous,
but he had a chick look behind him now. Like he set up this whole thing.
It's awesome. And you know him, he's a content machine.
He's branded to the max.
He had a flag up there that I noticed already.
Hey, that's what happens when you're playing the minors as long as i did but uh we're in a brand
new spot and the wife still hasn't decided where i'm allowed or to put nails or screws into the
wall so you know i'm stuck here with all my free stuff i took back from the last pittsburgh trip so
next show i'll have the flag in its permanent spot. I promise. Get the old stud finder.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You got to get better tape for that,
bud.
But I will say this.
He's a little nervous.
We've got our own show.
We've got the two biggest guys that have taken over hockey was spitting
chiclets,
riding shotgun with us.
And I've never hosted a show before.
So this is all new to me as well,
which I'm really excited about and doing this.
And we're on chiclets game notes with the with the big boys so I want to start us off right away with
some of the things that we've seen over the past month on the show with you guys you can defend
yourself however you want but maybe we could just get into the mind of the beasts here a little bit
on on why this is happening because one big topic that started this year is Toronto Maple Leafs
right I think you know they got out of it last night.
Big W, Tavares went absolutely nuts.
We had some Matthews controversy with, he went like full,
he went into a trance noodle body situation.
I think Mike Rupp, ex-Penguin as well,
put a great breakdown on social media about the melee that happened.
But Biz, on the show, you ride or happened but biz on the show you ride or die
with the leafs you ride or die and and and saying no he rides and dies right fuck legs back off the
after the west coast trip they got rid of the bieber flu and the boys were buzzing against the
flyers last night well because i want to say this is because you ride and die with them in one breath they're the greatest they're
going back to back cups and at the in the same breath and and tell me this everything's great
but trots has got to be the coach trots has got to be the coach like how where is this coming from
because wit said the show's a parody show that was was his comment. He's turned it into a Leafs parody.
Leafs parody show.
Well, I just, because when I compare them as a team,
I look to a team who had high level of skill,
like the Washington Capitals,
and couldn't get over the hump
because they weren't able to figure out their structure
and also to play with that piss and vinegar.
I go, hey, listen, that video,
I thought that was a great breakdown.
And I,
I think that the leaves overall are a little bit soft.
And I think that if they are going to move forward,
they got to add a chip on their shoulder and kind of get a little bit
pissed off.
There's no,
no,
no doubting any of that.
They do have a few guys who are willing to step in the mix.
Like that's why they got geo in there.
I would say geo is one of the most feared veterans in the league.
And he,
he ain't fucking
scared of everyone listen i was like somewhat joking about the fact that they're probably
going to fire sheldon keith i think that kyle dubas's kid is named sheldon like they are absolute
boys so i think that they're both going down with the ship awkward but but but but wit kind of
alluded to to one of the points was,
I think that, what, Marner got sat for four minutes in the Anaheim game?
They're up 3-1.
One shift.
Right.
It was a four-minute time where he hadn't touched the ice.
And obviously there was a bit of desperation in the sense
that Anaheim had tied it up.
So then he ends up getting to go back out there.
The whole going down the hallway stick incident.
But, like, I the like there's i would
agree there's not enough tough love like you look at like for instance like torts busy busy busy
busy they did an apology tour after they criticized the elite what the what the fuck is this listen
they're my team and i put the blinders on and i focus on the positive they had a very similar start last year as i mentioned on the podcast finished with a organizational best 115 points in the regular season i mean it's a
fucking long history story franchise here that's pretty pretty good year after having a rough start
where everyone thought the the wall was or the sky was falling as far as the head coaching change
like if it happens it happens i don't think it would
happen anytime soon things would have to get a lot worse in my opinion but overall it's like we're
talking about 10 games into the season they did this last year the notoriously slow starters like
if you want to talk about mitch marner okay statistically over the last two years he's been
the best right winger in the game uh yeah he went poopy pants and went and slammed the stick,
but I'm not going to like rag on him because he showed some emotion.
As far as Austin Matthews concerned in that video in the breakdown by Rupp,
and I could throw it over to you or Witt or Merles,
but yeah, it didn't look good.
And yeah, maybe that would wear on teammates,
but I also think that when you're scoring 60 a year
and you're relieving a lot of pressure where the winds keep coming in
and you got to have a good time, there's other guys who can bring that element
maybe they just don't have enough guys maybe certain guys in the room would like to see
austin matthews fight connect me but we also had the conversation last year when um uh when mckinnon
ended up going after the guy from minnesota he almost broke his hand before a playoff so
you got to be
careful what you wish for and also last year coming into the season was that wrist injury
for Austin Matthews so maybe that's a reason he's had an internal discussion as to like
regardless of what happens you ain't dropping him and tossing him inside the beast of biz nasty
yeah that's why we love it is that's how it is now like that's why like yeah Rupert the game he
grew up in we were all fighting we were all sticking up for each other the game has completely
changed there's way too much money involved now i own the team i don't want my 12 million dollar
player fighting he doesn't maybe have to laugh but he's not fighting do you want him having noodle
arm do you want him having noodle arm and looking at the ground with like, that can like lead to who said it after the McKinnon thing.
I don't remember who it was.
It's like, that's like the game.
I know it's not the same game,
but you can't tell me that doing that stuff isn't going to like get a team
to grab onto each other and buy into like, it's like,
that's how you win a cup.
And I don't know, I understand both sides of the fact,
like if that kid breaks his hand,
everyone's like, what the fuck is he doing fighting?
But that's the risk you take in this game.
So I want to get back,
and me and Merle's were talking about this in the lead up
with this discussion is belief.
And Biz, you believe, believe you believe you're a believer
and i want to know i don't think he does no i want to know because you don't believe and and
and what don't you believe about because this i think is a deeper issue i think this is playing
style i think this is exactly what we're talking about with matthews the the commitment and like
you know i tweeted out last night uh spitting chiclets tweeted out the shift with
brendan gallagher the other day and i tweeted give me 15 of these guys and i'm getting ripped
on a little bit like oh my god you guys would go oh and 82 i'm like you're missing the point
you're missing the goddamn point this is about fucking heart this is about this is about losses
this is about internet clips yeah i gotta comment this is about clicks baby uh i got a
lot of clicks i got a lot of reaction from it but it's like this is like the attitude and the heart
and the battle level they have one bunting your boy yeah bunting your boy yeah what do you mean
bunting my boy he had a more successful nhL season last year than Gallagher did.
Body of work and everything.
He's a pest.
Gallagher didn't play with Matthews and Marner.
Do you need more of that?
Do you need more guys like that, though? Don't you think their idea of hockey is not where it should be to win a cup?
That's what I'm saying.
And I think that's where Witt doesn't believe you.
Sorry, go ahead.
No, no.
I believe that if they catch fire and they just
you know and not goaltending is going to have a lot to do with it and then and then better defense
i'm a little weary of their bottom six and maybe the energy that they bring but overall if if like
the biggest issue is always going to go back to the contracts that were offered to harner and
matthews that's it that's where Dubas will either live or die by
those contracts obviously the Tavares one I would say that he's probably even though he had a monster
night I would say that he's caliber of about eight eight and a half million dollar player now the
fact that he's making 11 that's hurting him but the leverage in which they had was when they had Marner and Matthews restricted.
If I'm a general manager and there has been nothing done in playoffs during the entry level contract, I'm saying this is what we're going to offer you for the long deal.
Or this is what we're going to offer you for the bridge deal.
Where did it happen?
It happened with Matty Barzell with the Islanders.
I believe he averaged 7 million over those three years on his bridge deal.
You're telling me if Kyle Dubas tells Mitch Marner,
hey, this is what we're giving you.
We're going to offer you a three times seven and a half
or even a long-term extension at maybe in the eight and a half,
9 million range.
If he wants to be poopy pants and he wants to stay at home at a certain
point, he's going to have to make a decision.
You either sign that contract or you're spending a whole year.
You're not playing hockey for a full year.
If the fan base wants to get on Kyle Dubas about it and yell at him as a GM,
you're saying my job is not to worry about these idiots thinking they
understand the cap.
That extra 2 million on each of those players, my job is not to worry about these idiots thinking they understand the cap that extra
two million on each of those players regardless of how good they are could have went and got them
that chris kunitz could have went and got them that other guy that could have bumped guys down
the lineup that is to me it's all on the fucking gm it ain't and especially in a situation when
the guys are restricted i agree it isn't hard to say, sit the fuck at home,
let your teammates down.
If you're telling me 9 million out of an entry-level deal in which you've
proved nothing come playoff time.
And guess what?
If they do take that bridge deal,
what would have happened the last two,
three years throughout playoffs?
They wouldn't have done shit.
And then you would have even more leverage given the fact that they're
still restricted saying,
Oh,
you hadn't proved fuck all in playoffs. You took the bridge in order to bet on yourself just like yes but brat is doing
and they wouldn't have done shit and then he would have said this is why i didn't pay you
now here's another fair deal do you want to see if you can get it done on this and and i'm sticking
to it hey who's the only fucking guy they did it with? Who's the only guy they did it with?
They did it with Riley.
No, they did it with Nylander.
And Nylander went down.
What did Riley sign?
Willie sat out, what did he sit out, 10, 15 games, 20 games?
He was, the deadline was coming up,
or at least it was at least a few weeks, if not a month away.
And then ultimately they came to the decision who's playing up to what
he's worth william nylander is those guys are each being overpaid two million dollars in toronto
marner and matthews and that's the difference in having one extra piece that's the difference in
having one more good top four defenseman in my opinion if well hey you could go out and get
chicken right now he makes four four
million four million and change he's a good guy that they could put back there so i do believe
in this team and i think it's also the boston boston red sox effect they went so long without
winning and they're the laughing stock and everybody jokes about how much money they have
and the resources at a certain point they're gonna have all the the fan base and everything
it's gonna make them snap and they're gonna get that chip on their shoulder point they're gonna have all the the fan base and everything it's gonna
make them snap and they're gonna get that chip on their shoulder and they're gonna go on a run and
i believe that it's gonna at some point be in the next few years so he's gonna he believes but he
doesn't believe in dubis which i i maybe i'm the same way too wit is that where you're not believing
he's not the he handed out two bad contracts i'm not saying i don't like him i'm saying that that
might i don't say you like him no i just look might be his demise. I don't say you didn't like him.
No, I just look at their team, and I just don't see a true cup contender.
It's not even anything personal towards anyone.
And I actually believe that if Dubas were to be fired at the end of this year or his contract not renewed, whatever it is, he'd be a GM somewhere else,
and he'd probably be a really solid GM.
I do think he came into the league so analytics-based,
and he might now be seeing, like, you can't just rely on that stuff.
Oh, shit, these guys are humans?
Yeah, and this is totally me guessing,
and then someday when he's at a different spot,
and everyone gets better after their first experience, right?
It's natural for him to go in with one
mindset and then after seven years of doing this or whatever it'd be like uh all right i guess this
isn't exactly how i thought it would roll if you if you go basically just on advanced numbers um
but the team they have i just don't i don't see them i i they can't beat the bruins in a seven
game series you kidding me look at the difference in in and seven-game series. Are you kidding me?
Look at the difference.
And I also think that if their goaltending turns in and is phenomenal,
then we have a different discussion.
But the whole thing being like, all right, well, I don't know about their D,
and I don't know about their bottom six,
and then they have that goaltending where it's like,
who the fuck knows what you're getting there?
So I know I give Leafs fans shit.
I love when the team is good because them being in the news
is just so fun to talk about.
But realistically, this team can't win a cup.
The Leafs haven't shown us anything, guys.
We can't spend the whole podcast talking about these guys.
No, no, no, we're not. We've got to move on.
Yeah, let's definitely move on.
I can tell you a coach who would not have stood for that.
What Matthews did is Michel Tarian and Witt,
as we were talking, prepping for this show,
the story about when he ripped us in the paper came up.
You remember that one?
Oh, that was the best.
What group are you a part of?
And Biz, do you remember this too?
You might have been in the cheese toast,
just whizzing around with a WWE belt on. This was in wilkes right yes remember when he went through every guy playing too soft
we were playing soft like that and i was part of the crew that was going to arena bar too late and
playing poker until three or four in the morning i think i was the high draft pick disappoint like
me army flurry remember he hated us we were first rounders it was
embarrassing yeah he went through every guy i got the guys on army do you remember yours army
uh no i don't remember mine what is it a bit in armstrong they must be the best athletes in the
world they're out here taking two minute shifts that's not bad that's that's not bad no that's
the time though i think it was fresh in his mind
remember when he was on me i'll never forget it i was on the ice during a game and uh like we know
he had those like made-up tv timeouts in the minors like every like halfway through a period
you get like 30 seconds so they could shovel the ice a little bit and i'm standing there and he's
like hey bat hey pat he's yelling at pat steel or our athletic therapist he's like, Hey Pat, Hey Pat. He's yelling at Pat Steele or, or, or athletic therapist. He's like, Hey Pat,
is army. Okay. And I'm like standing right there. Like I looking at him and he
goes, uh, we might have to run some tests on army.
I don't know if he's okay.
And then that was after the game where I had like a huge blow up meeting with
them. When he was like on me, I'd like heavy legs. I told him like,
I got my heavy legs. I told him like my heavy legs.
You guys ever had heavy legs?
I had my whole career game.
Every shift.
Buddy, like not every shift, but when you had them, you knew it.
Like you were screwed, right?
Does that happen anymore?
Because what time on ice were you getting usually with him?
About 910?
No, at that time, I was playing a lot.
I was playing like probably, you know, 17, 18, 19 minutes a game.
I was playing a lot.
And he was just on me.
He was on me.
Would you extend your shifts?
Because I was a guy who always took short shifts.
I would never extend my shifts.
And it would suck because sometimes you'd play behind a guy who used to
extend them a little too long.
And the next thing you know, you finally get out there and like your line mates are already heading off and you're like mother fucker were you an iron
lungs guy and a little i wasn't i don't think i was i think i was a good teammate i i honestly do
i think i was just trying to like honestly deep down like my psychology of my relationship was
like trying to impress michelle that's all i wanted to do i wanted to be like a good guy
like i wasn't in it like i. Like I wasn't in it.
Like, I feel like I wasn't in it for myself at all. Like I was just like, please just have the
coach like me, please. Oh my God. I'll please you. You want me to go run around out there?
It's like, it's like when I did get called up to like, I was blowing guys up all over the ice.
Like I started just this, it just started playing this like reckless brand of hockey,
which kind of elevated me
but like i remember he he got on me in a meeting in pittsburgh he was like army what the fuck is
this you have no hits on the stat sheet that's like crosby not having a shot on goal what is this
next game literally destroyed a guy like biggest like massive insane hit and like huge stoppage and play mop the guy up off the ice
and next day i'm skating around and he comes up to me i think i said you know how you're doing
like the warm like the twirl around yeah you're just spinning around before the practice is about
to again begin and he comes up to me he goes did you see the stat sheet after the game last game
i'm like yeah he goes zero hits again you know he does his laugh and
he laughed because i like destroyed a guy and i got zero hits on the stat sheet you're like you're
proving my point oh yeah you're proving my point buddy like what the fuck is this like how could i
win i can't win it was a constant those stats were bullshit i wonder if it's still like remember ms
guys like ra up there fucking just for the free tickets.
He's out ripping his bong.
Exactly.
Guy's dropping his fucking cheese from his pretzel on the sheet.
So it ends up being nobody had any hits because he couldn't fill it out.
But MSG used to give out like, I'd go to MSG and have like three hits.
I'm like, what the fuck?
I didn't even touch a soul out there.
This is awesome.
I remember I had 10 hits or something one game. I like tied like Darius Casperitis for like most hits.
And like,
and we had like Orp and all these guys that would generate a ton of hits,
you know?
And I like,
I'd go games with like one hit,
zero hits,
two hits.
And then all of a sudden,
like I get an MSG and I'd have 10 hits.
I played the exact same way.
Who's that guy?
We should send that guy something.
Yeah. Yans would always bring over the sheets like especially when i i would play like two minutes
and 18 seconds he'd be like fucking like you were lugging the mail i'd be i'd be crushing a pizza
pizza while riding the bike after the game did you have to do a special workout playing that time
like i hated that once they started doing that too.
My guys who played less than like eight minutes,
like a 30 minute workout and guys have played 18,
had to spin for four minutes.
That was the most like I'm better than you in the weight room,
like separation of players and guys wouldn't say it,
but they just be like, dude,
have fun with your workout as I just like you pigeon sort of move my legs on the bike and laugh about my point.
Just be crushing the slide.
We're like slide board still use.
Is that still a good training thing for probably not?
Probably not.
They probably realize it's like horrible for you.
I'm actually suing the company.
I'm suing the company.
That's why my hips are so fucked up.
Slideboards.
Oh my goodness.
Just going back and forth.
Switching from, from staying in shape.
Oh, you got something else for me?
I want to ask you this.
Like you, you kind of mentioned Terry and, and you know, the, the,
the old school hard nose coaches are, I don't want to say they're getting
weed out, but they're far and few between now, but torts comes back in.
And we were joking around with hazy. Had terrian ever like benched you but most of the
time if he did would he call you in and tell you why because in hazy's case from my understanding
is like he was benched early in the season by torts he told him leading the team and assist
but he didn't he didn't say a word to him really i thought his communication was awesome that's all we always hear it's it's it's black or white he tells you how it is no communication
is good communication maybe it just so what was your experience getting uh getting sat in the nhl
if you ever did and any other coaches maybe too he did well yeah i got sad i got sad a few i remember
i got scratched by terry in like seven scratches in a row and this might've been the year I got ended up getting traded at the time.
You were getting healthy scratch that year.
I was getting healthy scratch that year is the first times I've ever been
healthy scratch.
And I was a mess and I was roommates with Sid and I'd be like,
I'd be like,
Sid,
what the fuck,
man?
Like say something to me.
Like,
and he would like,
he'd be like,
Oh no,
he wouldn't say anything.
You know,
cause he had a point the first game, you're a health bomb. And he was on a point street. So he's like,'d be like oh no he wouldn't say anything you know because he had a point the first game you're a health bomb and he was on a point street so he's like actually uh
but i'll talk to him son yeah he's like i'm on the phone with don waddell like literally
finalizing your deal right now bro you want me to talk about talk about this i will i promise you
won't get healthy there buddy good riddance but i remember giving him shit like jesus christ like
i can pump my tires for months like see something like you're like give me some advice he's like i
don't know i'm not like a great tire pump guy you know like i don't know and i was just like i was
searching for a hug you know i was just searching for the worst dude yeah the worst remember back
in the day army we'd both do the same thing like hey how'd you think i played tonight like knowing
you didn't play good and guys were like yeah solid dude you're like you guys were like that army was like that during practice i'm
a psycho how did i practice today how did i look how did i look in the big horseshoe yeah you're
fine buddy you're fine the stress oh the stress of playing fucking sports people have no idea
sounds like such a hero line you have no idea a stress the mental pressure of playing like at a
level and then like playing on sid's line was like insane for me to go from like playing in wilkes
berry and then going up and then trying to hang in there living your dream and then playing with
sid i was just like every day i was like holy shit i have to be good in practice today like i'd wake up i'd be sick to my stomach
my anxiety going to practice every day in the nhl they they yeah down the road i might have
some health issues as far as that's concerned i think i think we're down i think we're down the
road you have those health issues now biz that's that's what crosby was and that was at eight that
was at 18 years old
Army and you felt that pressure because I
remember just the few games I played with him
feeling that not on his line but just
you wanted to bring your best to him
and that's obviously why they had the success
like the best players they make
you feel like you have to be the best at all things
all the time it's crazy
we fucking ruined the
Penguins by the way boys they've lost six in a row no oh my god i
just i just got a horrible to come back he wants to fly me over private for the homestand get him
back you're gonna be sleeping with him in his in his california king-sized bed with
5 000 thread count sheets old mer will be snuggled in there eating pretzels and
fucking looking up lines for
gambling while he's sleeping army you ever get in a fuck you match with sid i know he's pretty
intense on the bench and you were a line mate even in practice i'm sure if you miss a pass or two he's
like you know he had to talk to me all the time and like this is 18 19 year old said you know but
he had to talk to me all the time about you know because my headspace is totally different right
like i want to i'm trying to stay in the nhl i you know, cause my head space is totally different. Right. Like I want to,
I'm trying to stay in the NHL. I'm trying to stay on his line.
I'm trying not to fuck up.
I've had Tarion for the last three and a half years. Like,
I know like what he expects of me. I can't make a mistake.
Like I have to be this guy. I have to do this, you know?
And that used to be like what he used to say. Like, you're not, you're not,
you know, you're not like Bobby or you're, you're Colby Armstrong,
be Colby Armstrong. He used to say that to me all the time instead of making plays uh you know you're not like bobby r you're you're colby armstrong be colby armstrong
he used to say that to me all the time instead of making plays you know and that was kind of
like my mindset so it's like a fine line of being a first line player and executing and not fucking
up in my brain so like i remember in practice like i wouldn't i would like chip it in instead
of like making that lateral pass to him entering the blue line and he'd be like you got to make
that play your first line you're you're on the first line you got to do
this you got to make these plays and i'd be like buddy i'd yell at him i'm like man you don't
understand you don't fucking get it bro well well so so when i was on the team the year that they
ended up winning the cup i only played 15 games and that was the year that terry ended up getting
fired he beat the skill out of that team
i remember they had a uh they would dump it in at the red and they would line up one three one and
they had this brutal neutral zone four check where they wouldn't even go in the zone to the point
where eventually he ended up getting canned because i think the guys were fed up that was i
feel like that was such an old school mentality mentality an old school way of thinking where
you're just beating
the skill out of the guys i i was just like i had terrian for so long and then i had him in montreal
at the end of my nhl career that last year and like it was weird because we he would like poke me
and i think he poked all of us right like he'd be like hey we need more we need more we need more
and it like you made you kind of like go like screw you but also it made you like
i responded all the time i was like perfect for him hey you know that he if he were to be asked
right now i guarantee he would say he loved coaching you i know i think he loved me a lot
and that's why i came to montreal like and you know what i i liked him like i did i know like
i know like i've talked to him so much but but I like him. I like him as a coach.
He's a good fucking hockey coach.
Great coach.
I don't know. The adjustments
he kind of didn't make. I remember the
cup final. We didn't switch much, and we lost
both games in Detroit.
I remember even Zetterberg mentioned to me,
you guys were kind of going D to D up the wall
or the middle.
82 games day to day, that guy could get the most out of players.
He was demanding.
He was smart.
He knew how to shut down teams' best players.
I just don't know if he always knew how to get his team going offensively.
I loved his practices.
I loved, you know, Biz, you talked about the system.
Maybe, yes, adjustments with Witt's comment, with what he did.
I love, like, the standard that he set with the team day-to-day
because it wasn't the same in other places I went.
Not a country club.
Not a country club.
Reverse country club.
Like, you walk in ready to work.
Dude, I think Toronto needs that.
I'm not going back to the Leafs.
They need trots.
They need trots.
That's what you guys are all over me.
No, we're not going back there.
Hey, guys. No, we're actually going back there. We're actually going to go over
Marner's analytics over the last season.
Separate side note,
this is Shrapp on RA. He's not here to defend
himself, but I was dying laughing.
I'm taking right around for Halloween.
I get back. I want to get into Halloween.
I'm on Twitter.
He gave out five
picks on Halloween. They were 0-5. He gave out five picks on Halloween.
They were all in five.
He was whole for five.
Chicklets tweeted.
R.A.'s hand.
Rotten candy.
I'm going to visit it again because you guys already did it.
But to revisit your guys's, you you know this is chicklets game notes
the the the shaking cane pick tweet that he went oh for four on that you guys broke down and wit
you asked him a very simple question and already in the shaking video he was over in that one too
i think he was over four on that one if my notes are correct which i want to ask them
why wouldn't you just sit down the best question like in wit perfect form it was almost like his
airport he's like story videos he goes uh uh uh ra uh yeah um why didn't you just sit down for
the video he wanted everybody respected the hell out of him he's like basically without really saying
he's like i just wanted some i just wanted some love because i wanted people i wanted people to
know how injured i was i think what he was really he missed out on pittsburgh he's we're on pittsburgh
going nuts none of us are answering his texts he needed some love he was losing it but i was just
i was laughing so because it's been you know he's he's i'll say
this he's gotten so hot in times i've since i've known him i've seen that guy go on runs of like
just crazy amount he'll openly admit the last year's been maybe the worst year gambling anyone's
ever had who gambles so right now it's a struggle but the halloween rotten candy picks because he's he's listing them off but i'm
checking loss i paused the video started check it lost well i made the mistake because i i was a
little cold on the weekend so i took the night off and i just retweeted his quote tweeted and i'm like
i feel all right could go four or five and oh here and he did the opposite oh fuck i it was really i have to come on
this and and dog me if i'm wrong on the oh for four on the shaky video tweet he can get back at
me we've all made some bad predictions wit says the canucks are going to make the playoffs maybe
they will oh well there you go the canucks are i wasn't the only one thinking they'd make the
playoffs now granted right now it looks foolish there's a lot of the season left dude that the team's fucking horrendous like nobody saw this happening
none of you guys can say you saw this happening i didn't think they were going to be that good
uh yeah okay did you think they were going to not win through eight games or whatever it was
like i i could have seen him being in the bottom eight teams in the league
i had him in the playoffs with dog.
Every.
So going back to what we touched on earlier,
I think a lot of people who are analytics based crunch numbers before the
season.
And a lot of those people had them in the top three of the division.
I think they're,
they got a lot of young skill guys in that lineup.
Okay.
I wasn't even going on,
on the analytics part.
It might pan out with,
I looked at my biggest thing in,
in like bottom eight in the leagues.
Crazy to me because I saw,
I said,
Besser,
Pedersen,
Horvat,
Quinn Hughes on the backend,
JT Miller,
the Kuzmenko kid they brought in from Russia.
I thought it'd be good.
You say Demko?
I like,
I like,
I like McKay of a lot. So all like that i thought be good say demko i like i like i like
mckay of a lot so all like that players and then with demko i'm like all right and that division
isn't exactly like gangbusters i also didn't think vegas would be this good but don't mike
my canucks pick right now foolish stupid let's talk let's talk january 15th february first time
and let's just see and and you know what? We breezed over Pittsburgh.
They've lost six in a row now.
The Sabres tap danced on them.
The Sabres, that's where you can pump my tires, boys.
There you go.
And they had a  what did they have last night, Merles?
A mom's trip or a family trip?
Yeah, the mom's trip.
Yeah, it was at home.
Each team was rocking their special unis.
Now, I asked after the game, I said, what's wrong with the Penguins?
Apparently, their bottom six are junk.
They bring no energy to the table.
They provide no offense.
The back ends may be looking a little bit slow.
Somebody said LeTang went on probably one of the worst stretches he's had as a Penguin.
Like, what do you see as being wrong, Merles?
Because if they don't fix things quick here, they can get off the rails.
And that's a tough, tough division and a tough conference.
They're blowing two goal leads the last two games, too.
I don't know how you snuck a copy of our outline,
but our next segment is called The Show or the Mindsies.
And from what you're saying,
we need to send that bottom six of the Penguins to the Mindsies.
They're just not getting it done.
Before we go to
that next segment i want to get the halloween update on you guys i know i saw some social
media posts from wit before he went and got like crazy did the barstool car wash with sunglasses
on the entire time we'll see that coming out here soon um halloween though you got the kids what
happened i did something kind of crazy it was awesome i know
merles was totally crazy so last year we went out for halloween and i've got you know my three girls
my son bombs around with his buddies my girls are younger i truck around with the wife with them we
set up a table at the front door massive like like jackpot spread but you don't leave it for them to
take it on their own there's somebody there oh man you probably so last year we got absolutely destroyed these kids come in they're punks you
know they'd see it they just start grabbing everything so this year sick move i got one
of those ring.com things right those ring ring things you can have a camera there i can see it
all the time so i'm walking around with my girls drinking a big deal brew not you know that's how you do it all a big deal respect respect and i got my phone and i i made a sign it said please
take one i'm watching you with an arrow pointing up to my ring and uh kids are like this no no kids
go up there and they get there and they they're hypnotized by the candy they don't see the sign
yet then they see the sign and i can hear them they're going oh they're watching they're watching
and i see them take one and then i see their brains glitching and they're standing there
and they're like oh shit do i do it or do i not do i take two and then i like they're dressed up
and i i was like going on my wife was losing her shit on me because i'm walking around with the
girls and i'm like hey donut guy dressed as a donut I said just one oh you're talking to them I can talk
on the mic they can hear me so I'm watching like an FBI undercover agent and then I'm like striking
at them and their brains are like they're frozen you know they're like oh sorry I had kids taking
candy out of their bags and putting it back when I busted them taking more than two army next year
you got to dress up as a scarecrow we would have a couple people back home dress up
as you know have you ever seen hang out in the front yeah you think it's just there you just act
you act like a dead scarecrow you got all the candy there and if the kid takes more than one
you kind of look out of the corner of your eye if they start getting a little greedy then you go
and you scare the fuck out of them i said take one bud i was thinking in my head like i'll find
you in the neighborhood too because it's
always like the 14 year old kids that shouldn't probably be trick-or-treating brutal costumes
they come up and they're like they're all together in a gang right and they're just
gonna raid my table so those are the ones that like hey listen like i'll find you i know what
you're wearing you're in my neighborhood i know who you are i got nothing better to do but i will we were walking down and
you mentioned the kids that like the 13 these kids probably i would guess 13 12 maybe and all of them
just had a basketball jersey on like not like they mail over over their shirt like total like just
so we could go get candy and they're walking at us there was actually like 10
kids but there was four in front with basketball jerseys on and the guys next kind of near me i
didn't know the guy and he's like wow you boys really went all out and the kids like fuck off
you guys would love it over here it's not even funny it's not funny but i'm just like these
punk ass bitches biz what did you do?
Get another Halloween tat on your arm?
Is that what a guy like you does on this holiday?
I don't know what I did.
I think we recorded on Monday earlier so Witt could go trick-or-treating with his kid.
Yeah, we did.
I didn't do fuck all.
I didn't get one trick-or-treater where I live and just got some nice rest because I had the Coyotes broadcast on Sunday and Tuesday.
So I had the sandwich and then I went Sunday and Tuesday, so I had the sandwich.
And then I went to the opening game on Friday at Mullet Arena.
So I've gotten to see some pretty good teams.
I got to see Winnipeg firsthand.
They look all right.
They don't look as bad.
Sneaky?
Well, just like there was a lot of rumblings coming in that there was issues
inside the locker room.
Or just maybe a
a lack of leadership and maybe where the team was headed but i thought that they looked solid
then i got to see the rangers which the coyotes played hard and then florida who i don't know man
i i don't know i i we were asked what we were asked on the tnt panel whether we thought that
they were a shoe in for playoffs and I think that they're a bubble team.
Oh.
Hot take, busy boy.
Yeah, Chicklets, et cetera, got our first busy hot take.
I love it.
All right, we got to go to Mindsy's.
We found out that Witt and I probably parent like Michelle Terry and coaches
where we just like will not take shit from our kids behavior.
I agree.
I'm not taking shit from my kids.
I'm not doing it.
There's too many kids out there that are telling their parents what to do.
I'm not trying to be on a soapbox,
but I told my kid,
I'm not doing it.
I told my kid,
some kids off his hockey team,
kid in neighborhood.
I said,
you're running around with these guys.
Don't act like an asshole.
And you know what?
Cause you know why you live here.
Take control of the situation. And you're, you are who you hang out with as younger kids like well you don't realize like kids can be idiots though you know no no no
i'm not talking like kid stuff i'm talking like if if you're if kids 14 15 years old you see the
kids he's hanging out with and what they're doing it's like your kids who he hangs out with it is
how it works all right merles take us to the mindsies or the show.
The mindsies are the show. We're going to talk things all,
all season long stuff. We see, if we like it,
we'll say it's belongs in the show. If we don't like it,
it's getting sent to the mindsies. It could be on a coach does a player,
does a team does or anything, anything. It could be anything.
Take us to the first one big mer the
first one's got me real riled this is merle's one and this is and i and i'm sorry it's your team i
wish it wasn't your coyotes it's a league issue though it's a style thing yeah but i just noticed
it with them they're showing up the first game on the red carpet, let alone it's a college rink. They're showing up in Air Jordans with their suits.
It just drives me nuts.
You haven't won anything yet.
You're the Coyotes.
These guys are barely in the league.
You can't be wearing these Jordans yet.
I understand it's for the fans, but I would send every single red carpet to the Mindsies.
I think they're so overdone.
This has been on the red carpets for a while now. Oh, fucking painful. but I would send every single red carpet to the mindsies. I think they're so overdone.
This has been on the red carpets for a while.
Oh, fucking painful.
It's kind of lame.
It is lame.
It's just, it's not, it's not that sweet.
They're trying to get this, like everybody's trying to get the cool content for the bring out the personality of the players.
I don't really have any.
It's I would say of, of all the major sports right now
it's i don't know if it's just because the hockey culture but it would be nice to see more guys have
personalities like let's say matthew kachuk like just see like you know the way he let it fly is
the way he plays and interviews he's open and honest he can he can laugh i just would like to
see more of that stuff rather than all the fluff bullshit i think nate dog nate dog's a pretty good interview on with
you guys he's pretty much himself like that's a superstar beauty zero cliche claim we're gonna
have to keep an eye on that the next mindsies or show thing also what you want to have anything to
say on the red carpet thing or the the night my devil's advocate to murr is like when you're that bad and
that pathetic and that franchise is such a losing just like despicable franchise in in arizona like
try to get some attention with like cool fashion well this isn't just an arizona coyotes thing no
this is a league thing thank you fair enough i should and they're not despicable that was but
we saw it on the on the mullet arena unveiling and we saw guys and murals was losing his shit he went like yeah i think yeah i know
and even now on like sports center the guys have suits with air jordans on i wear air jordans i
like them i've never rocked them with a suit um yeah it doesn't piss me off as much as the
i'm the old grumpy veteran you know i'm the old i agree i
don't wear fucking sneakers with with suit the only sneaker that i would wear with a suit are
our law vins which they're tall they're a little bit of a classier sneaker i think i got a couple
pairs of those yeah they're just not a big deal um but i'm more of a traditionalist and i think
that the sneaker and suit thing Is definitely overplayed
I think R.A. if I can speak for him
It disgusts him
Yeah he's a classic
It disgusts him
He flipped about that I think
When he wears his suits it's Dior dress shoes
It's Gucci loafers
None of this fucking sneaker
Old Spice cologne
The Br spice cologne okay boys next one here this is like more of a worldly thing and i'm interested to hear about
this it's storming everyone's conversations you throw on social media he's elon musk a big player
we're on social media we're on twitter he bought twitter it came out 20 a month subscription for a check
mark now it's eight dollars it came out 20 now it's eight dollars a month is that is that the
mindsies or is that show or what the fuck is going on here i'll take it they're gonna pay for uh
their their their check marks so from my understanding he he kind of got roped into a
contract maybe the valuation was uh probably a lot bigger than it
should have been so he overpaid for it so he's probably in a bond issue well there yeah that
was another issue that was there but uh i have no problem with him as the owner of it trying to
recover funds for it what i think is that whole check mark thing went out of control and so many
fucking losers and dweebs got them on
there where even like validity uh i would just say i hope that i have the option to say hey i
don't want your fucking check mark and i don't want to pay eight bucks a month you do my no no
no you should not not because i'm cheap just because i'm like i don't fucking care to have
this and pay you for it like i never asked for this check mark take it back i don't want to pay your eight bucks for all those people bitch portland i have a
check mark no i don't think he wants one either no he doesn't think the thing that the thing that
i'm reading is you could still have twitter completely normal without the check mark and
i guess if we don't pay we'd lose the check mark which i don't care about that but what paying gets you i
believe like people have said like um you get to post longer videos which could be valuable to some
people so instead of the two minute max it could be like eight minutes or i'm just making up number
but longer videos so some people have said that's a really good thing um when you have the blue
check mark after paying now i believe your name would pop up more frequently and more often to people searching things.
I don't know the exact definition or what will happen there.
That was another thing.
I don't care to pay.
Like, if Grinnelli is going to have Barstool pay to have us keep ours, fine.
I'm not going to pay, I have to make money.
I don't know.
I think they're looking to make money.
Twitter's never made a dollar.
AOC's mentality.
Everything should be handed out for free.
Yeah, exactly.
So, I don't know.
I'm going gonna say not to
the to the mindsies because it's up to you he's a journeyman it's a journeyman it's a journey he's
up and down he's up and down you're coming up and down your hockey db's looking like a disgraceful
like maybe like merles's hockey db played on a thousand leagues and it's all over the place
it's kind of a sean thornton 600 games min 600 games, show, did it all. The minute you start speaking your mind freely on Twitter
is when that whole entire mob turns on you.
And I feel like Elon Musk obviously lets it fly
and doesn't give a flying fuck with these losers
with 1,500 followers and checkmarks.
Think of them.
That's the thing.
Biz, so many people have had blue checkmarks
that are absolute pigeons.
So it's like the blue check mark
doesn't even matter anymore no no it's like who you know that can get you a check mark yes in the
system so the whole idea was like i have a check mark pre-check i'm cooler than you every pocket
there's more people without tsa i know check now yeah the lines are bigger i have a check mark i'm
better than you you don't you're You're a pigeon or a peasant.
What if they did like real checkmarks for guys like yourself that are big deals and you guys keep your blue checkmark?
And then if you buy a checkmark and you're not like a big deal,
you get a checkmark, but you get like a green checkmark.
So the guys with the green checkmarks are just like, yo, dude.
It's like karate class.
Pigeons with checkmarks. A pigeon checkmark. Yeah, you paid for yours. you know the guys with the green check marks are just like yo dude karate check marks a pigeon you
paid for yours karate class on your engagement you get you get bumped up you get the brown belt
it's like when people buy tables at like the best clubs in vegas but like they end up sticking them
in the janitor's closet like four hours from the stage but they bought the table and they're at
the coolest club but then the big dogs show up and they get the good tables they bump them right out of there
10k minimum you're drinking floor water in your fiji bottle just to be there
but so i would say that the overall thing can can stay up and uh and and people should be able
to decide whether they want to purchase it or not and people who you know who could get sent
to the mindsies the fucking losers with the check marks bitching on there because
they shouldn't even have one to begin with take aocs away boom okay merles this is my next one
uh merles is like self-proclaimed a magician he does magic tricks apparently slight hand card
tricks card trick slight of hand tricks we saw him uh get smuggled
pink whitney nips into the uh steelers game he had a hundred of them too that kangaroo pouch on
the starter coat he told about a slight of hand move that he does where he holds up you want to
explain this i can tell you i can tell you so it's amazing i think it started in college when you have
no money you spent your last few bucks on a beer and on a beer and the bar's closing or you're going to the next bar.
There's no way you're leaving your beer.
So what we used to do is we would slide them in our waist and then you walk out with an empty one.
So as you're walking out, you're stumbling out looking drunk.
The distraction.
The bouncer's worried about that beer.
Boom.
He takes the empty one.
Meanwhile, you got two on your belt buckle.
Boom.
You're outside.
So that's basically what we did at the Steelers game.
To the show. To the show.
That's why the people are going to stop by Merle for these little tidbits.
These tidbits. That should be a big deal brewing tidbit of the day.
How to distract the bouncer on the way out. Little bait and switch.
How to get more big deal brewings out of the day how to distract the bouncer on the way out little bait and switch how to get more big deal
brewings out of the bar merle should do content in like a vest with a with a bow tie and and come
into his like magic magic lair and he'll give you like a tidbit is is magic man a mindsies name or a
show name i know it's dot sukes name but if we do it for merles for actual magic is that that that's
i like that i think if you're doing magic and you're just called the magic man,
it's pretty mind.
He's like, you guys, I got a show.
I got a show name.
I got a show name that I have been called before.
You know what?
Greatest.
Who's the greatest magician of all time.
What's the name from the fifties.
Chris.
Chris angel.
No.
I don't even know if it's a real person
it might be folklore
Merlin the magician
yes
what never heard of Merlin
the magician me neither
I'm more like Chris Angel because I'm a mind freak
like totally
I just want to know how many magic tricks
Merle's knows and is he going to be
performing them live at our
live shows moving forward I don't know how this has never come on many magic tricks merle's knows and is he going to be performing performing them live at our live
shows moving forward well that that's what i i don't know how this has never come on the vlogs
or on these trips i've never broke out a pack of cards i guess we're always too buckled and too
busy playing bubble hockey and everything else but now what now it came up in our discussion so
it will be on the next trip i will do some tricks how many tricks we talking here i probably have
five or six good card tricks that one bad
that's a good little bag i've seen i've seen them there it's it's legit all right before we go any
further we have to talk about game time the nhl is back and if you want to see any games this season
you need game time they're just a breeze it's a super big help game time is the ticketing app
that makes it easier than ever to score the best deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows.
And they guarantee the lowest price.
How do you not love that?
If you haven't given GameTime a shot yet, I don't know what you're waiting for.
You guys are going to love this app.
We've had tons of Barstool fans using it, hitting us up on social about the great deals they're getting.
us up on social about the great deals they're getting we've been using game time all year and we actually went to a steelers game when the boys were in town right that was a sick trip and
game time was the balls in that one they hooked us up huge download the game time app to to the
account tab to create a login and redeem code chicICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply to that, of course, but how do you not love the CHICKLETS promo code?
We're chucking around everywhere.
Download game time, last-minute tickets, lowest prices guaranteed.
All right, best league in the world, we're calling this Beer League Heroes segment
where we want to get fan interaction.
I know you guys have tried this on the Big Brother podcast brother podcast spitting chiclets taking over the hockey world uh but beer league
is like no matter how good you are me and merles are talking this is a league you go to and and
you end up in no matter how good you are shitty you are we all come together in the beer leagues
there's just amazing stories so i i was talking to a guy the other day he's from new jersey big spit and chiclets
uh fan bases in new jersey i know you're shitty on new jersey biz but maybe we got to go there
and see some of these people beer league uh tricks quirks in the dressing room etiquette rules
rules because he told me we got to organize these leagues for the for the listeners out there there's
way too much nonsense going on so So chicklets, et cetera.
We're going to give them a rule every week to live by in the beer league.
And I want to know your guys' take on this, uh, on the team showering.
There's dudes that come to these games and I know they're playing either
early in the morning, they got to get to work. So you better shower.
They're going to go home, get on their suit or they're at late at night,
but you got to shower after the game.
You got to get in
the shower with the boys like busy you know this the best part of the game you played with keith
yandle great story he always got you to shower even when you didn't play listen if you're on a
beer league you got to shower this team and this guy that i know told me that they have a shower
sheriff he's on the team and he hands out tickets to the boys you get fined if you don't take a
shower after the game rate up the ideal of keith Keith Yandel's heart of showering with the fellas,
and he gets everyone in the shower all together if there's room for that,
and he makes sure everyone showers.
Is that something we need to clean up in this game?
I'm down with that.
The shower sheriff?
The only thing I'll say is if you get a guy and he's like fellas
the kids are off to school say it's an early skate right so you get the 6 a.m skate some guys do that
and the wife says hey honey come home we can get after it in the shower we'll take a shower
together and that's the only acceptable reason to not shower after hockey with the boys because you
you may be getting lucky with the wifey does that rarely happens so we understand oh yeah it's like once a year
so you should you miss one hour yeah that's like the uh that's like the one excuse cock
from your job trap i i i love showering i love like post anything like now i'm golf and post
post golf guys let's take a
shower now unfortunately all the courses they don't have the hockey locker room showers where
you're all together wait you got the shower whacker individual sacks showers are horrendous
yeah those are brutal you gotta have a group shower am i a whacker what's that
well you like whacking in the shower with the old lady
i'll get out i'll get after it with her anywhere she asks me to.
Now that you got all those kids, you're in the closet on the floor
with the lock on the door.
You made it seem like the shower location is your guys' meet-up spot.
If I'm lucky enough, dude, we got a big old shower with a bench in there.
So I'm a little bit OCD in a sense of I like feeling really clean.
So I can understand if the rink's close to home and wanting to go home
and have your own shower and then put on clothes.
Because sometimes you're drying off at the rink.
It's just so steamy in there.
It's gross in the locker room.
The floors are disgusting.
So I could see where if guys want to go home and get the shower done
i don't really give a fuck about somebody else's hygiene to be quite frank like if they're if i
don't get to stare at their cock in the shower i'm not gonna stomp my feet more room for the
rest of us i do appreciate the guy on the team who's the designated shampoo and conditioner guy
because you know that most the team ain't yeah yeah you
borrow the guy's shampoo and maybe maybe the guy you bud maybe the guy's even got an extra towel
yeah oh yeah just don't wipe your butt right like that's the moot balls and you like keep away from
there i would say my my do's and don'ts is don't be the guy who doesn't air out his gear and the
gear just reeks like absolute dog shit you know to a certain extent and if it
does go get it clean they have these uh these machines now the nhl teams towards the end of
my career and even some ahl team started buying it where it would disinfect it and it would it
would smell you think men's league players are going to buy these machines no you can go you
can go to like sports shops that have them now. That's how popular they're becoming. And or air out your fucking gear and spray it with Febreze.
My biggest complaint, and I would go home after my junior seasons,
my AHL, Coast, and then NHL, and we'd play in these,
I guess you'd call them beer leagues because we would always drink beer
afterward, but it'd be a mix between pros, guys who played played in college and some guys who might have played junior but don't play
anymore but zen and kanopka who played in the national hockey league he would be the biggest
hard-o he would so hard-o's stab at the goalie uh we'll do this next month i think but i think
that's a major issue that's why i only play like b or c division i don't want to deal with that shit i don't want to deal with the hardos a hundred percent we've
got i got in a straight up fist fight with ken uh with zen and kanopka at our men's league skate
one time it was him and that i believe it albert and they would just be running around so i would
say the the don't be the fucking hardo especially when especially when guys got to show up the next day to work. I got best fight of my life in beer league.
Best fight ever.
Just do's do's do's just trading.
I never traded in my life.
I just,
bam,
felt so like a hero after,
and then embarrassing right after we got to go to our next segment.
Cause Witt's got to go pick up his kid.
He's dad.
Unbelievable.
We're going to go to the bar stoolool it's an honor to be the first
guest of chicklets etc whatever this show ends up being called you guys are gonna crush it and
i'll be back you guys you know i'll be back next month i want to get into the to the minds of you
guys i want to find out what you guys do day to day if you guys are actually really friends or
you just do a show together barstool sportsbook segment coming up right now merles what do you
got for us off the get go here?
What's going to get a shower whack, right? Yeah.
The kids.
Obviously anybody that's a fan of mine is looking for picks.
The EBR crew is out there kind of hard with the time.
And when you'll get the list and everyone doesn't listen at the same time,
but we're going to try to give a couple of picks mean army every week.
We're going to try to agree a couple picks me and army every week we're going to try to agree on one big
play it'll be called the armor play arm army murr m-u-r armor i think some guy on online showed me
that um so that would be one of our big plays if we can get a guest on to come up with a play for
us a special play we're going to be all all for that too um i i just want to know do you have like a special thing underneath this segment to
get to i have something yeah oh murals okay you got it go ahead buddy hold on you might want to
yeah i mean i just um you know it's it's early in the season as the season progresses we'll get a
lot better trends there'll be way way better trends but just a couple interesting ones i saw
already were um the over-unders which which Mr. Ice has kind of made famous.
Most of them around six and a half.
There's really no good teams going over that number a lot.
The Kings are the highest one at seven and five on that,
but the unders are what are hitting.
And the Leafs are nine and two on unders.
Vegas, surprisingly, eight and three on unders.
So those are just a couple of things to look out for.
Biz, what do you got on that?
What you had something to say?
I know Merle has a different announcement to give us too.
Okay.
I'm not sure exactly what the line is yet and what type of odds we can get,
but I was looking at those games on schedule and I'd like a,
a Paul's puck line parlay where I think that the Leafs are going to beat the Bruins at home
more than a goal.
So puck line, of course, two goals.
I love that.
And then Calgary's at home as well.
And they have been shit in the bed lately.
So you know that they're going to be coming out with a big game.
I believe they're playing the Predators,
and Grinelli can shake his head if I'm correct here.
No, they are playing the Predators, and I think that can shake his head if I'm correct here. No, they are playing the Predators
and I think that they're also going to win by
two goals. So it's the Paul's puck line
parlay and that all happens
Saturday night.
Right, G? Yep.
Saturday night play. I'll give
mine. I would, I'm
just going on the over with the Ducks
Sharks late night game Saturday
night. Sharks, that's our armor pick of the week.
I love that game.
There it is.
That's late Saturday night, but I got a game of the month, boys.
A game of the month.
Yeah, let's fucking go.
EBR is two.
We're two and oh game of the month this season.
Timra, Detroit, game of the month.
It's the same day.
It's Saturday morning, 1 p.m. your time, Army.
It's Ferryestead.
Ferryestead in Sweden.
They're on the road.
They're playing the last place team.
Ferryestead, it'll be three-way.
We'll be around 135.
That's the EBR play of the month.
Yeah! Let's go! Let's go! way will be around 135. That's the EBR play of the month. Yeah.
Let's go.
How come we didn't celebrate
Paul's puck line parlay?
It's a play of the month.
It's a play of the month.
You don't like the puck line parlay?
Bees are going to whack them.
Bees are going to whack the Leafs.
I'll go fuck myself.
I'm not the gambling guy. Merle's the gambling guy.
He's the gambling guy. When Biz
pops his head up for gambling,
it's always a winner. He doesn't do it
often. He picks his spots. When he pops
up, I'm always riding on
the Biz pick. So I'm on the Pauly Parlay.
I love it.
I'm loving it. So we bring you guys
on for your
because you guys are all business taking over the business and it's not
cause of your wit.
Holy shit.
I'm like fucking Ron McClain or Jean.
I forgot to say no pun intended.
So anyways, busy wit already left busy.
Thank you for coming on the first episode.
Thank you.
Chicklets, et cetera.
We're going to stay on some more EBR gambling talk.
And I hope we can, as this show progresses,
we won't be on again for another month.
Good luck this month with TNT.
Good luck this month with greatNT. Good luck this month with great interviews
and action on Spittin' Chicklets.
Awesome guests the last month, by the way.
And me and Merle are thankful
for this opportunity to do this as well.
I fucking love you guys.
This is going to be awesome.
I'm proud, buddy.
I can't wait to listen to the hate online.
We're encouraging all the chirps, all the pump-ups. we're encouraging all the chirps all the pump ups we're encouraging
all of it we want to hear all the noise we're rookies in the league here let us hear all
platforms bring it even the bots elon tell the bots to fucking chirp us too we don't care yeah
we're all losing our check marks busy i wore this jacket in honor of you i was looking for that like
bluey like fleecy poof jacket that
you have that i that i really love um and i was trying to pull something off with this thing
um very canadian kind of i guess but uh i gotta ask you one question since you've gotten your um
since you've gotten your uh your u.s citizenship have you had any hard-o canadians being like
why did you ditch this man yeah i've had a couple i had a couple on social media yeah like like i was like just such like a bad guy move don't you dare
come back to sass bro don't you show your face here i've gotten a lot of love though i've gotten
a lot of love i've gotten some booze gifts sent to me uh congratulating me i got a guy sent me a
freedom funnel i had no clue what this was it's an American Eagle plastic thing that you pour booze in the back.
And G mentioned this.
He used to do it out of flamingos in college, G.
But you drink freedom.
You pour the booze in the back, and the freedom comes out the tail
of the bottom of the Eagle.
And it's emblazoned in Americana flags and everything all over it.
So thank you for that.
I'm American.
Well, at least I know i'm free so busy thank you so much amazing amazing opportunity for us and also to be right under you guys you don't have to go looking
anywhere else for us so this is a this is amazing opportunity for me and uh the merman uh to get
going and thanks for your time good luck this
month and remember folks nothing says freedom like sucking back big deal brewing out of an eagle's
cornhole all right biz and wit two of the biggest stars taking over hockey with spit and chicklets
gee you know this jeez i mean it's been an incredible
ride incredible run in a short amount of time i feel our next segment coming up with me and murr
got you some gambling picks last time uh it's called riding the bus murr and this is a segment
that we want to do where we look around at other leagues non-nhl stories around the league and
where do you want to start yeah exactly the ones grinding it out on the highways chasing their dreams i have an interesting
interesting story from our favorite team in sweden timra their last two games they've pulled
the goalie in overtime to create the four on three it's worked out both times for them they
won both games we've seen it in russia now we've seen it in sweden it's creeping west
who's going to be the first nhl coach to do it? Oh God, who's going to be the first to do it? This is like completely outside
the box thinking this is, I loved it when I saw Fedorov did that. I think it's a brilliant idea
when they're going to start doing this. I think it's going to be someone that's kind of new and
like a fresh start. And it might be your boy, Monty. I think your boy Monty in Boston, I think they've got the horses to do it too.
Can you imagine the guys they could start there and then just be like,
when,
as soon as we win this draw,
get ready.
You're going on.
Tim has been doing is that if they,
when they get the puck and they wait around to the other teams tired and
then they pull up.
Oh,
and then they pull up.
It's a real advantage.
Really cool.
Even,
even more thinking.
I could see Toronto doing it.
I mean,
they're,
they're hitting.
Oh,
where are we going again? Oh, but like desperation at an all-time high with the leafs like if anyone's
going to do it it's going to be sheldon keith saving his job yeah it's got to be a skill team
that's outside the box thinking and and you're right i think the leafs could be a team that
would be like that i can't wait for the first team to do it i think that what are we going to call
this we're going to call this the chicklets, et cetera,
goalie pole.
When it gets pulled the NHL,
you heard it here first.
You heard it here first fans.
You heard how we're going to dominate this.
This is our play.
We're calling it.
Once it comes over the pond in here,
it's me and Murr.
We called it.
We're claiming it.
Spitting chicklets,
chicklets,
et cetera,
goalie pole overtime play.
I love it,
Murr.
And I want to move on to the next thing on this,
uh,
riding the bus segment. And that's a red deer rebels red deer rebels and ricky carlson and his crew
are absolutely on fire right now this year they're ripping it up they're all over the standings just
dominating everything uh they haven't lost yet this year they're the only team in the league
that hasn't lost they set a whl record and our our team when i played there we won the memorial cup and we set a ton of records we've had some chl
records which has since been blown by the london knights remember those london knights teams that
were just dominant um uh cory perry you can go on and on down the list of all these great players
yeah shrimpy these guys had stack team and started taking down our records, but they're 13 and 0.
13 and 0 to start the year.
Watch out for this wagon.
G, are you going to print Rebel Wagon shirts or something?
As long as the lovely people of Red Deer and Rick himself
doesn't come knocking on my door like the people of Buffalo did,
I would be happy to do it.
We've got to get something going out.
The Western Hockey League record-setting start, 13-0.
Should we make a Chick Flicks, et cetera, trip out there?
Maybe go see a little Red Deer Rebels game?
I think we should come out there.
I'll call up Brent Sutter.
We'll drop the puck at the game and get unbelievable treatment.
They have suites there.
He'll probably throw us in a suite because we're big dogs.
I only go to games in suites now, Armie. You only go to games in suites there we'll probably throw us in a suite because we're we're big dogs that's like
you guys only go to games and suites now you only go to games and suites gee i love this i love this
idea we got to get out west you've got to see the house i know you've been out there before have you
been out there many times before gee i know no i mean i've only been to alberta once flew in on pj
no big deal but yeah i've only been to alberta once. Well, welcome to Central Alberta, the kings of the Western Hockey League,
the Red Deer Rebels, my alma mater team.
Love those guys.
Love that city.
Great hockey town.
Merles, what else you got for us?
I think we're going to wear it to the OHL.
OHL.
We got Michael Misa leading the OHL in goals, 10 and 13 games.
And why is that news, you ask?
He's 15 years old. He's one of those exceptional
status players. He's an 07 birthday for the Saginaw spirit, and he's leading the entire
league in goals. I guess this kid's a stud. I coach some 07s, some big name players, Zach
Morin, Cooper Dennis, but I guess this kid tops them all as he's leading the OHL so is he the next
Connor McDavid he's exceptional status Tavares McDavid Crosby um Sean Dague I really like um
that never really panned out and how cool do you think this is how cool do you think this kid I was
just gonna say Merles you probably just made this kid's year he's probably gonna be the coolest kid
at high school now that he got mentioned on chiclets but you're a 15 year old
playing in the ohl this kid must be like the coolest kid ever right around his show the show
hl they call it g that's so that's so much they think they're awesome well g in the show hl they
don't even go to school so i mean he's there for like one or two classes and then they're at the
rink the whole time have you met you've met biz met biz, you have not met these OHL guys.
Merle's I can say this too.
I've seen highlights of them over here.
I've, I've seen what he looks like and some of his things.
I've seen some clips of him on the internet.
He handles himself.
He does not look like a 15 year old, like the way he carries himself, the way he moves
out there, the plays that he can make, uh, the power in his game, the poise that he like,
you know, guys just look different. he already has that at 15 years old so keep an eye merles i mean i'm sure there's been
some buzz and talk about him but you heard it here first you heard it here first and that's what we're
going to do in this segment we're going to have guys from europe that no one heard of that i've
been watching there's you know i broke some news before on here so we're going to be we're going
to be digging into college, major, junior.
You had Pedersen, Pedersen, like three years before he even played a game in the NHL.
When you like my guy, Murley's telling me about this Pedersen kid.
Timber guys, he's got a new guy.
If we ever stop talking about the Leafs, I'm going to head up to the game and get boots on the ground.
So EBR can get a W tonight.
We need G to edit out like half the Leafs talk,
just like enough.
Then we kept bringing them up like Jesus
and like pits flying under the radar, not a hot start.
Okay, here we go again.
But that's riding the bus segment.
We want to keep this pod like not too long.
We're not going to like just bog you down.
It's just some more content for you,
hardcore Chicklets listeners.
But that's it.
That's it, boys. Actually, actually g you got anything coming up i want to get in the chicklins uh chicklets uh you know uh zone and and what's
what's coming ahead this month i know there's some live shows stuff yeah so you guys announced
on the pod yeah we're actually heading to north carolina uh next week to film some sandbaggers so
that's that's going to be awesome I won't say who the guests are.
I'll let biz and I'll save it for them,
but a big,
big name,
former Carolina hurricane.
He might go by Mr.
Game seven as his nickname.
That's all I'll say.
Ooh,
good golfer.
Great golfer from what I hear.
And then we,
we are going to Boston.
We will be doing a live show in Boston.
We will have more information at a later time.
And we are hoping me and Merle's have been talking.
We've been back channeling behind your back.
We want chiclets, et cetera, merch.
We want some stuff coming out.
So keep an eye on that.
I know you at Barstool and Chiclets are great at popping that stuff out.
We've got Black Friday coming up.
Yeah, we got Black Friday coming up.
We're going to dish a ton of merch out.
And that kind of goes to Merle's point that he said earlier about like, we want to hear from the fans. You guys are rookies.
You know, every day, a lot of the merch ideas I get, people send them in. So like, if you have
any chicklets, et cetera, merch ideas, send them in. If you have any suggestions on things you want
the guys to do differently for the show, send them in. Comment on the Apple, comment on the YouTube,
send us your beer league stories. We want to hear it all.
These guys are going to be very,
very interactive with you guys, the fans,
and we're going to make this the best sub branded show ever.
Anything else here, Murr?
Just for a little tip, there's a sneaky 2 PM Friday NHL game from Finland.
You got Avalanche and the Blue Jackets are over here in Europe playing.
So don't miss that game.
Avalanche are going to spank them.
Columbus stinks.
Yeah.
Global series has started up.
It starts up this weekend.
Good call on that, Merle's.
So with that being said, thank you, everyone.
I know it was very reactionary with their hot takes.
And we want to get some more inside the Chicklets universe,
inside the minds of Witt and day to day some of that more topical stuff that people i think want to hear
about their lives and different things inside of their lives or their uh what they're doing so
stay tuned for that we'll see you in a month the first thursday of every month we will be dropping
a chicklets etc and extra content all found underneath all the stations and channels
under spitting chiclets and it's make it super easy for you so thank you merles we're blessed
g thank you for everything everybody stay tuned for more content as we move through
the month here as well on spitting chiclets enjoy the month you
