Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
And here we go, Chicklets Nation. It's Chicklets Game Notes with me and Merle. This is episode
number three. As we keep this train rolling, fresh off of Boston, fresh off a couple podcast drops from the parent club and Merle's.
Here we are.
We're back again.
A little delay, right?
Gee, on the drop, Mikey Grinelli's here also with us
and keeps everything all together.
A little delay.
We had to get out of the Boston haze, didn't we?
The hangover of the live show and the crew together and everything that happened.
And good to see you on here again, bud, as we get cooking again, episode three.
Good to be on here, boys.
Good to be on here.
I still have no clothes.
I don't know if you heard on the past Chicklets episode this week.
I am clotheless.
I gave away my clothes to a local laundry man who basically took them and ran.
So I'm wearing my pink Whitney jersey right now. Gets me in the mood for a pink Whitney nip. I actually banged one out before this. So I'm wearing my pink Whitney jersey right now.
Gets me in the mood for a pink Whitney nip.
I actually bang went out before this.
So I'm feeling great right now.
I feel awesome.
I don't think I'm I think I'm fully recovered.
I don't know about you guys.
I think the oldies on the show here are still hurting a bit from the Boston trip.
Yeah, it was a rough one.
We had to delay it just so I could get my voice back.
Number one.
But I've been on the treadmill.
I've gone and played two men's league games. I'm trying to delay it just so I could get my voice back, number one. But I've been on the treadmill. I've gone and played two men's league games.
I'm trying to sweat it out.
I think I gained 10 pounds just in those three or four days,
eating all the food at Witt's, all the big deal brew.
So I'm back.
I'm feeling good now.
I had another skate last night, and I think the voice sounds pretty good.
Oh, man.
Did we not all have the most roasted voices when we did the pod after the
outdoor game?
It was just ridiculous.
Listening to that, I was just like, oh, man, we all sound rough.
And then the vlog came out yesterday, which was really cool and hilarious
and awesome.
And started already.
At the end.
Rippled at the end.
Whenever these come out out i'm sitting there
praying like okay please don't make me look too bad on these please don't wake me and i'm watching
it all and i'm like yes i did it i i i slid under the radar this trip nope very end most buckled of
the whole trip no voice and uh thanks a lot pasha and g and Sean. I was watching. I'm like G standing there,
knowing that RA is just,
just trying to get through this like little standup thing.
And you're like laughing G.
I could tell.
Cause you're like, all right.
You're like, this is hilarious with Merle's just trying to just fumble
through.
It was unbelievable.
Right.
Right.
When we, they were like, all right, we got to do a wrap up.
I'm like, Merle's you're in here.
You're getting the call in here. We need you, buddy. Yeah. You did it good.
Yeah. I got the voice back. I lost it a little bit on Sunday.
I went out and watched the bills game on Sunday. Unbelievable.
I got to shout out my brother. He pulled a legendary move.
We were supposed to have a big family dinners.
I'm going back on Sunday and his kids had hockey on Monday night.
So we couldn't do it Monday. He calls, he cancels 1130 that day, Sunday cancels the kids. Hockey's like no hockey
for you guys. We're doing family dinner Monday. We're going down to the rock to watch the bills.
It's like a bills backers bar. They're playing the songs, the horns. And, uh, you know, everybody
saw it. The guy runs it back first, first kick. And I lost some of my voice, but I think I'm good to go here.
What is it?
You know, you make me want to shout.
Get a year.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Come on now.
Of course.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
I got a couple of bills buddies here that so I hang hang around that in the garage and when the bills games are on,
of course,
big story this week too,
with DeMar Hamlin and all the support and the bills going again and the
FaceTimes with him and all the stuff that's come out about his,
you know,
recovery,
which has been awesome.
I,
I,
I laid on the couch and watch football.
That's it.
And then I had to work a pens game that night.
I was just couching it boys.
I had to come home. I have a outdoor rink in my backyard and i came home and i was out there
in my bare feet all the ice melted because we had like a storm and on there's leaves all in there
which i'm pissed about i get psycho about these leaves i got to get these leaves out of here like
super backyard rink dad so my wife bought a pool skimmer off of amazon so i'm
trying to pool skim i don't have a pool i'm trying to pool skim my rink to get the leaves out because
if it freezes again i want it to look perfect right so eventually guys i got my socks shoes off
pants rolled up this the water is just like ice like freezing cold i was in there for 25 minutes
it took like two days for my feet to feel not cold.
Is this the first year you've built it?
This is the second year I did it.
This is the second year I did a rink.
It's sick.
I got it.
Like I actually set it up quicker than I thought, but no,
no boots murals because there's a liner in there.
You can't,
you can't risk wearing boots and cutting the liner or it's,
or it's game over.
And it's like like it's like virtually
a plastic bag so i'm like i'm going bare feet like ninja style i'm gonna get in here and get
all these leaves out of here and i got it all primed and ready i just i'm not getting the
weather yet so i had that going on on that was that was on the saturday before the football so
the next day i laid on the couch all day boys and my feet were still cold they were still cold like what a dad move epic dad move epic dad move number two the other day my one of my kids
throws up in the middle of the night like sick you know like when you're a kid and you throw up and
like you're sick at night i don't know it just came on it was like three in the morning
and i dodged the first throw up the second second one, reactionary dad style. Like I went to catch it in my bare hands like this.
And it was all like liquid.
It just poured onto my hands.
Like parents are crazy, man.
Parents are girls.
I had one of those about a month ago.
I had to catch it and catch it in the hand.
But I was only one hand and still made a mess into the into the bedding.
And it's amazing how you have like the energy to do that in the middle
of the night and like it's not a big deal where if it was like myself i would just like ah just
leave it there and go to bed but you have the energy like you get up you ripped all the sheets
off you shower the kid then you put new bedding down and uh it's amazing what you'll do for your
kid parents are no joke guys parents are no joke catching barf in the hands is just a reaction you don't even think twice you know it reminds me of like how how powerful you're
you know a thing is i think back to that one clip g you posted that clip of that guy that
shook gretz's hand is like maybe the coolest thing of the outdoor game unbelievable unbelievable
he's staring at his hand that's how parents
are when they catch their kids barf in their hands they love it they just they just do it for the
kids and they clean it all up yeah you get the shower going you get everything ready to roll
um and then we this is natural birth control like women don't need to take birth control pills
anymore they just listen to you two talking about catching your kids puke and your
fucking bear.
Yeah.
This is coming for you,
G this is,
this is in your future,
my friend,
everyone flip it for you,
G and I'll combine both stories.
I got my daughter on skates for the first time,
a couple of days after Christmas,
the outdoor rink was,
was cold enough here to skate on.
It's now a pool like yours army,
but we got these mini skates for her.
She lasted maybe 25 seconds on them before she's like, no, no, no.
Put me back in the sled and I'm just ripping her around in the sled.
But there was a cool moment to see her on the skates and we might have a
future Merle hockey player coming. Let's go, Merle.
I know what you do with the kids. I know the coaching ability.
I saw it firsthand.
Morales, how is the Sweden women's hockey development over there?
Do they have good systems all the way through?
Yeah, it's really good.
They have their own pro league, actually. The Swedish Daman Hockey League, SDHL.
And I don't know if this is true, but I heard this past fall
that next season they're gonna let
them play full contact you know how like the women's hockey usually no hitting the swedish
league is gonna try hitting next season and that's something that'll be wild but that could be game
changing i think that's the game that's huge yeah gee i think that's huge they hit already like if
you go watch it's fairly physical but it's like they, there's just like kind of an unspoken thing that they're not allowed to
hit kind of thing.
It's like, they, they're allowed to hit against the boards a little bit,
but it's not like, we know there's no hitting and it's,
it's a different game, but if they allow hitting,
I think that makes it like so much bigger.
Like imagine that us Canada woman's game,
if they could just lay each other out.
Oh, there's going to be like, there's going to be monster hits.
There's going to be  this might take it to when they get nasty
after the girls get  the women get nasty after something happens.
It'll take it to another level.
So that'll take everything to a whole other level
with some of those rivalries, especially U.S.-Canada for sure, Merle.
I'm going to watch for your daughter in that league.
Well, I didn't even have this plan.
It just came to me now that we're talking about it,
but the U S under 18s is going on right now.
And the Americans, their best player, I'd say she had five points.
The first game, Margaret Scannell, guess where her hometown is.
Your backyard, Troy, New York, Troy, New York, baby home of uncle Sam.
So we've got a new prospect, new hockey prospect out of this hockey factory, Troy, New York, Troy, New York, baby home of uncle Sam. So we've got a new prospect,
new hockey prospect out of this hockey factory, Troy, New York,
Margaret Scannell, check her out.
And the rest of the girls in that tournament, Margaret Scannell,
we want you. Is that what uncle Sam says? Yep. Yeah.
Now that I'm American, I know that stuff, you know, big time American.
I was thinking though,
we got to touch on the over the weekend because we kind of,
we were all kind of like, we went our own separate ways.
We're trying to get our lives back together after Boston weekend.
And then the, the, the, the team chat just got going.
I think wit said something about the devils are trash and Pasha was just
heated and Merle's you and I jumped on like G like G got in there later on,
but it was, it was already going real hot. And then biz got in later on and like, everyone was chiming in.
RA was going to screen grab a whole conversation as we were just piling on
Pasha during that game as you know,
the devils ended up winning against the Rangers, which was a great game.
Did it seem like, first of all, with that chat,
did it seem like it was like 50, 50 fans and that's in there?
We were kind of talking
about that yeah like whenever we have these trips yeah we're all best friends but you don't want to
hear from anybody you kind of want to forget what happened and just dry out for a few days and and
then all of a sudden that that group text popped up and uh you know i i always love to give it to
the devils and pasha so i jumped on board and uh yeah we we ended up in a bad spot what are you
saying like next bet next goal goal yeah we hit army let's go next goal we banged a couple down
right away and pasha was losing his mind and then he got the last laugh right gee like it was
like pasha loves like he hates it but i think he loves it right with his devils oh he loves it he
absolutely because even when they sucked he would still be busting your balls about them in the future,
how they're going to be good.
Like he just he loves just poking you and poking you and poking you.
And that's why it's good because they're finally decent this year.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
They're like relevant.
They're fun.
They're electric.
Like anything can happen.
They were on an epic losing streak and they've kind of trying to pull pull themselves out of it which has made it super fun for us with passion i was saying
on the podcast we did there the craziest thing ever walking around with us in boston gee after
we did that pink whitney uh uh bar appearance and then walking over it was like we were like it was
it was insane rock stars and like we're all walking and wit's a big character right like
everyone knows wit he's got his kid on his shoulders like it's on like hard not to see wit merles is there guy
yells ebr a guy the thing that was amazing to me with pasha and his new jersey devils thing and
like his i get like his character he's carrying his cameras like he's just like went all black
carrying his cameras doing his job some guy on top of the green monster yelled, fuck, the Devils fucking suck, Pasha.
Just started going after Pasha.
He can't avoid getting chirped.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I'm looking forward.
Like, if we can get to some Devils playoff games,
you got Rangers, Islanders, Devils, maybe all in the mix.
We do a chicklets trip to New York, home office,
and we can just hit a bunch of those games
and just,
just be chirping,
be betting.
It's going to be,
it could be an electric spring for us.
Let me ask you this.
Gee,
is that kind of how it works?
Are we just kind of playing it by ear to see positioning down the
stretch?
And you,
you might add some of these in,
is this like a thing or it's just kind of in conversation.
We don't know what's going to happen.
Yeah.
That's kind of the crazy part about my job is like,
as the playoffs approach, we're kind of trying to plan out where we're going what content
we're going to be filming uh and we have no idea right now so as we get close we start to see what
matchups could be forming what city would be a good place to go make some content in but i can
tell you right now we're going to be all over the place especially with the fact that tnt has the
cup finals this year so we're going to be at the cup finals, I think from start to finish. So that'll be awesome
as well. But oh yeah, for playoffs, we'll be all over the place. Hopefully all three New York
teams make it so we can just be buzzing around in here. I don't have to go too far, but I assume
with the East coast between Boston and New York, we'll be in the Northeast corridor a bit.
Yeah. Which is okay for me. I'm in Pittsburgh, so that's good.
And we'll see what they do.
I mean, they got to make the playoffs too.
I think they make it.
I think it's hard not to say they make it.
Even I think they'll finish top three in the division,
maybe third.
So we'll see.
Maybe, hey, gee, gee, Murr,
I know you guys were there last time.
I think we'll, could it be a Rangers-Penguins
first round again?
I think it could be.
That might be even
a great situation a little gambling cave action with the boys again it all started with you yeah
that's how it all i got kidnapped by you by you beauties and got me right in there got me going so
it was uh it was that was like how it got in there it was it's so fun and so crazy so it's been a
whirlwind we're on episode three let's get right the show. Let's bring on a guest that we haven't had on yet. It's only episode three,
but we want to get them in the mix and, and, and kind of pick his brain here.
Let's bring on our boy, the rear Admiral.
All right. Now Merle's chicklets game notes for the first time on the pod
with us. We haven't had the pleasure we'd like to welcome on
our boy and uh i mean what do we call him like the master of ceremonies after the boston weekend
rear admiral welcome to chicklets game notes buddy we're proud to have you on love to finally get you
on episode three thanks boys it's uh it's an honor to be on with you fellas.
I'm happy with what you're doing, and it's a joy to be here.
Hopefully not my last episode after I go all for four.
I know Merle's is pumped to have you on for the gambling stuff, right, Merle's?
Yeah, we're going to get to the gambling.
All right.
Start at the Rear Admiral's Gambling Corner with Spittin' Chicklets.
So he's the forefather, is it called called or the godfather of gambling for chiclets.
Well, biz actually came up with the name. I know it's like, you know, not the most creative, the Irish quarter, but it just stuck. And yeah, I,
I, I've been on a little hiatus lately. I had, I had a tough sledding early.
You ain't going to take a break. And I'm glad I did. Cause like,
I would have, it would have been a bloodbath if I kept going,
just like the, you know, your mind bets. I'm like, ah, if I took that man,
you need a break. Sometimes you've got to recharge the
batteries. I think things are kind of leveling off to like teams are losing
seven, eight in a row. You're like, all right, you're riding. I'm like, ah,
I thought the generals would do like,
and it's like the teams were just going on like so many teams on these crazy
long streaks. So yeah, I took it, took it off the chin a little, but you know,
back up like Rocky bell ball. Yeah. You're tough. We saw where you're from.
We, we saw everything. We know what you're about going to boston's meeting all your friends
uh and speaking of taking a break are you taking a break from partying a little bit ra
do you think like i'm i'm hurting still a little bit from boston like i i i'm now on a cleanse i'm
trying to cleanse i got chirped like i've aged like 100 years from minahan really crushed my soul
gee you were sitting next to me you could see me just like i was like nelson aged like 100 years from minahan really crushed my soul gee you were sitting next
to me you could see me just like i was like nelson when like lisa simpson broke up with him
all right i was shocked i don't think you look old at all colby i think you have a boyish charm
to you thank you i was like blown away because i always get you that i look young that i look
young for my age so ra are you feeling that now too though i came back after sorry to interrupt
i came back after the live show we did like an after party and i came back me and memes we were
like at an uber getting back to the hotel and ra was still outside hanging out with all his buddies
and stuff it was great he was still rocking that was late all right yeah well it's a chick let's
road trip even though it's a mile and a half away it was still a roadie because contrary to popular
belief here in the show i'm actually pretty low-. Most of the time I have like two or three drinks, a couple of beers, whatever.
I very seldom get like shit face during during the year.
The road trips, I kind of uncork it a little bit and have some fun, especially last weekend in Boston.
But no, I'm more of like a two, three beer.
I'm like a beer snob now to Colby, like on the IPA, seven percent.
I'd rather drink three or four of those and get a good buzz instead of like, you know, eight or nine, you know, uh, domestic things. I don't want to script sponsor
stuff here. Uh, so I, I liked, yeah, I liked the, uh, the high octane IPAs I've been into them
lately. There's so many breweries in Massachusetts. So plus you don't get hung over, man, that the
quality is so good. You're paying, I mean, you're paying fricking 16 for a four pack,
but you know where it's going, you know, like the line of Pulp Fiction.
Speaking of Boston, you were the star of the live show.
We talked about that on regular chicklets, but Wednesday night,
the vlog dropped and you were the star of the show once again.
Yeah. I, I,
I watched it last night to make sure everything was cool with it.
And it was, and I was like, Holy shit.
I guess this is like a fucking document,
a documentary about my life or something. I couldn't believe how much,
I mean, it was obviously cool being in the North end,
then Charles down and showing people around,
but I was like taking a back at how much, uh, Posh included in it.
Plus I made a total asshole out of myself too, which, you know,
I won't spoil it. People will see it tomorrow, but, uh, it was fun.
It was great. Uh, and love to show the city off and, um,
can't wait till whatever the next trip is. We'll do it there for a lot of
people. I think.
So people will have seen this by the time they hear us.
All right.
Do you have anything to say, like a rebuttal possibly for some of the stuff that I think, you know, you're maybe your your feelings are hurt a little bit?
No, I mean, I'm you know what?
I'm the clown every once in a while.
I don't mind those laughs.
I will say was the ball slip that slippery?
Like, be honest.
That's why I said the posh. I want to see you guys shoot the ball was slippery my hand the ball was wet my hands would
you just watch the trajectories i mean i was five feet away and you don't want to like hum it too
much it just slides off your finger you what about the layup i mean i was just like i was
my soul was dead at that point i was just like get me the fuck out of here yeah you're confident like all right i i'm convinced that stool prez called you maybe offered you a live
free bed or something so you would have the worst basketball shot because all the stoolies know
about his half court shot that made it about halfway down so did he have any saying in this
was that a true shot by you no it's it like like, again, it looks awful, but it's go out,
shoot a wet basketball, wet hands.
You're going to do the same thing.
No, I actually, like, no bullshit.
I hit one of the most famous three-pointers in my town,
BNBL history back in the day.
I mean, I wasn't a great player.
It was actually an accidental pass.
My buddy was like five seconds left.
You know, they rolled the ball to half-quits and stopped the clock.
And I looked like my other buddy Pat Woods who's tall blonde
and my buddy was like past it and he's like
no he realized
like because I'm tall blonde well I had I had hair
at the time he inadvertently passed it
to me it was like three two one I threw it up
all met like three point of one the game
so like you know and that was probably the high
high point of my basketball career but it
looks worse than than it is like I'm not
I'm not a great player I'm not really that good but it's it's just a wet ball dude you can't like i mean you can see
where i was i was four feet away and it just rolls off your fucking fingers maybe maybe all right
maybe it's some pasha magic a bit too because it was on the vlog it was like so perfect you're like
i used to play high school ball here like ripped it off and then all of a sudden it gets to you
yeah he does the slow motion
thing i used to play basketball i was fucking crying at that and i was crying at that the
skating man i like jesus go over the media thing and i didn't think it out first i haven't skated
in years i'm not particularly great skater the skates weren't shopping though i had no confidence
it was like i forgot fucking how to skate i was like dude i'm i did a lap like we're out of here dude i'm not breaking the fucking bone for content i'm sorry i just i i just wasn't feeling it man i
was gonna be cool though all right right like pretty cool getting a skate right yeah yeah yeah
that's the second time you've done it right yeah well the first time i actually did some several
laps but i just was mentally beat physically beat i just like it was just a bad idea but
fortunately i didn't break my head or my orne arms or anything so well i thought the rest of the vlog was awesome showing everyone
around boston i wish i had flown in because i think i flew in merles you drove in right everyone
was kind of getting in either that day or the day before g if i'm correct you know all everyone's
plans but i wish i kind of could have followed you around just to see all like the neighborhood
stuff which i think is really cool so people it dropped yesterday, the vlog of our Boston trip
and RA giving you the full tour.
I want to ask you, too, though, about your suit.
You came out in a suit.
Is this the new uniform for our live shows?
Is RA putting suits on?
You looked really good.
Did you feel the love?
Did you feel the compliments from the boys and everything?
Oh, I absolutely felt the love. And, um,
I've been like saying on chiclets forever because obviously fashion's not my,
my thing too much. I say, I look good when I have to. And that night,
I had all my family, all my friends that I invited, you know,
I had to look good that night.
I wasn't going to come out in a chiclets hoodie and sneakers.
And I had that suit made a couple of years ago.
I've only worn it probably twice. So I said, I'm going to dust the suit off,
not tell anybody I'll surprise them, surprise the boys. And, uh and uh yeah i think people are very surprised they showed up in a nice suit
murals he didn't have on the running shoes either hey he's old school like you love that he had a
suit he had the real shoes going yeah i'm looking he was looking pro for the family but later in the
weekend there's some other news about your family that was brought up by biz oh no i mean what is
going on with that?
Is there any truth to it?
What did the old man think of that?
My mother,
you're talking about when this said he's dating your mom and he's your dad.
No,
that was hilarious.
Yeah.
I got up.
Like I said,
I had a bunch of texts from family,
friends,
all great night.
And my mother,
there was no words.
It was just a picture of her and business.
I was like,
Oh Jesus Christ.
Like I was like,
I could have kept the quiet. I said, I will play it up for a joke. My mother thought it was hilarious. She of her and biz and i was like oh jesus christ like i was like i i could have kept the quiet i said i will play it up for a joke my mother thought it was hilarious she
watched that clip but yeah i don't think biz is going to be my stepfather i think uh she's probably
listened to the show enough one more thing for you too just about that on on the pod when we were
sitting on there you said that was one of the top three moments in your life and i'm just curious if
you're comfortable uh sharing the other. What were the other two?
It's funny.
I was wondering that.
I didn't have two other ones in mind.
I just wanted to be like, I know it was definitely top three.
I didn't have like, oh, it's after this, it's after that.
I just knew like, all right, it's definitely up there.
I mean, that's not going to happen again.
I mean, I don't know if we'll do a show back in Boston if we do at some point.
But that was the first one I did.
And all those people that came to see me and shit, I don't know if we'll do a show back in Boston if we do at some point. But, you know, that was the first one I did. And all those people that, you know, that came to see me and shit, I don't think I can recreate that.
So, yeah, I felt the love from everybody.
And, you know, my town, you know, I come from a small town.
It's, you know, kind of a crazy history.
So, you know, people are very proud of you.
And you kind of represent the town.
And I felt that as well.
So, yeah, it was the other two, honestly, like I I'd have to take on it. I mean, uh,
I hate to say 2011 Boston Bruins. All right. That was a good one. Yeah.
The three pointer in high school that old Johnny Callahan threw over to you.
Yeah. You know what? Gee, that's a good call. 2011 Bruins.
That should have been automatic. I tend to think real like life.
I'm going to help you out. All right. Your wedding.
You might want to say your wedding. Yeah. know now you guys see there we go there we go
edit edit yeah i know explain on that but yeah the bros was great g because i got to you know
literally like potty with the you know your favorite what your players as they won the
stanley cup so yeah that that's probably it now i'll think of something 20 minutes later and be
like oh shit that would have been there but yeah, it really was a special night on dog. It was, uh, it was just, uh, yeah,
like I said, it's probably not going to happen again that way,
but, uh, I was glad everybody was there and got to take it.
And I got to give my parents a little love too. That was nice that, uh,
they got to stand the note. So I'm glad people responded to my call.
At a boy RA. Well, we're glad to have you on. Finally,
we've had those other, uh, donkeys on pigeons,
whatever you want to call them on with us. The first couple, one was a kangaroo court. We're like, we got to get some RA flavor in here. So we're going to take you to our next segment. Now introducing, it's an old segment with a new name. We're going to call it chicklets chirps. It used to be chicklets game notes before when we were chicklets, et cetera, Merle's. And this is kind of when we just kind of look at some of the stuff on the show or moments or things or trends that you guys kind of do that kind of take off and merles you got the first one here that is
actually hilarious it's been something i've been tracking for a couple years now and it seems like
whenever biz and wit chirp a team they immediately go on a win streak it happened a couple episodes
with the capitals and the rangers they're two of the hottest teams in the league.
I know you guys,
the show came out last night. Was there
any teams you guys chirped yesterday
that I can start betting on now, R.A.?
I don't know. We kind of were nice to teams
this week. I don't remember really shitting on anyone too much.
We were actually nice to the Capitals because they had a couple
guys coming back. Gee, did we really dump
on anybody this week? I thought we were pretty nice
to everybody. No, I think pretty nice to anyone i'd say if anyone maybe the devils but other than that
no we were pretty nice to everyone yeah there was no one no one was really slumping too bad that we
had like shit on it was kind of a meat you know milk toast week i guess you'd say uh story wise
and and and you know in the intro here today before we brought you on we kind of got into
like the our text messaging group conversation about the devil so i'm sure you guys had some fun like ripping on pasha it's it seems
like it seems like an easy target with him with the devils he's on like an island by himself
but that that text thread when you put it on there you like texted like we've got a tweet
we've got to put this on social like this whole thing yeah it's a vancouver kid like how are you a devils fan it's
just like something odd about it but it's fun to bust his balls but it's hilarious that thread
everybody it's like do you guys not watch the game everybody's oh this is all the first period
it's like it's one nothing it's two nothing like you guys not paying attention and sure as shit
devils come back win it over time made everybody look silly on the on the thread it's like come
on man everybody does that on twitter they're a are football teams up seven up in the first quarter.
It's like,
dude,
there's three and a half quarters left.
People always jump the gun.
So that was funny.
That part should get the last laugh.
Anyways,
he's like bugsy chill.
Ari is like bugsy chill right now.
He's just so chill about it.
And in the,
in the other sense,
Merle's we know those wagon shirts.
Did you guys do a,
you guys do a New Jersey devil wagon shirt at all? Or is it just, is it just the Buffalo Sabres one? We've done wagon shirts. Did you guys do a New Jersey Devil wagon shirt at all?
Or is it just the Buffalo Sabres one?
We've done a ton.
We did do a Devil's wagon shirt.
We've done an Islanders wagon shirt.
Islanders.
Yeah, we've mushed a few teams here.
So it's funny.
We weaponize it.
So, yeah.
So, R.A., this is the funny thing about you guys, which Merle's really at home.
It's like you rip on a team, they go on a run.
You give a team love. They stink.
It's definitely I mean, I think those two go harder than me.
I try to like, you know, not go too over the top sometimes, but it is funny the way it happens.
And you wonder, like, if guys are listening to the room, I don't think they give a shit at the end of the day.
I mean, it's fucking biz and wit goofing on them.
But it is funny the way that works sometimes like you know even if
we just don't even dump on a team like oh this team's been shitty and you know like if they
haven't been playing good and then like a week later they're on they're on a friggin tear so
yeah it's it's fun it's a fun aspect of the show and you know those guys aren't afraid to be peck
aheads and say peck ahead things got anything else murals for our a on this set in this area
i want to move on to his
expertise yeah okay well yeah i'll move us along then i'll get us going i i want to hear this too
because actually in previous shows and ra you have to know this um you have a lot of obvious fans and
people that support you and obviously your you know i guess we could say character on the show
where we've done this segment in the past where some of the things that maybe you have said with like trying to do the the jesper brought just brought or whatever it was and
i i found it hilarious because you couldn't do it uh i was off that's the one even that one too i
was getting like chirped because i was like they're like how do you chirp ra on the pod oh my god show
some respect for ra so i'm glad we have ra on for this segment uh to defend himself
on the vlog that came out and defend the show on some of this and defend yourself on some i made
fun of you i think which i burned myself on for doing a a pick on somebody or an interview with
kyle connor where you're like you're you don't have any goals dude like what's up and then he
got like a hat trick later but i I was unaware of the bank thing.
So it was on me.
I'm an idiot.
You were right.
You got it.
You got a chick.
Let's bump for him.
But now it's time for Barstool Sportsbook and the score bet in Ontario with R.A.
and Merle's.
Let's go, boys.
Merle's take her away with this.
Yeah, I just are.
Yeah, I just wanted to get it started and try to explain to some people how we each night we have a we have a barstool sportsbook special we put together.
And then with the score bet up in Ontario, we usually have at least one or two of us with some bets on there.
So make sure you're always checking them out, especially on Tuesdays.
We all throw in a goal scorer and a game winner.
So those are really fun, fun tuesdays for the score bet
and then uh you know the barstool sportsbook one we we do all sorts of things over unders
point scores and um you know me and ra are in charge of making those up and and hopefully uh
we're turning more of a profit than uh losers i guess yeah i don't want the name of the game so
sorry i'm doug no i just wanted to say
like it was kind of cool walking around boston too and we get to go in public like that like
we're the i felt like we were rock stars and it was so cool having people yell out like ebr
like randomly and we saw that in the blog too at one point i believe when we were walking around
someone yelled ebr wit loved it we all love it you guys get a lot of pump a lot of followers following your picks um so let's go with the EBR game of the month um we're two and oh we've we've
had two episodes we're two and oh the last game was Shaleftia in Sweden they won three to one
it was a no sweat winner our arm armor bet our combined bet is one in one. We took a horrible beat last month.
We had 13 minutes left to go.
We only needed one more goal.
Couldn't get it.
So that was brutal.
But I'm back again today with another EBR game of the month.
Same spot, Sweden.
Team was, if you remember episode one, it was various dead three way.
We wanted on a penalty shot with like two minutes left.
So Saturday in Sweden,
Ferry instead versus HV 71.
And it's going to be Ferry instead three way again.
Oh,
we're going to,
you're like the king of the Swedes,
man.
You crush this league,
Murr.
I love it.
Unreal.
Unreal.
Three way action either.
Do you get on,
um,
RA,
are you going on as,
are you,
do you,
do you hammer like Merle's picks a lot?
Are you,
are you,
are you, do you, do you tend to go with your picks a lot? Are you, are you, are you,
do you,
do you tend to go with your own gut and your own feel?
I do tip Merle's probably the only person I,
I tell.
And just with the European leagues too,
just cause his insight is fucking candy.
And all right,
you're a vet.
You,
I feel like you're a guy who likes to make his own decisions.
You're not someone who goes and takes other people in this a long time.
Great point.
No,
that's what i'm saying
murrell's is probably the only one and that's only for like the european i don't i don't go for the
nhl no offense murrell's but no i definitely old school go with my gut um you know i'll listen to
other people but i generally go with what i like you know it's like it's fucking my money man i
rather lose it myself i'll win it myself than listen to somebody else and like i always say
is like uh ride me when I'm hot.
Like if you see I've hit four or five in a row,
that's the time to get on and start playing me. Don't,
you don't have to play every play, but when I get on these streaks,
we've seen it before 12, 13, 14 in a row.
That's when you want to jump on.
And that's when I know RA have sent me some screenshots and he's got more on
these games than I did. It's like, God damn it. I'm like,
I'm betting in the minor leagues here.
Uh, we'll keep those numbers off.
But yeah, you know, I do like to fling it sometimes.
You know, I've been out this for a while.
Like I said, I'm on a little,
I was on a little hiatus for a bit,
but I had a dip and I'm glad I did.
Cause you know, like you keep track of everything.
I would have done this tonight, that's night.
And it would have just been bloodier and bloodier.
So yeah, I'm going to dip my toes back in it. And what's that football playoffs this weekend. I would have done this tonight, that's night. And it would have just been bloodier and bloodier. So, uh,
yeah, I'm going to dip my toes back in it.
And,
what's that football playoffs this weekend.
I'll have something going on this weekend.
Is this why you're,
you sweat so much RA?
I know it's been really,
you know,
told about the sweat.
Is it because of the,
the high?
No,
I don't stress out.
Honestly,
if I lose a bet,
it's over right,
right away.
I'll,
I'll swear.
I'll drop a C bomb or an MF and that's it.
I forget about it and move on.
No, that sweat was
just the weekend. It was the
last day, four days in Boston. We would have a
late night, a lot of drinking and whatnot.
And that place was hot as balls too. So
yeah, that was a pretty disgusting
display of sweat going on. But what are you going to do?
You were prepared. You had
the little handkerchief ready to go.
So hopefully you have your handkerchief ready to go so yeah hopefully you
have your handkerchief ready now let's get your picks ra you got you got some action ready for
for chicklets game notes listeners yeah uh i guess i'll call it my game of the month merles i know
it's tough to pick when a team still got a couple games in the middle of the week but
tampa bay at st louis saturday night uh st louis man they're too wonky right now i don't know if
they're gonna have the playoffs if they're gonna startky right now. I don't know if they're going to have the playoffs, if they're going to start selling.
Tampa's fucking Tampa Bay, man.
I don't know what the price is going to be,
but it should be a decent price on the road.
So I'm going to take Tampa Saturday night as my major pick.
Also, you know what?
I'm going to look at the Sens in Colorado.
Colorado's been kind of, again, they've been a little wonky lately.
They've been missing a lot of guys.
I know they got the Schneid the other night, Edmonton,
but I don't think they're a hundred percent back. Ottawatawa we know they're frisky especially on the road they should
be a pretty good price there so i'm gonna jump on the sends the same night but tampa's my uh major
pick though ra's pesky sends we'll be seeing the hashtag all night if they if they get to the lead
and hold on there but uh i love the tampa call great call on that one i got that circled now and
i don't know if i ride you with the Sens, but I'll keep an eye on it.
Yeah, and I'm actually looking at Seahawks-San Fran.
I mean, nine and a half points, man.
That's a lot of points for a couple of division rivals, man.
So I might jump on the Hawks, too, especially Geno Smith.
He had a good year.
San Fran got a rookie QB in there.
So, yeah, I think I just talked myself into the Seahawks, too.
What a beauty. Merles, where are we going? I know you got some picks coming up here too.
We got one more. Me and you combined on, we always like to take an over. We like to see goals. You
know, our boy Elio, he's always overs. So the armor play is always an over and Friday night,
Edmonton, San Jose over six and a half. Neither one of these teams know how to keep the puck out of the net.
They both know how to score.
Obviously the two big two in Edmonton,
then you got Carlson and San Jose, this game,
this game could go over in the first period at six and a half.
Yeah. I loved it.
I gave you a couple of picks with that and we kind of settled,
we were kind of talking it over and we settled on that game for sure.
I, I don't know what it is about well not necessarily la although
monday against um edmonton it did kind of get out of control a little bit but they're kind of more
defensive style but i think those cal those other cali teams is just like look to see who's coming
in there and then just rip the over on them i feel that's how i feel most nights what else we got
merle very safe trend everybody's out at the beach just looking for a good time that night.
Get some points and get out of there.
That's it.
Did you have some specials or anything with the score bet?
Yeah, well, just keep on there.
You know, it's all over our social medias.
We're retweeting.
We're making them.
People are sending me their picks all the time.
Oh, make this a special.
Do this a special.
Send them into us.
You know, sometimes somebody will have uh you know the guy's going for a thousandth game or 500th goal
and let's hunt that so that refreshes our minds and gives us a fun bet to have it's all for fun
we're trying to make some money but it's all for fun we're all a team we're all in it together so
get on there and let's uh let's have some fun and all right what do we got for you coming up we're
gonna kick you loose after this little gambling segment.
It was awesome to have you on. What do you got coming up here?
What's your life looking like in your new stardom?
Do you have to wear suits around Boston all the time now? Is that,
is that recommended?
Fuck no, man.
I probably the next time I have a suit on will be either a wedding or a
funeral, whichever comes first. No, I'm still like, you know, a slot.
Basically the only thing is like, if I haven't shaved my head for a while, and I look like you know a slot basically the only thing
is like if i haven't shaved my head for a while and i look like a suburban dad with like the
male patent baldness i make sure i wear a hat in case i get stopped for a picture or something but
no i don't get gussied up that's kind of like my thing dressing like sweatpants or whatnot uh the
next few weeks dude i'm getting the wind back in my sails after uh the boston weekend man i'm the
old fuck of the crew i'm still licking my wounds a little bit, still tired, and I'll
be ready to go by February. And you know what,
boys, the coolest thing ever,
RA was kind of mingling after
what was it, the outdoor game
in the hotel lobby, and I met
the doctor, guys, that
saved his back, his sciatica.
Wasn't she there?
It was the chiropractor I did
not end up using, she's she was the first
one to slide in my dms offering to help uh and then i said if i do end up using a chiro i'll
use you and i do it i bumped into her randomly like a month ago and then again we're like we're
like pals now so i got her number i'm like hey come out meet us for beers later so yeah she was
great shout out dr brit yeah she's she's a hot shit, man. Played up at UVM, big hockey gal. She was great. So stay tuned for a R.A.'s picks. Obviously podcast drops every Tuesday.
Awesome. Hanging out with you in Boston, Merle's. What do we say about the hospitality? It's just
unbelievable. Yeah, it was so much fun. I was walking into the live show and some guys yelling
at me, Hey Merle's he's like, I'm R.A.'s buddies. Like let's go grab a beer. And I'm like, uh,
got to go into a live show, but I mean, R.A live show but i mean ra has people everywhere and uh i was really happy to get there and meet
all his family and friends and yeah that was that was the best to see how proud everyone even for
you g your whole family every time i turned around i was like i'm granali's brother there
then there's like i turn i'm granali's brother yeah how many of them are there there's like 10
guys i met they were trying to say they're your brother.
It was awesome.
Crippled too.
Yeah.
You guys put on a show.
It was great.
The hospitality was awesome.
The Boston people and fans were amazing.
It was cool to experience what you guys have built. And obviously are a,
the original guy and the live show went through the tweets of how it all
kind of came together,
which was really good to see the origin.
And we're me and Merle's are pumped to have you on here too to get you on here for for the fans and the people
and kind of a different setting to talk to you like this and pick your brain about the vlog that
was just released and where you're at and uh hear how you're doing so thanks for coming on with us
buddy my pleasure anytime i love getting grilled instead of doing the grilling love to do it
anytime boys hit me up there it is buddy. We'll send them on his way.
We're going to keep moving things along here.
Chicklets game notes.
It's halfway point of the season, of course. And we decided we want to go through, you know,
some of these teams in the league,
maybe through divisions on some of the moves that they're going to be
looking to make right.
Merle's like this kind of, this kind of hits you.
I'm a guy that got traded at the deadline.
I trade Pittsburgh to Atlanta, you know,
big move for the penguins getting host of Dupuy in that trade with,
I was a part of.
So it's starting to creep up where teams are starting to position
and look like, what do they need?
We kind of see what they are.
So let's crank into it right away here.
We got to start, you know, we'll start out east.
We'll start with Toronto, Murr.
Well, yeah, we got to start with the Leafs.
So Biz isn't mad at us, you know.
Oh, yeah, here we go.
My biggest thing for the Leafs is obviously the D,
and I don't know why I picked this guy. Cause his name's so hard to say,
but I would love to see him in the blue and white Jacob Chikrin.
Is that correct? Yeah. And the coyotes coyotes, they need the tank.
They want Bedard. They've started to, they've lost five in a row.
Now they were trying so hard early on to give away that first pick,
but time for them to sell. They're done.
Give Chikrin to the Leafs.
And then that's the guy the leafs
need to make a real move can you imagine that if they get him that's like the big fish defenseman
i feel like you know really for like you know a team looking for a guy and we got to go gee
gee give us something on boston because those teams not gonna they're not it's gonna be probably
leafs tampa again oh get out of here boston's a clear runaway. Well, they're a clear runaway.
They could go to the Bahamas for the next two months,
and they're fine.
I am a little worried about this Jake DeBrusque injury.
He's been lighting it up for them this season.
He's got that broken leg or fractured leg.
When did that happen, by the way?
Did we know that?
Was he playing with that?
It happened during the Winter Classic. Yeah, he scored he playing with that it happened during the winter classic yeah
so yeah he scored the goal with a minute and a half left to screw over our overtime bet but i
would love to see the bruins go get a a top six forward uh it was patrick kane up until like a
week ago but then you heard elliot friedman start talking about how he's got like a nagging hip
injury and he could end up shutting it down
for the whole season so i would like them to go get a top six four i can't necessarily say who
right now but i would say patrick kane if he's healthy oh kane a lot of teams obviously going
to be one on an in on kane can the bruins make that work but it all matters it's it sucks for
the blackhawks too because they're just losing leverage as each day goes by. He's injured. He's got a no trade clause. He's going to be able to decide wherever he wants to go. So, yeah, they just lose leverage by the minute.
I would assume, but looking at Buffalo, like Buffalo's intriguing, right? Because I think they kept capture one, like their fans are crazy and cool.
Buffalo's great sports town,
but to their team's kind of exciting and up and down and can they jump some
teams and kind of sneak in?
Or is this going to be the year that they kind of get that feeling and they
get out of it and cage Thompson craziness and what do they need to do?
And I think we look at it, right. And it's, it's, it's kind of goaltending.
You know, we've seen them bring a guy up, put him back down,
have a guy, Craig Anderson, sitting there.
He's like 43 years old, I think.
He's like the Tom Brady of goaltending right now.
Just keeps playing and playing and eating nuts.
He must eat a lot of those peanuts and stuff like Brady diet.
But what goalie is Coyotes looking at the Vimalca?
I like Vimalca. That's what biz looking at the Vimalca. I like that.
That's a bit business big on the milk ago in there.
I'm, I'm even, I'm a Buffalo guy.
I'm even greedier.
I want Gibson.
That's what I was going to say.
Pittsburgh guy.
He can play great at times. And man, if they're right there, if they get the goalie,
I don't want to see that.
That'd be dangerous.
Playoffs.
That'd be dangerous.
If they get a goalie, the way they play high event,
high octane offense, hockey. why would you keep gibson too like you you gotta you gotta do
everything you can to tank for bedard at this point so it's like sell it sell them off and and
just make this team even fucking worse that's what i'm thinking i even think about the flyers i'm like
what are you doing like it starts selling like i even think of carter hart to that matter we'll go
to the metro now and i'll you know i say that about philly but looking at new jersey pasha's team like
i think tay's name could come up in that conversation as well and and so bring some
leadership they got a seemingly young group right like and dougie hamilton's kind of their veteran
guy like maybe get someone in there like kane like kane that plays that same kind of style
that they do.
I love that.
I love that.
Rumor boys, I love that a lot.
Rumor boys, let's go.
Love that.
I love it.
Merles, you got anything out of the Metro also?
I like how Washington, I said it was the end of the road for them
in the preview.
They survived, Merles.
I'm an idiot.
Yeah, they've survived, and now they're getting Wilson and Backstrom back.
So I don't think they need to do much.
Those count as two new guys like we've talked about.
And, you know, the team I'm really interested in.
You're our expert on this team, Army.
I need to know what the Penguins are going to do.
Oh, yeah.
I think they need to stay healthy.
One, they've had some big injuries.
And obviously we know what happened with chris letang um and then you know the passing of his father was a big thing too with him and
petrie missing a significant amount of time with an arm injury and um you know their bottom six
has been riddled and i think that's like where you get the heartbeat of your team so they need grit
they need to get grit and the guy that you know i always like and be interesting to see what they
do i know it takes a
lot to make it work financially because the pens are kind of right to the right to the cap but if
like a josh anderson type player could kind of come in and and provide that you know they added
archibald but they you know in the offseason he's a smaller guy bottom six guy but if you could get
a guy like anderson in there and that's what i're thinking. Need some meat. Let's go. Let's go help and insulate Gino and,
and, and Sid and those guys to play their game a little freely with a big body
guy like that. Anything on the Rangers? We got to talk a little Rangers too.
Maybe.
I think they're right there. I think they can win the cup.
And if you can go and somehow make it work,
like we talked about get Patrickrick kane or any of
these other big guys even a chick ran if you can somehow do anything you can you're right there
who knows what's going to happen next year i think the rangers are right in the mix do we have kane
going to everybody boys and he won't go anywhere now i know i know let's move to the central let's move to the central
boys uh i know a team that's intriguing to me that's kind of turned it around and they play
like bully style hockey mixed with a little bit of flavor like minnesota and you know and looking
at them and and what they could do and what they could be right and and who they could look to kind
of enhance this team merles do you have anyone in mind or something they need to target
they are hot they are hottest team ever since they got reeves they've been on fire
and i want them to get another right shot guy rock besner i say that right besser besser i'm
the worst name guy rock besser from vancouver vancouver time to sell Minnesota get another goal score take some pressure off the
Kaprizov and Zuccarello and this and this this this division's interesting I think there's a
lot of sellers in this division looking at it or a lot of teams that are stuck in between
gee and I know we talked on the podcast after kind of about St. Louis and what they are and
I kind of said I think they're kind of in. And there's two names that kind of come up.
And Tarasenko is one that's been floating around for a while now and didn't get claimed by Seattle.
And, you know, all this, you know, what are they a sell off?
Are they selling this year?
Yeah, I absolutely think it's time for the St. Louis Blues to sell.
I said O'Reilly there this season.
I said at the beginning of the season, I got scared.
I cut it out because the boys gave me a season, I said at the beginning of the season, I got scared.
I cut it out because the boys gave me a hard time.
I'm a, I'm a shell of a man.
I'm a mouse.
But the end of the day,
this,
this run,
you can,
I think you can sell off,
but still rebuild on the fly.
I think biz mentioned trading Parako.
I wouldn't go that far as trading a stud like him,
but I think you can trade a Tara Sanko and you can trade a, I don't know if I'd even trade O'Reilly i think you can trade uh tarasenko and you can trade uh i don't
know if i'd even trade o'reilly but you can reload on the fly get some young picks because they still
have guys like kairu guys like thomas they still have binner back in that so i don't think i don't
think it's like they need to go full rebuild but i think they should sell off here at the deadline
look to move some of their pieces i want to see see Tara Sanko go to the Islanders.
He's exactly what they need, like a star score, like big time game score.
That would be a perfect trade partner for them.
Rumor boys.
Rumor boys.
And then obviously we've already nailed on Chicago.
They're kind of the team that's, you know,
you're looking at Bedard coming up this year,
and this is why we're talking about some of this stuff, right? It like who's who's going to be in the mix for him in the lottery
and give themselves you know the best odds and chicago merles i look at and what's what are
they doing like they're doing it they're doing it right they're doing it right they're losing
they're losing like they're supposed to but you know to g's point though like with the with the
cane and tape i guess like wait and see and and for them as players right they're supposed to but you know to g's point though like with the with the cane and tay i guess like wait and see and and for them as players right they're gonna wait and see too
they're gonna wait and see like what's out there and you know what teams are wanting to do and then
when the when they come knock and give themselves the best option to go for to a winner right yeah
the only thing i can see now is because like they're really in a good spot for bedard maybe
cane wants to hang on there and play with him for a few years coming up. So I was just reading that there could be a possibility that Patrick Kane signs a one-year
extension with the Chicago Blackhawks, then shuts it down for the rest of the season.
So he can get healthy, get this hip fixed. Then next season comes back, you know, a few months
into the year, once his hip is all healed up plays alongside you know badard
fantilli mitch chev one of these top picks and plays out next year and then after that decides
all right i'll go somewhere now i'll sign my big ticket then but with that nagging hip injury i
think uh who knows what could happen yeah yeah and i want to i want to bring up one more team
in this division boys is the winnipegpeg Jets. That's your team.
That was my team.
I jumped off them this year, and now they're finally performing
like they're supposed to.
A bonus goes in there and just gets the boys going.
Ricky bonus.
Big old beauty.
They got five in a row wins right now.
They're buzzing at the right time.
Their goaltending's unreal.
They just are rock solid.
They're tough to play against.
They can score.
I think they can make a cup run, both you guys?
Yes or no?
Well, it depends.
What are they going to do?
I think they should go get some.
They got to look at the market.
They got to go and look and try to get some.
I think they're in the NHL right now.
Probably if they look to enhance this team in the right department,
could be the sneakiest non-talked-about team.
And that division with dallas minnesota
can colorado make a push what's going to happen but i think they're pretty i think they're pretty
sneaky i think they're pretty rock solid i think they're tough team to play against the playoffs
as well i think they're set up pretty good what are they gonna do boys what are they home barn
is real tough to play in. Absolutely. Absolutely, boys.
The Pacific.
Stinky.
The stinky Pacific, Murr.
You seen anything in there?
I mean, I've already canceled all plans to go to Alberta like we did last year.
Both those teams are pathetic.
Well, Oilers will get Kane back, it seems, sooner than they expected,
which will bump guys down make
them a little deeper and obviously he adds so much right like he's so important can he find his form
right away and and fit in I mean remember when they got him though he came in like he came in
out of nowhere and scored his first game like he was like literally not playing anywhere and just
came in so he has potential to possibly be like that but he's so important to that team so maybe
is is that enough to kind of give them that juice?
Yeah, it might be.
But now that G just talked about,
like we'll probably be following the finals around,
you know where I'm going with this.
I want Vegas to make the run.
And I have Logan Thompson as my rookie of the year.
I think he's losing it now to Bernier's.
Bernier's.
Another wrong one.
Your beauty.
I like him, but I think we need a veteran goalie
if we're going to go to the finals in Vegas.
I don't think you can rely on the rookie without a veteran.
And Aiden Hill not good enough?
No, I don't think so.
If we want to be in Vegas, Chicklets in Vegas for the finals,
let's add a goalie to them, and they got everything else.
And I know the cap is hell for them,
but that owner is not afraid to trade anybody.
So who knows what could happen there?
But I want to see Vegas grab another goalie just in case Thompson flutters.
Imagine if Minnesota fell off, had like a big losing streak,
and then Vegas trades for Marc-Andre Fle uh, and they bring him back to town.
I love this. I love these. Like, yeah, let's just say that flurries going back
to Vegas. I love this. Someone will write a story about it. It's done.
It's it's obviously going to happen. This is what, you know,
Gary Bettman loves doing this stuff. He loves
that's how biz would say, rig it you know like it'd
be awesome uh and then we got to go to San Jose our last one I first of all Vancouver what the
heck's going on there we talked about Besser Horvat's been talked about he's you know got to
get a new deal he's you know what's going to happen with them and that team uh their fan base is crazy
uh you know where are they gonna go but
we gotta san jose is interesting right because they're they're down there too and they've got
carlson who's kind of a guy that's been floated now murr yeah carlson admire um carlson the only
way they're gonna get rid of him they got to retain some of that contract 11 and a half million but
teams i would if you can get him for half that i think
you're happy to get him and san jose's kind of got to be happy just to only have to pay for half of
that as we're moving forward and rebuilding but i got my eye on him and meyer because those are two
huge pieces of the puzzle all right there we go we kind of kick through the league i like all those
ideas i like the rumors we came up with i like the the thing the the juice we're starting to get flowing here early heading the trade deadline
uh you know halfway through the season we'll just get you started with that little tidbit right there
and we're going to move on now merles to our segment we like to call show and mindsies and
this is where we think something show we think think something minds. We pick something out. Merles, let's start with you.
What's your show this month?
Big show.
Obviously, all the news of the Buffalo Bills,
and I don't know if everyone knows,
Bills and Sabres have the same owners,
so they're always one Buffalo,
and the Sabres showed up the next day
wearing the three T-shirts made for DeMar Hamlin,
and what happens? The best player in the team goes
out and scores three goals he scores the game winning goal three minutes into overtime it was
his third hat trick of the year it was on january 3rd it was his 30th goal so they honored honored
him and as of now the guy's doing great he's back in Buffalo. So that's a big time show for me.
That's so show, buddy.
That was amazing moment.
And all the numbers coming together.
Don't we love that?
It's like, you know, they're just swirling around.
And that magic number three just pops up so many times in that crazy time in that city for that player.
Gee, what about you?
You got anything show this month?
I do.
My show this month is the Acha, also known as the American Collegiate Hockey Association.
This is club hockey where all the beauties around the world play.
This is the guys playing at University of Alabama, Oregon, Texas, Tennessee, all the
big SEC schools, the big Pac-12 schools.
It's so fucking cool.
It's so much more legit than people
think especially down south these people get especially alabama like the team's doing autograph
sessions they have their own like customized locker room unbelievable jerseys they're packing
the house every night but one game in particular and i was talking to some kid at the uh winter
classic about this is uh of Kentucky versus Louisville.
Every year they play one game at midnight in Kentucky and they just pack the barn because
those two schools, giant rivals. So it's it's just super cool. There's tons of traditions.
There's tons of it's just like I kind of look at it almost like the ECHL. It's just like
it's this unbelievable, untapped league that no one really knows about.
It's so cool.
And I say this to anyone.
If you're a borderline Division III hockey player, you're debating whether or not you can play college hockey.
Go look at the ACHA.
There's so many good schools that you can go play at.
I know Syracuse, Alabama, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas. There's so many good schools that you can go play at. And I know like Syracuse, Alabama, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas,
there's Oregon.
There's all these amazing schools.
I can't suggest anymore.
So this month, the Acha baby, that's who I'm calling up to the show.
I love that.
We got to go to that midnight Acha game.
We got to.
Doesn't that sound amazing?
I love that.
I love that.
If there's a way we could mix
in a sec football game and hockey game in a same chicklets trip oh wow that'd be unbelievable i
didn't even know about this acha that's unbelievable colby you would love it shout out to everyone
bumping and grinding away in the acha i love it i love that they're doing that i got one i got
i actually have one club hockey store i want to tell you guys from my club.
That's actually kind of funny. So we were playing a game and we went to Castleton. We went to
Castleton state to play a game. I played for the Plymouth state team. And I think it was like an
inaugural archa year. We were like applying to get in, but we went to Castleton. We got there.
year we were like applying to get in but we went to castleton we got there half our team didn't show up so how it worked at plymouth was the coaches of our the club team were two former
players from the plymouth state division three team so what happened was we didn't have enough
guys so both our coaches had to suit up for us they had their equipment somehow and they suited
up for us and our coach ends up getting in a bench clearing brawl.
Castleton fans throwing shit at us the whole game.
But our coach ends up getting in a bench clearing brawl.
The game ended in like the second period because we didn't have enough guys.
So that's kind of what the club hockey level is.
This is what we got to see.
We got an absolute shit show, man.
It's unbelievable man it's unbelievable
that's unbelievable it's like slap shot like reg dunlop player coach is going in and starting to
stir it up yeah my brother played club hockey at springfield college i seen i saw a few games over
of his over there it's uh it's for everybody everybody gets to play everybody has good time
and i know they have a bunch of beers after the game too. Well, what's crazy too though is like there is tryouts for this shit.
It's not like just like beer league.
Like you got to try out,
you got to make the team.
Like I know at UMass Amherst,
they have like a division one team,
a division two team,
like a school,
like university of Delaware.
I think they have a division one.
Oh,
so hold on.
They'll find a,
they'll find a division.
If you want to play,
they there's enough people that they can do a division too it's not
just you got to make that team because i imagine there's a wide range of skills like people are
just like i want to play i play like no my whole life but i think you you if you stink you're not
playing in the achi i'll tell you that right now you're in the division two achi no no if you're
like a terrible hockey player you probably won't be able to make the achi i think
it's just like all you had to do was really be able to play high school hockey you didn't have
you don't have to be a good hockey player but like i don't think ra could go try out for like
the north adams state like club hockey team and make it you know what i mean i think it's it's
it's not just sign up and play but he ain't making it we saw his vlog yeah we saw it but there are
divisions there are different
divisions and wow i know like the top division like there are kids who could have went division
two division three and they just ended up you know going to a sick sec school down south shout
out to this league then shout out to keeping that dream alive shout out to just sweating off the
boilers shout out to everyone getting a chance to still keep the, keep it going. I love that. That is so show my show thing for me is the penguins flying the entire team
after their road trip and game in Arizona,
they played in the Boston outdoor game. They flew to Vegas.
They played the golden Knights. They went to Arizona, they played them.
And then they flew back to attend their teammate and brother and buddy's
father's funeral, which was kind of kept under wraps a little bit,
way out of the way to go there and, you know,
be there for him and support him in his time of grieving.
Amazing, amazing thing to do, I think,
by the organization and the team and the players to get together
and want to be there for their guy.
That's my show moment of the month.
Just, you know,
we've seen what the DeMar Hamlin thing and the outpouring of love and support
from everyone. And then, you know, with, with a buddy hurting. And I mean,
he's not an old guy to lose his father like that. So it's, it's,
it was a tough time and an amazing gesture by the team and players to be there
for him. I love it. Mindsies boys,
let's move on to things that we weren't too like thrilled about
like send this stuff send this shit right to the mindsies mer kick us off minds i'm watching the
game the other night edmonton la pulley rv i think i got that name right boom the hardest
and he got it he got in his second fight of of the season the guy says and then he says
he's leading the team in fights
which you know biz is calling them the vanilla lattes all the time and i didn't really like
believe in it but i looked up the stats yeah he's leading the team in fights you have connor
mcdavid leon dry sidle and paul yarvey's the guy leading fight like you got to get some muscle
what's going on well he's got to do the's got to do well i guess like he's not doing anything else he might as well fight like let's get some meat
in there to get get some protection for the two biggest stars in the game do you see that costans
throw down after with lemieux i didn't know he could throw him like that i was like damn where's
he been then but like edmonton do something you guys your guys are wasting these years away let's at least have some muscle and like little
energy i looked up the bruins they had a bunch of fights they're the best team um you know let's
let's all be more like them if you're if you're edmonton you're looking for something but that
was really brutal and the lattes that is is that gonna stick that's sticking the lattes. Is that going to stick? That's sticking, the lattes. Send it to the mindsies.
You got Pooley Harvey leading your team in tillies.
Get them in the  like, come on.
What are you doing?
What are we doing here?
G, you got anything you want to send to the mindsies?
Yeah, I'll keep it quick.
I'm going to send myself to the mindsies.
Given all of  100 of my laundry, every clothing,
piece of clothing I had to some random guy who told me he could do it cheaper than the company I go through.
Just an absolute bonehead move.
I deserve to have all my clothes stolen from me.
So I'm sending myself to the mines this week, boys.
Captain Underpants.
He's running around with your undies on.
I know.
I'm a small guy, too.
This guy was a big dude.
It's not like he can wear my clothes. Maybe as as a kid like a little eight-year-old kid that's
gg now you wish you took that shinny hockey merch i tried to give you in boston
i know some clothes i could have used it i could use it right now i'm wearing a fucking
smelly pink whitney jersey that i wore oh boy the chiclets cup keeping it grimy i love it looks good though buddy my
mindsies moment my mindsies moment was and i believe we posted it on spin chiclets um socials
was the the the brawl the big bad junior b brawl that was in bc in the kijhl it was the nelson
leafs versus the beaver valley night nightks. 35 total games of suspensions.
I watched this thing and I'm like, how do you get suspended for like hugging and wrestling a guy?
There wasn't any gloves on the ice.
There was no brawling going on at all.
And we have to call this thing a damn brawl.
What a joke.
This is like I'm piggybacking off of Merle's.
It was like, what is this a clip i saw was
just like 10 guys two and two paired off all over wrestling on the ice like nothing happened in this
brawl that i saw am i wrong yeah that was that was not i was in a bench clearing brawling juniors if
you want to hear this story quickly that this was chaos so the night before our goalie or the weekend before our goalie got in a
fight and he got suspended for a game that his dad was at.
So his dad was all over him.
So fast forward a week later,
we're in a five on five line brawl and other teams goalie goes down to speed
up our goalie.
And he doesn't want to fight because he doesn't want to get suspended and
yell that by his dad.
So they're just,
the goalie is just beating on him like this.
So my dad was the D coach. He sends out our biggest his dad so they're just the goalie's just beating on him like this so my dad was the d coach he sends out our biggest d's like go help the goalie so he skates by their bench as he's skating by they send four guys over the bench to go beat up our one guy
so i'm sitting there i'm the captain i'm like ah fuck it let's go we all jumped the board we're
like let's go boom their whole bench clears that was a brawl
all the gloves are off it's a real brawl i finally get like tired out and i'm up against the glass
like like i'm dead like all right me and the guy already scored four goals you're exhausted we're
done like we're not gonna fight anymore the coaches are swinging sticks at each other they
get done fighting the coach like there's murley somebody get him so these two dudes come flying at me
i immediately turtle and i'm just getting pounded on pounded on so my one buddy z back he comes over
he's crazy i met him i don't know if he can still get in trouble for this but boom kicks the guy
right in the forehead 30 zips across the face across his forehead like this i mean the cops
end up coming the girls on the
pa somebody call 9-1-1 like that was a brawl and this thing went on for i don't know 15 minutes
and i don't think anybody got suspended so they have 35 total games of suspension is just
outrageous for that oh my god there's a video somewhere i gotta find a video and get it on
social media z-hack's to go to jail right now.
Syracuse Junior Crunch versus the Quinney Hawks.
I'll never forget it.
Oh, my God.
That's the craziest thing.
I don't know why he should tell this story,
and then he tells it, and it's just brutal.
He lives in Houston if anyone's looking for him.
Oh, my God.
Earl just got his buddy thrown in the clink, G.
Unbelievable. that's the
craziest story i've heard that is wild oh so brutal brawl way to go guys you're going to the
mindsies like come on come on you're in western canada it's a joke all right we uh let's uh let's
wrap that up moving on now fan favorite segment merrells this is hot we did at the live
show too people like love to hear it our text messages blow up everything gets going g murrells
uh it's time for beer league heroes do we have anything i'll recap what we've done already rule
number one because murrells what are we trying to do this league clean up the leagues trying to
clean it up we're cleaning this joke league up like it's a great league it's almost like the
achha like it's for everyone like we all end up there no matter how good you are or bad you are you
could there's a spot for you and we love it and this is what we're doing merle's trying to get
his boiler trimmed down right now he's going out there sweating it out i love it um shower sheriff
episode one great guy make sure you shower take care of yourself i mean this is you're going home
and your clothes you're i mean what are we doing here you know we're adults let's go clean it up i had
a weird one i gotta add on to the shower sheriff now because last night i played and there's six
shower heads all next to each other and i'm the first guy in and i go to the second to last one
i don't know why i didn't go to the last one i don't know what i was thinking but i end up in
the second you wanted you wanted buddies on either side of you you wanted to be in the last one i don't know why i didn't go to the last one i i don't know what i was thinking but i end up in the second you wanted you wanted buddies on either side of you you wanted to be in
the middle kind of well then the next guy comes in he comes right next to me like shouldn't he like
shouldn't he space down a couple like so we have this huge shower and i'm like this like next to
the guy like i don't know what was going on there yeah it's a crazy move that's that's unacceptable
okay especially when you go almost to the end and there's six.
Yeah.
Right.
So he's got four more showers.
He takes the first one next to you.
I don't get that.
That's yeah.
Come on.
We're adding shower etiquette to the shower etiquette inside the shower.
That's a weird move.
I love that you brought that up.
Number two rule.
We came up with, you know, the, the the beer beer package swindler we called him uh the variety
pack swindler where he kind of saves all the beer when it's your turn to bring it and he pops out
all these like warm beat up beers from his bag that are all miscellaneous pack that he saved
because he's cheap don't be cheap bring the good beer bring the big deal brew right boys
and so our next rule merles number three i'll leave it to you to drop this baby for everyone, because this is legit.
People, we dropped it in the live show.
And I know G is one of these guys.
He keeps saying he's not.
But no wheelie bags.
You can't be an adult bringing your bag in a wheelie bag. bag if my dad came up to me after that show and he was like if you have given off the impression
that i let you use a rolly bag growing up you have failed me as a son did your dad say that to you
yes absolutely are you kidding me oh my god bags boys come on like i i i get why you say that i
get i i see it i see the perception you guys are pros. I'm just a fucking little achaguyo in the corner.
But if I ever fucking used a rolly bag and brought that to the rink,
my dad would have beat the shit out of me.
Even if I asked for it,
he would have beat the shit out of me.
How funny is that?
The long show,
all the great moments.
And the first thing he says to you when he goes,
is you give it off a terrible impression that you're a wheelie bag
guy look at my son over here i got wheelie bag son over here with the rest of them we got 10
boys and this one's wheelie bag kid you see a lot of wheelie bags i'm not gonna lie like clean it up
clean up the wheelie bags and merles we got a great question shouted to us actually when we
dropped that at the live show some guy stands up he goes what about goalies and i and i looked at you and you're like no no not a chance and i thought
you would have some kind of sympathy in your heart for these weird goaltenders with all this gear
and they're old and they're like you know picking up on different teams because there's not enough
goalies but we we agreed no wheelie bags at all at all, right? I like the goalie who's got just a regular bag,
and then he strings up the pads and flips the pads over him.
That's what a beer league goalie is supposed to look like.
Yes, I agree.
Get the wheelie bags out of this league.
If you're going to a game at 11, 11 to 30 at night,
and you're getting out of the car or the truck,
and you're hauling your shit in, and it's on wheels,
get the fuck, turn around, go go back throw it in your thing and just go home you don't deserve to be there if you got a wheel your bag in that if you're if you're making it to that game like
clean this up merles hey yeah but let's hear some more let's hear some more submissions boys let's
hear it all i hope g's dad forgives him for giving off that impression. That's an amazing story. Actually.
Oh, tough.
Look, you know, thinking I'm going to get a congrats, Mike.
I'm so proud of you.
I get a you fucking wheelie bag kid, you piece of shit.
Oh, that's great stuff.
Send us some more stuff that you guys are doing in, in, in, in these leagues all over the place.
We love to hear them.
We got some great stuff last episode from across the world
and some good pictures and some teams.
So we'll move on now.
But we love hearing that stuff.
And I think people like listening to that,
those kind of cool stories.
And I love what Merle's is doing
and cleaning this league up.
And we're trying to help you guys.
But now it's time for a segment
we like to call Riding the Bus.
It's where we get into
all the non-NHL happenings, Merle's.
And I know we have some World Juniors cleanups here we want to do a little bit maybe talk about some prospects prospects
world juniors that was so fun i've had my nephew every day like ask me since is there hockey today
is there hockey today because we had all those afternoon games the best the action around the
holidays unbelievable this year i really got into the juniors.
I think because of all the big name draft prospects.
And I've been very vocal on my Leo Carlson from Sweden, just being the sweet I am.
But Connor Bedard, he put all the show.
He put everything to rest.
Number one, maybe the best prospect of all time.
You won the gold army, Canada.
What did you see?
Yeah, I'll claim it.
I'll claim it.
Of course we did.
I was worried about the checks boys.
And I know G did you, did you shout out the checks, right?
G that's G's call.
The checks and you're a check.
Check.
Yeah.
Sorry.
We should say check.
Yeah.
Yeah.
David, you're a check.
Unbelievable.
Game notes.
We're the, we're the prospects guys.
We're the draft guys. We, we got our, our thumb on the pulse and G you're a check. Unbelievable. Game notes. We're the, we're the prospects guys. We're the draft guys. We,
we got our thumb on the pulse and G had that one check.
I didn't see that coming at all.
Oh, they were just veteran. Weren't they G big body tough to play against,
hang on a pox, create. You're a check. It was just a horse out there.
Just a monster, just a man amongst boys with his game.
I'll be honest though. Like that prediction. Like I,
I said that right after
murrell's had like just gone in depth on basically every other team so it was like that's all i had
left and it's like i couldn't reek they were like all right gee what do you think and i'm like well
i can't recap what exactly what he just said about america canada and sweden so i'm just
gonna throw the checks out there and jeer checks the only guy i know on that team so
hopefully it hopefully it back it doesn't backfire and it didn't yeah they were they were tough but
down to nothing came back battled back tied up they did that a few times in the tournament that
of course it's like it's juniors right so it's there's lots of ups and downs there's lots of
peaks and valleys through games with these guys and it was unbelievable but looking at let's look
at uh you want to talk prospects a little bit more or should we just keep talking about padard
and like the numbers that he cranked out of there because i think yeah i mean it's he
just stole the show i mean the fantilly kid he kind of got dropped down in the lineup so
didn't really see what i wanted to see out of him i know you tweeted out too you wanted to see him
you wanted to see fantilly right you guys were interested in seeing what he looked like interested
in seeing him um he wasn't in the world Juniors, which we got to talk about that.
There's some controversy that these Bedard records shouldn't count
or really aren't that impressive because Russia wasn't there.
And, you know, like Mishkov wasn't there.
And so instead of playing Russia, they got to play Austria, you know,
which is.
Oh, yeah.
OK, I can see that.
They're a superpower.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's actually a great point to bring up totally you know i don't want to be debbie downer after the tournament the kid had but some are saying that not me some are saying that we're
saying it but yeah he set all these records unbelievable i got something i'm hearing about
bedard too that came onto my plate rumor boys rumor boys, rumor boys. I'm hearing that, you know, we just saw the Olin Zellweger,
defenseman for Team Canada, traded from Everett Silver Tips
to Kamloops Blazers for like, it was insane.
A couple players, four years of first-round picks,
four second-round picks, and like, I don't know how many,
like the picks are absolutely insane.
I got it right here.
Four years of first-round picks, two second rounders in years 23 and 26, a third, a fourth,
a fifth, a sixth, over four years and four players.
And I'm hearing you can't trade school age guys unless they ask for a trade is the thing.
So hence the picks are going like crazy, like mad.
But that's like a boatload.
So think about what Bedard would get.
And this is where I'm going.
I'm hearing Bedard isn't going to be moved, will not be traded.
And I'm hearing it's because the owner there wants to hear Regina
Patz, Connor Bedard at the draft number one overall.
And that's it.
Think of what you could get for Bedard.
How are you not going to move this guy?
I think they're kind of a bubble playoff team but like is that what you're doing like what are you
so valuable though i mean as like recruiting like just like for for 50 years that video will be
playing of gary batman going up there and saying conor badard the first overall selection regina
pats and we talked about this on chicklets too, is like, think about how much
money they're bringing in just every
night people are coming to watch this kid
like he is financially
he could help any
team in the community. He helps all the leagues.
He's like Crosby. Remember when
Crosby was rolling through, packing every
rink? That's what Bedard's doing right now
at West. And you still see Crosby in the
Rimouski jersey and you hear Rimouski so that's what what he's probably thinking too he doesn't want to see him in another
team yeah imagine like you probably a rival with uh who was your team red deer rebels he doesn't
ever want to see he doesn't want to let them have a picture of bedard in a red deer rebels jersey
maybe so this is what you do you just make the agreement like we're going to trade you for like you know an entire prospect pool for like the next five years
and all you have to do in agreeance to trade you to move you to a team that you can go win a
memorial cup is when you get drafted just mention the pats as many times as you can can i get this
in writing hey does that sound fair is that stupid i don't know sounds know. Sounds fair to me. Yeah, I think.
And if that's happening, that's crazy.
But anyways, he came out of World Juniors.
Was he done?
No.
Six points, four goals against the Calgary Hitmen.
Take that, Calgary.
Well, read your Rebel Nemesis.
And two of them were shorthanded, 13 shots.
So, Dard's just ripping it up.
I got one more little thing for you here, boys.
In the SJ, Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League,
back where I'm from, the North Battle for North are 29 0 and 2 record right now uh and i'm
guessing with a record like that and being from the sj and not some junior league in bc if they're
getting in a brawl that team's dropping the middies 100 they're dropping the middies it's old school
it's on shout out to the north battle for North stars and the SJ,
the boys are getting her done.
I think their head coach is from Humboldt too.
So kind of just outside Saskatoon where I am,
but they're doing damage right now in the SJ.
Anything else there,
boys?
No,
I think that's good.
I like talking to juniors and stuff.
We'll keep an eye on all these guys for the,
for the upcoming draft.
And maybe we can even do a little draft preview show, or maybe even put some boots on the ground at the draft this this summer there's rumors of uh
and we can cut this if we need to but there's rumors of uh a certain vodka company potentially
sending a certain secondary chiclets podcast to the frozen four to watch a little collegiate hockey wow that's on the table
as well i just sat and that's in tampa bay boys that's in tampa bay let's go i saw are we getting
on the jet skis boys easy i just went to rpi saw rpi colgate play great game the other night i
caught you main was traveling through my good friend benny bar head
coach i caught the practice there and i can tell you one thing like these guys are so much better
than i was in college these kids are flying around nowadays every kid is good like when our college
team you could see first line and fourth fifth line it was a huge difference now all these kids
are just buzzing.
It's an exciting game.
I had a great time watching RBI play.
Are you recognized around there when you head back there as the old captain?
The legend is your jersey up.
You got a picture everywhere there.
Yeah, there's a picture.
It was actually really cool as I brought my daughter for the first time. And there's a NHL alumni wall.
And she's going up to the picture.
That's you, daddy.
That's you, daddy. that's cool that's real
cool that was really cool she was huge smile and then we got some pictures and uh yeah we had a
great time and yeah i still have some fans there nice they're all like mathematicians
after that after the trip from boston i needed to be pumped up again. I was down in the withdrawal and the rehab from that trip,
and I needed a little pump up and went over there.
It was cool.
And now you know why Merle's is the gambling EBR guy?
Because the numbers game and RPI and just the tradition of big brains
that come out of there, right?
Is that majorly what it's known for?
So did you feel like less than rubbing
shoulders with the people around campus a little bit or you feel like you're still like you still
got it i still got it yeah you look up in the rafters and you see joe juno's name and adam
oates name and i'm like damn it i didn't i didn't live up to it all i didn't get my name up there
they gotta get your name up there let's do let Let's do let's get that. Let's get that going.
Can we get that going?
Merles to the rafters at RPI.
Merles to the rafters.
Maybe we make a couple of T-shirts and we'll start dishing them out at frat houses at RPI.
Yeah, let's go.
Merles to the rafters.
Let's get that going.
Campaign starting now.
Chicklets game notes.
Merles to the rafters.
RPI.
It doesn't have to be next to Oates and Juno.
Stick it in the corner off to the side, but he's got to get in the rafters number 19 captain what if they just threw an ebr banner
up there that's what we'll get up there before my number 19 ebr flag just a giant flag hanging
just hang the t-shirt just hang the blue ebr t-shirt oh brilliant g that's just
that's gold all right we'll move on from riding the bus and and i'm
going to try something new this is the new thing i just kind of thought of and i thought i think
it would be fun um if it stinks we can cut it out gee if not we'll keep it in but i i want to try
this new segment called boys trip story of the month uh and it's kind of on the lines of when
your beer league season's over or you know you got a bachelor party or doing a golf trip say to palm springs or what have you and just kind of come the hijinks
that kind of lead to that as we all know we're we're we're idiots when we all get together and
and you know looking to have good times and a story i heard to kick it off and we can build
on this as we go and people can send us other stuff in as well from the lunacy that happens heard a
story of a of a boy's trip guy's trip that went to san diego and um they went to like some day
bar like a day club have you guys ever been one of those things like a day club love me a nice day
club yeah like okay explain a day club to me i i don't know if i've ever done it i may have done
it i just don't know what it is you got pools you got loud music and you got it's just kind of like a vegas like miami it's like miami or okay vegas pool park i've done
that that's yeah those are sick but they went to like a nice try army pretending you haven't been
to a pool well i didn't know it was called a day a day club i didn't know that's what you called it
i just went to a pool party like ripped it up yeah uh total sketchy day club though it was like it was
like really sketchy like awful like breaking bad in that neighborhood you know and it's like uh
they're boozing they're all mangled they're crazy they got tickets to go to the padres game they
showed up to the padres game all like having a blast cashing their tickets they get in they go
get beers they come and sit down they don't know how they got in. They don't know why they got let in.
Cause they had no clue.
They're all horny to see this game.
It's seven, one in the seventh inning.
They literally, they paid for tickets.
They got all rippled up at a, at a day.
That's amazing.
And that's just like, so guys trip ask of, of hijinks and things that happen.
And, uh, I hope we can hear more stuff
but have you guys ever done anything like crazy like that like we're just like whoa we lost track
of time this is insane on a golf trip or anything i just like to move because they can all go home
and say they went to the game when the wife asked so there's you check the box yeah we went to the
game it was it was awesome you got the ticket stub merles yeah there you go
yeah prove everything even if you don't go yeah you got the receipts that's a great move for all
the fellas out there yeah keep the receipts keep the ticket stub crumple it up rip it a little bit
so it looks like you went to the game you're getting up and down a lot uh so that's a segment
maybe we could build on that as we go here as we get going on this is only our third episode merles uh and that's i mean i think that's it for us a good one yeah probably a little long but uh
you know we had ra on to talk some extra picks it was a big time for riding on the bus with the
world junior so probably a little long but uh i had a lot of a lot of fun talking catching up with
you guys and i look forward to the next one. When is it?
It's February 2nd, I believe, right, G?
February 2nd.
That's the plan.
Should be in Florida around then, so maybe.
Let me ask you about that.
Let me ask you about that.
Have we made announcements on, like, we're going there?
What are we doing?
What's happening?
Am I coming?
Is Merle going to be?
Yeah, you guys will all be there.
We'll all be at the All-Star game.
We have not announced where we will be and what we will be doing, but we'll be there we'll all be at the all-star game uh well we we have not
announced where we will be and what we will be doing but we'll be there same thing as normal
we'll be throwing a couple parties drinking some pink whitney drinking some big deals
and of course interviewing some all-stars so we'll be a blast anytime there isn't a
a work obligation you will find me at the elbow room army yeah there you go yeah lauderdale classic bar right on the beat fort
lickerdale what a spot i mean this season is unreal pittsburgh boston then we're going fort
lickerdale oh god yeah and then tampa maybe for ncaa in the near future keep keep an eye on that
if we have to do that i'll wait tell me and you both need the tan army oh yeah i gotta get down
in the sun i I got to get,
I got to get jet ski body going.
I got to get working out.
I got to get Peloton.
I got to get crushing stuff,
uh,
get rid of the boiler,
but that's it boys.
Episode three,
chicklets game notes.
Thanks for jumping on.
Thanks for catching the fever.
Gee,
thanks for getting it all together and running it.
Merle safe trip home back to Sweden.
Uh,
I know you're heading back.
Thanks for coming in for the holidays. It was great catching up and seeing everybody in boston the whole
chicklets crew barstool people everyone that put that on stay tuned for more as we come at you
merles yeah thanks buddy thanks i love you bud hey though hey though bye-bye
