Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Here we go. Game Notes, Chicklets Game Notes, Episode 7, presented by Muggsy. Muggsy Jeans,
unbelievable. We got Murr. We got the wit jumping in on this episode.
Thank you, wit, for joining us.
Obviously, we're in playoff heaven right now.
Just lunatic central with hockey.
Unbelievable games.
I want to do first before we get to the hockey, though.
We haven't done a Chicklets game notes in a while, Murr, right?
No, we've been off.
Well, I had that three-week bender in us from the frozen four our last episode was with coach
benny bar how much has your guys life changed because that was prior to the hit sensation of
game notes daily oh game notes daily is taken on to you by the score and you two crushing it every
day at noon i've hopped on, I think, three or four times.
I love it. But you guys were on the boat.
Had you
been in Tampa now after Game Notes
Dale, you would have been given that boat
for free. Grinnelli wouldn't have had to pay
shit for that. You guys have reached
a different level. You know what? We would
have gladly paid for it
after our gambling winnings over this
time. We're flush with cash.
We are, or you guys are, lightning red hot.
I, on the other hand, you said playoff heaven.
If the Dallas Stars, there's 14 minutes left in the second period,
lose this game, I'm in playoff hell.
Because I got everything in my bank roll on Barstool Sportsbook,
riding on Dallas to win the series,
and then I hammered him in game two also.
So I digress.
Well, what is that?
Merle, what is that?
Merle rule, EBR rule number five?
Rule number five, yeah.
If you lose home game number one, you hammer him rule number two.
The Leafs just screwed us on it,
but Dallas is going to take care of us and get us even.
We're going to get to the Leafs.
We're going to get to the Leafs event We're going to get to the Leafs event.
Oh, are we ever. The fucking Leafs.
Don't get me wrong.
The fucking Leafs. One time I
believed in them today. I believed
in them. I believed that they would
get it done. Don't get me wrong.
I see your like
rage forming in your face right now.
Anyways, I want to talk to you about
you guys. Let's recap some of the
stuff we've been over. Merle, because it's been a whirlwind.
Witty, you two. I mean,
Chicklets community, Chicklets
Nation. I know Game Notes Daily
is unbelievable with the chat. I've been
fucking hammering the chat. I love the chat.
You're hammering yourself to the
chat, I think. You're obsessed with the chat.
You're going to turn that guy.
Sing me into an international superstar.
He's a legend.
Thank you.
Sing me.
Thank you to everyone.
We get like, I like, I've never gotten so popular as this chat and this show.
I'm not even lying.
My DMS, my messages, everything.
Instagram.
It's it's that's because you're giving people winners.
Yeah.
Winners. And we're interacting, though. And it's it's that's because you're giving people winners yeah winners
and we're interacting though and it's been so fun to interact merles um that that ncaa let's go back
to that because we didn't really talk about that i know you went on a couple chicklets episodes and
you explained about the quinnipiac booth that you got us into with you got to hear about this back
at the ncaa frozen ford Tampa, by the way, epic event,
unbelievable event.
Benny bar was awesome.
But like we went to these games and we were with,
we were with these guys,
these Quinnipiac guys,
this booth Merrill's.
How did we get in there?
How did this happen?
He's an EBR guy.
He was following our picks.
He won a ton of money with the EBR picks.
He wanted to pay us back.
We,
we had a couple of common friends and Blake Pickett from RBI knew him.
Did his dude play at Quinnipiac?
He played at Quinnipiac, but he lives in Columbia now.
Columbia.
Chris White.
I'll give him a shout-out.
Shout-out to Chris White.
He looks like a little.
I'm sure R.A. was hanging.
He looks like a mini Stephen Stamkos.
My kid.
Yeah, he did.
I had my kid there.
He thought he was talking to Stamkos.
Meanwhile, he's talking to Chris White like ex-Quinipiac.
He's like the Walmart Steve Stamkos.
It was wild.
So then we get there.
He sends me the tickets online, and we storm into this box.
We're watching the first game.
BU.
Who was BU playing?
Minnesota.
Waxed.
So we're sitting there.
We have the whole box to ourselves.
These guys aren't showing up.
So we order a case of beer.
We start boozing.
And these guys don't show up for the game.
Like, oh, this is kind of cool.
Got a private box.
Then all of a sudden, before the Quinnipiac game, 15 people come storming in this box.
And it was on, as always, in the Chicklets box.
It was mayhem.
It was mayhem, buddy.
These guys were just wired, like just cranked.
They said they gave a ticket to a guy off the street.
He came in.
He's like, hey.
He had like a fake name tag on it.
It said Quinnipiac alumni on his thing.
It was nuts.
First time the guy's had a roof over his head in months.
He's in the box with you guys.
That's when our hot gambling started, though, by the way,
because we took Minnesota minus one and a half,
and then we took Quinnipiac Moneyline.
We crushed it.
We crushed it, and I took Quinnipiac to win the whole thing,
underdogs both games, and that's kind of just,
we've been on fire ever since. And honestly since then I'm like on TNT we got this new show we're live
streaming and new you guys are buzzing we're buzzing morals is crushing blogs out with
pics like people can't get enough honestly it's been honestly an electric ride since
honestly since the frozen four it's been honestly an electric ride. Honestly, since the Frozen Four, it's been absolutely electric.
Never mind that we're going to mix in that NYPD, FDNY game that we went to.
I got to go to Borelli's.
I met him and his dad.
That was awesome.
Dinner, we did the pod there.
But the game was just electric.
The game was insane.
And I talked to Adam Hall.
Remember Halsey? He played with Adam Hall. I was talking to him he lives in tampa yeah yeah he lives in tampa now so i was talking to
him tonight he's like yeah they're trying to clean that game up i thought like less fights
no no no no no way do you well i guess compare i guess compared to when there was like 10 fights
uh 10 years ago they have but it's still not exactly like a clean and friendly family environment.
I don't want to say this.
If you haven't seen the game,
I want to tell everybody to go back and watch it on Chicklets YouTube.
Is that where we would see it?
Is that where we'd find it on Chicklets YouTube?
And there's Merle's or here's G.
G's the guy.
G, what's up, G?
Yeah, you can watch the whole game right now on the Chicklets YouTube.
We got behind the scenes vlogs of the game but it was just an overall experience unbelievable experience
every city we go to now everyone is like nypd fdny you got to do that in our city yeah it was it was
incredible yeah it was awesome shout out to barstool shout out to everyone involved i mean i
was on a panel on the i was doing intermissions with Big Cat, like Rico Bosco
came up there.
I go down to the green room, Frank, the tanks in there chilling.
This is fucking hilarious.
And Wittenbiz with the most epic color analyst play by play call you could get on a game.
You guys made it so electric.
I appreciate that.
It was the most fun thing I've done since Chicklets began.
And I know. so we're recording.
I mean, it's going to be Friday in whatever, 40 minutes.
And you got a 6 a.m. flight because you're between the benches for Carolina,
Jersey tonight.
And, dude, that is the coolest thing.
After playing in the NHL, you miss it so much.
You miss the guys. You miss the guys.
You miss the room.
That's as close as you can get, right?
This was FDNY, NYPD.
Boom.
Hold on.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Fucking right, Jamie Benn.
Only guy, like one of the few guys in the league without a visor.
Just a legend.
You see him going like this for EBR rule number five.
Yeah, he did that.
One thing, guys,
about the NYPD-FDNY game, though,
I think is real cool is,
Witt, you kind of changed
the broadcast and the fly
for the good.
You texted me about two minutes
into the game,
and you were like,
I want to be a part
of the broadcast.
Because how we originally
had it planned was
you were more of a Pierre Maguire,
not a Ray Ferraro.
You know what I mean?
Where we were just sending to you for hits. No, no, no, Pierre Maguire did that. Pierre Maguire, not a Ray Ferraro. You know what I mean? We were just sending to you for hits.
No, no, no, Pierre Maguire did that.
Pierre Maguire, he was in between the benches guy.
Yeah, but they were more sending for him for hits
as opposed to him joining the play-by-play.
No, they weren't.
Okay, well, regardless, I just thought you changing that as a sponsored element.
The plan was to throw it down to me once, maybe twice a period
for me to give something.
But I was like, no, no, no.
The guy in between the benches has to be able to be like,
oh, yeah, right there, you guys missed a little thing I saw.
And they were able to switch it up on the fly.
And that became great because Biz would throw it down to me.
And Jake Marsh, first time doing hockey, he crushed it.
He's great.
So it made for a great event.
It really did.
I really appreciate you guys coming.
You guys were like vibing off each other, you and Biz.
Like, just like, that's the way it was supposed to be.
I remember I was sitting up there.
I'm like, Witt's got to get involved.
He's got to get in.
I think I sent you a couple texts too from where I was up.
Yeah, and I go, dude, I can't until they throw it down.
No, that was a crazy setup, but I'm glad they fixed it on the fly.
Credit to everyone involved in that production because doing a game is just,
it's not easy.
And like the manpower involved in that and like kind of the planning and
everything that goes into it.
And I was on those production calls and those meetings.
Like it was, it was like,
it was like I'm doing a real game with a real network.
So credit to everyone involved.
It was, it was was it was fucking electric
and gee you were down on ice level man you should have seen like murr you were up there for a bit
before he started doing interviews all over the place you were involved in the crowd by the way
epic that's harder than it looks like just interviewing random people how crazy was it
up on that perch where we are our like analyst desk was it was like i think that was the coolest part is like,
that's what draws everyone in.
And that's what originally drawn me in the first time is like how crazy the
crowd is.
It's like,
it's all just boozed up firefighter families,
police families,
and they just come to hat.
They start tailgating early and it was just an absolute blast.
Yeah.
I didn't see a single grownup without one of those giant oil cans full of big deal brew. Zidano, big deal was just an absolute blast. I didn't see a single grown-up without one of those giant oil cans
full of Big Deal Brew.
Zidano, Big Deals.
Everybody was liquored up.
I was mad. They were on draft there
at UBS, and I forgot to get one
because we walked right down after the post-game
show, but I still haven't had a Big Deal
Brewing on draft. I'm a draft beer guy.
That's awesome.
Pause your stream for
three seconds okay thanks go ahead army sorry he's a little ahead of me i gotta be on the same
i'm in the future over here that's why i'm always good with the live picks
i love it but what what a great production what a great performance by everyone involved honestly
top to bottom uh did it our own way and made it fun and cool.
And I think everyone loved it.
I think, you know, just interacting with the firefighters
and police officers down there.
Those guys laid on the line for us, honestly,
and made a hell of a game.
It was going to be a blowout, and they revived it.
Gee, you're in London, Ontario.
Holy shit.
You're in, like, the mecca of junior hockey cities. Like tell us
about this experience. Did you get out tonight? Yeah. So just a wild, wild experience start to
finish. So I, I woke up this morning, went to the airport 6am sitting at the airport and I wake up.
I mean, I, I look up and I see this guy across the terminal, just staring at me with a big smile on his face.
And I'm like, who the fuck is this?
It's Scotty Gomez.
So me and Gomez had a nice chat.
He told me probably 15 stories in the hour and a half flight.
And I know one thing.
That's a sign.
Jersey Jerry, the signs.
I'm betting the devil's tomorrow.
But then we get up to
london and i get here and i get a text from brad jones who he kind of runs hockey fest and that's
chick who the company who really runs the chicklets cup and he's like you're gonna be on an intermission
panel tonight uh in between the leafs game with curtis joseph d, R.A., and yourself.
And I'm like, come on.
You're just setting me up for failure.
So that was tonight already? You did that?
Yeah, we did it tonight.
Yeah, me and R.A.
How was it?
Two Leafs legends and R.A. and G.
It was a blast.
I mean, we had Rick from Red Deer in the crowd,
so we were taking crowd questions, and we didn't really get many questions. It was every single. I mean, we had Rick from Red Deer in the crowd, so we were taking crowd questions,
and we didn't really get many questions.
It was every single question was for Gilmore and Cujo.
All right, tell us about Shorzy season one.
That's exactly what was happening.
So the guy who was hosting would have to jump in
and just be like, all right,
these two assholes are sitting up here by themselves.
Let me just ask them a question.
So finally, Rick from Red Deer jumped in and asked RA to do a warthog.
And we got that.
So that was pretty funny.
But London, Ontario is an awesome time.
Home of Mimsy.
So I've been get to hang with Mimsy for the past two days.
And I'm going to London Knights game tomorrow.
So I'm very excited for that.
Never been to a CHL game.
So very excited, boys.
Yeah.
And I heard that London rinks.
Awesome.
I heard that it's going to be for you there. It's going to be like an NHL game. Yeah, we went. We did camp there. Yeah. And I heard that London rinks. Awesome. I heard that it's going to be for you there.
It's going to be like an NHL game.
Yeah, we went.
We did camp there.
Yeah.
Remember?
So I'll never forget this because I didn't play in that game that we played there for
camp.
So like we went for like we went out for like dinner kind of like and then walked over to
Bud's Gardens.
That was called Bud's Gardens, I think, or something.
Bud's Gardens Arena. Bud Gardens Gardens. That was called Bud's Gardens, I think, or something. Bud's Gardens Arena.
Bud Gardens Arena.
And we went in there and it's like, you know,
we were in a box and hanging out and everything.
And then after we went for drinks after the game,
I won't forget because we went to West Point after.
Remember we went to West Point for like one week,
like team bonding, team building thing.
But we were at the bar and I'll never forget Noel Welch.
He's like hey
army do this like fiery shot and i never did a flaming shot before but i i let it like light on
it lit he lit on fire and i and i blew it out after a while and then i did it but like by the
time the fire was raging the rim of the shot glass got wicked hot so i had like i had like a joker burn scars on my face
and i remember going to the bus the next day because we're going to we're going to west point
i'm like oh shit i got these like shot burn scars on my lips like what am i gonna do pretend i got
a high stick i didn't play the game last night what am i doing i've never done one of those
it was the first time last time i mean fuck that how do you not burn yourself i don't know right away i don't know you drink it when
it's still on fire do you blow it i don't know if i did it right even i don't know
gee you tell me i don't know those can't be those can't be like legal anymore you can't be seeing
those often at bars anymore no or people we could have cigarettes in the bars that was nuts yeah that was like everyone
everyone man you have to throw your outfit away every man for himself back then with the old
burn scars seattle scored i didn't see that i didn't see it i didn't want to interrupt that
that story about the flaming shot yeah who scored who scored did you see i didn't even see i had to
come back to your story. Two on one.
Oh, no.
Now they're going to score again.
There's another one.
I'm a little behind you guys with my stream here.
But yeah, flaming shot.
London, Ontario.
I'll never forget.
Gee, enjoy yourself there.
That's absolutely epic.
The Joker.
The Joker.
Yeah.
Memesy is going to go nuts with this one.
Make Memesy do one in video at first.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Get me.
His hair.
Give us a
give us a
do it a shot
of fresh.
I took
I got this
shot and it
was covered
in flames
like the guy
lit it on fire
and then like
I blew the fire
out with
but I didn't
I think I waited too long
and I put the shot glass up
and all of a sudden my perm caught fire
and I think I got third degree burns on my scalp with it.
It's perfect.
That's all right, Mimsy.
Get him next time.
Legend.
Who's the legend?
Greatest Mimsy impression legend? He still has his meme
thumb. His one of his thumbs
is fucked up. It's crazy.
Remember he wouldn't let us put the picture
up? He's like, no, man, don't put
that picture up. My mom
said I need to get surgery on
it. Don't even, she'll see.
I love that guy. I love your
imitation of him. It just kills me. The first time you did a meme. I love your imitation of him.
It just kills me.
The first time you did a meme. I guess people would have to hear him talk.
I think Memesy is destined to come on Game Notes daily and give some.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know how he hasn't been.
I'm crying right now from the Memesy thing.
He's a guy who likes to stay behind the scenes.
He likes to stay hidden in the shadows.
I was texting him for clips of Biz talking about guaranteeing win game five.
I don't know if you remember that.
I was like, hey, get me that clip when they lose this game.
And I was like, wait, Memes, you're in London.
Are you a Leafs fan?
I forgot.
He's like, no, but I'm with a bunch of Leafs fans at the bar.
I'm a Wings guy.
When do you think they'll be good again?
Next year.
Next year is the Wings year.
You think so?
Yeah, I think so.
That's big coming from you.
I thought they were going to sneak in this year.
If they didn't lose those two games to Ottawa there in Ottawa,
they wouldn't have sold everybody off,
and they probably would have snuck in.
And then the Bruins would still be alive.
He wouldn't have bought guys anyways or gotten guys anyways,
but who knows?
But I mean, how about they didn't get their over points this year?
They missed by like a point.
That was a win all year to the last month.
That was my big play of the year.
All right, everybody.
Before we go any further, this episode is brought to you by Mugsy Jeans,
the most comfortable jeans, chinos, and joggers ever made.
Perfect for guys with thick thighs and big behinds.
The stretch, the softness, the flexibility are life-changing.
I should know.
They're perfect for hockey players.
Made from buttery soft patented stretch materials
that look stylish but are insanely comfortable.
They're frankly the best thing to happen to legs since chairs.
Never in human history have legs been so spoiled by pure softness and comfort
while looking so damn good effortlessly.
Hands down the greatest jeans, chinos, and joggers ever made.
And they're 10 off now using code CHICKLETS at Mugsy.com.
The 10 off absolutely ridiculous comfort that will cause you to never wear anything else ever again.
And oh yeah, they're fully backed by 100 comfort guarantee, meaning every single order gets free shipping and free returns if they don't fit or whatever.
Try out a pair of wrist-free today and see why tens of thousands of guys have changed their lives with Mugsy.
Use code CHICKSLITS at Muggsy.com for 10 off.
Well, let's get to the action tonight, boys.
Let's get to this Leafs debacle.
Down two at home tonight.
3-2, massive win by the Panthers.
This team just will not go away.
They're just savages.
They're just coming at you, coming at you.
They're just relentless.
Bobrovsky's back. He got help from his post. there's a lot of action tonight but a close game they had a two nothing
lead boys exactly I mean two nothing you get you go ahead foot scores you get your foot scores you
get a depth goal like what else do you need you know what you need you need to not turn the puck over at your defensive blue line that's what you
you can't do and they did it twice in a minute to start the second period yeah they had a nice
game going and all of a sudden Nylander like and by the way Nylander was phenomenal he could have
had four goals five goals like you said Bob is Bob they're going to win the cup if Bob plays like this.
They're fucking  Merle said it.
They're like the 2012 Kings who barely got in the playoffs
and then ran over the one, two, and three seed in the East
and crushed it all the way to the finals.
That's what they are.
No, they were beating those teams in like five games, I think.
Remember, they just like didn't lose.
But I just, Poprovsky right now, he's insane.
He's absolutely stealing games.
And Samsonov on the other side, too.
Like, he's playing great.
Because there was a shift.
I think it was the second period.
I tweeted it out.
There was a 40-second time of the offensive zone play for Florida.
They could have had six goals.
Samsonov was great.
And then how about after?
Did you see what Samsonov said?
I was just going to bring that up.
Can we run that clip or put the quote up?
Bobrovsky is playing at the level he's playing at in the series.
Do you feel like that's a challenge to you?
You have to raise your game?
I don't give a f.
Why not?
It doesn't matter for me.
I'm doing my work.
He's doing his work.
So, like, you hear, I don't give a f, whatever.
And then the reporter's like, why?
Yeah.
Good follow-up.
That's something I would have followed up with.
Yeah, yeah.
What else are you supposed to follow?
Oh, why?
It was actually the perfect question. So, I don't know. I mean,. Yeah. What else are you supposed to follow? Oh, it was actually the perfect question.
So I don't know.
I mean,
like what the hell are the Leafs doing?
You know what it is?
I know it.
I've said this for five years with this team.
It's style of play.
You have good players.
They want to hang on to pucks.
They want to do the five foot dinky breakout passes.
They never want to give it up.
They live and die by possession.
Their possession, their possession numbers, the possession.
No one gives a shit if you have possession numbers.
Do you win or do you not win?
Okay.
Can you get in the offensive zone and maintain possession down there?
That's another hold on a question.
Can you get out of your own end or can you live to fight another day when it gets hard?
That is what it is
this is playoff hockey this isn't like dinky doinky like breakout like keeping pucks on your stick and
being heroes okay your style is not going to win you games in the playoffs your style is going to
lose you games it makes you get turnovers it it forces you into bad areas of the ice. It forces guys into bad situations by trying to hang on to it
and get out cleanly all the time.
It just doesn't happen all the time, especially when you've got a team
like who they played before, Tampa.
They struggled.
They couldn't get out of their end.
They dodged a bullet.
Tampa dominated for a lot of that series.
Don't forget that.
They got through it.
for a lot of that series.
Don't forget that.
You know, they got through it,
but how about not only is what you're saying true in terms of always looking for the perfect play
and always trying to be cute,
but on the opposite end, Florida,
they literally just chip it off the glass.
I know.
It is an underrated skill to be able to have it,
chip it off the glass, high flip it out,
make sure it's not icing. All right, let's go get it back. Let's go fight another day. And then what they do it, chip it off the glass, high flip it out, make sure it's not icing.
All right, let's go get it back.
Let's fight another day.
And then what they do is they chip it off the glass,
and then by the time it gets to the defenseman,
the forward's running him into the glass,
and then all of a sudden it gets in the offensive zone.
They're wearing him out.
Yeah, it's playoff hockey.
Just get the puck out.
Get the puck out.
Yeah, you want to have speed.
You want to get Matthews and Nylander and Marner, the puck and speed. Like, at times, you're just going to go off the glass and out. Get the puck out. Yeah, you want to have speed. You want to get Matthews and Nylander and Marner, the puck
and speed. At times, you're just going to go
off the glass and out. But
I couldn't believe Merle saw
the clip at the end when
they're trying to tie it. And Jake
McCabe, he's got the puck
right in front of Bobrovsky
and he just does this little
pass to Matthews. What did he do there?
I don't know.
They should have won that game by five or six goals.
Nylander himself hit the five post.
Matthews was sniffing around everywhere all night.
Goalie Bob stole the show.
It's really unbelievable,
and that's why they make me think of the Kings.
Jonathan Quick was so good,
and like you guys are just talking about,
LA played a simple game back then.
They would chip it in.
They had some big bodies.
They would just wear you down.
And I don't see any chance of the Leafs
coming back from down 2-0 on this team.
Like they're just,
it's just going to get harder for them
the more games they got to play against this team.
Not to mention that they've banned Canadian citizens
from buying tickets to the games in Florida.
That is just, what a move by the Panthers.
And they're smart enough to know it'll be.
I mean, I think there was tons of Bruins fans and the Leafs fans.
They travel.
Oh, yeah.
I remember playing the Leafs in Edmonton.
And Army, you saw it being on the Leafs.
Everywhere you go, there's tons of Leafs fans.
It's like 50-50.
They can't wait to see their Leafs play in other cities.
And those are like the psycho, like deprived of seeing the Leafs
in their lives, fans that like want to travel.
They're like the real fans of the Leafs that are like born and bred
and grew up watching like it on TV.
Those are like not just getting corporate tickets to go to the game.
Those are like the real people that are just insane.
So they have a mountain climb, man.
They got to go back down there.
You just said it.
You said it.
The real, the blue collar, I guess, the Leafs diehards that aren't even
apparently at the games in Toronto because this place is so quiet
and dead.
It's like watching a game on TV.
It is noticeably
quiet in there. Even when
we went up 2-0, it was buzzing in there
at the beginning, but Florida makes it
2-1 and then all of a sudden it's like the whole
third period. I didn't hear any juice.
I didn't hear any passion
getting going. Where are the Go Leafs
go chants? Maybe I missed them and maybe the
TNT broadcast, you're not catching necessarily
the crowd noise, but
to me, it seemed awfully
library-ish in there tonight.
Yeah, nothing like Vegas last
night when the Oilers got
it handed to them.
It's
night time! Got it handed to him. It's nighttime.
I love that tune.
There we go.
There we go.
Oh, Pavelski again.
3-1.
Pav in front with the white stick.
Classic Pavelski.
38 years old.
Five goals in a game and a half for him.
I mean, these segues are just making themselves.
Pavelski with the four-goal game the other night.
We were just about to talk about Dreisaitl and his four-goal game.
But I'm thinking.
Oh, wait.
One more thing on the Leafs.
I would love to know.
Did you see the clip of Dubas flipping out and throwing the water bottle?
No, I missed that one.
He's up in the booth and he's like watching the play.
And then he's like, what the fuck?
He turns around and fires a water bottle.
I feel like I've seen that every other season, though.
I know.
But I just wanted to know.
I'm sure Canadian media will be able to figure it out,
and it'll get out what play he was doing that over.
Somebody was saying it was when McCabe didn't shoot it,
but I'd like to get when the GM is noticeably that physically upset
over a certain play that happened in the game.
But, yeah, the Leafs are in one.
It's a question probably more for Biz,
but if they get swept by the eighth seed in the second round,
does that first round win really count?
That's what I said.
It's after they won.
I gave them the credit, I said.
I think I said if they go get waxed by the Panthers is this like
a successful like I think biz will
be like no that's great man we got out of the first
round next year we'll get out of the second
round that'll
be business spin zone on this look at my
boy shanner three shots on
goal four hits one block
oops five
giveaways
one of them led to a goal 18 minutes of ice i think he's just
been so good with morgan riley but um there's no question like his his ability and his play
and like we looked at him we looked at the factor we look at like some of the guys that they brought
in achari you know some of these bodies that could be difference makers in this series, especially against Tampa 1, yes.
And then now this team that's just like,
they have like, this Panthers team has rabies.
They got rabies.
Biz said they're hyenas in the forecheck.
They are.
They're hyenas with rabies.
Panthers with rabies.
They're rabied Panthers.
Foaming at the mouth.
And you know what? Kachuk's white mouth guard he chews on. That's like the rabies. Panthers with rabies. They're rabied panthers. Foaming at the mouth. And you know what?
Kachuk's white mouth guard he chews on.
That's like the foam.
That's the foam.
He's going full Frank the Tank chewing on his mouth guard.
Just going crazy.
I mean, unbelievable.
I got to hand it to the Panthers.
They've been exciting to watch.
Bob has found his game.
They built off of the first round win, battling back, being this team.
People, you've got to recognize what they're doing, right?
You've got to recognize this.
Sean Avery, maybe the biggest Leafs hater in the entire world,
had a clip of Cousins.
Real piece of shit to play.
Bennett knocked out Nyes.
Nyes left the game.
And Bennett knocked him out behind the net.
I don't really know exactly what happened there.
But the other clip of Cousins, they dump it in.
He just comes around the wall.
He runs over Kerfoot.
And then he's just staring at him as he skates away.
I'm like, this team's a problem.
They're just an absolute problem.
And if Bob's playing like this, you can't tell me that it's not possible that
they win the stanley cup it's just it is what it is they're flying around dummying everyone
scoring big goals kachuk a beautiful assist on the game winner by forcing who's he's underrated
nobody every time he shoots nobody can hit you know how they throw up like the the hard
how hard your shot is and behind the net.
Like, you know, they do that.
Oh, yeah.
He's like 65.
No, no.
He he he pounds it.
Oh, he does.
He pounds it, man.
It's like 90 every time.
Oh, shit.
He pounds it.
He's sweet.
So does Gutis.
Gutis had the hardest shot recorded like in a game this year.
I think he had like five of the top ten, actually.
Oh, my God.
Look at this.
Playoff goal leaders, active players.
It's on TNT right now.
Ovechkin, 72.
Sidney Crosby, 71.
Joe Pavelski, 69.
I mean, that's just unbelievable what this guy's done.
He's a freak.
What a player.
What a player.
Unbelievable.
I'm already starting to think, Whit, about our finals trip.
It is a strong possibility.
We're spending two weeks in between Fort Lauderdale and Las Vegas.
Lickerdale.
I don't think I'll make it.
That's just recipe for disaster right there.
Last time I was in Lickerdale, I was walking down Las Olas throwing up.
You also lost your phone. You also lost your
phone.
You also lost your phone.
The night I lost my phone, then I
found it, and we were just getting after it.
I think we were so happy I found my phone.
Grinnelli hung out with me the whole time.
I'm walking
puke at home. Grinnelli, Grinnelli.
Walking puke. So for the health of the
chicklets crew, we need somebody else
to beat them here.
Send me somewhere quiet.
Send me Raleigh and Seattle.
I'll sit in the rain, and then I'll play golf.
I won't be a mess.
You'll be in a hotel just in the trees by yourself in Raleigh,
and then you'll be in Seattle.
You'll be in the city.
And then I'll see Eric Cole right back.
I was just going to say, we had trouble.
We went there with Coles and Bollerus.
Well, he's down right now.
I'm going to be in Raleigh tonight for the between the benches game,
as you mentioned, guys.
And I was hoping to meet up with Coles, right?
It'd be nice to hang out with him or catch a beer with him after the game.
And he's like, no, man, I'm out of there.
I'm going to secession.
He's a little golf getaway.
We had him on game notes daily. Yeah, so he's going down there. Have you played there, Whit, man, I'm out of there. I'm going to secession. He's a little golf getaway. We had him on game notes daily.
Yeah, so he's going down there.
Have you played there, Whit?
No, I haven't.
I got another buddy, Matty Moran, who's a member there.
I heard it's sick.
I guess it's unbelievable.
I guess it's pretty special.
You know what?
He said it's like a special piece of heaven.
And he said, oh, buddy, I think, did he say this?
The sunset's just unbelievable.
I was like, what?
That's when you know we're getting older and the sunsets with a drink after golf is all you need.
It used to be bottle service at the club in Vegas.
Now just give me some crepuscular rays and a sunset.
That's the life.
You guys want to move on for these games or what?
Should we get to another segment?
Yeah.
You want to go to that Edmonton?
Oh, you want to go to Edmonton?
Well, fuck.
Buddy, what are you thinking about that, buddy?
That was an eye-opener, Army.
I just think they were tired, bud.
I think the extra day.
I do, too.
I think the rest Vegas got made a huge difference.
And Carolina also, they got the rest.
And Jersey came from game seven.
I mean, the Oilers hadn't played like two nights prior,
but I think they had three days.
But still, that was a five-on-five dominating clinic.
Now, luckily, we have the greatest power play in the history of hockey
to kind of keep us in that game.
And we have Leon.
But that game was like just a myriad of mistakes.
I think they tied it up twice.
They got goals after we scored twice within like 30 seconds.
So I love that I'm saying we.
I'm an oiler.
Always an oiler.
Once an oiler, always an oiler.
I just, I don't know if you can continue to rely on the power play.
I mean, they only took three penalties, right?
And you cannot have  there's like seven forwards listed that didn't have a shot on net.
And Janmark got hurt again.
That sucks because they just got him back for that game.
And then he left early in the first  I think it was the first period.
So just seeing Vegas kind of in the playoffs, I'd watch the Winnipeg series.
They had their way.
They had their way, man.
They had their legs.
They owned them.
They had their way.
They dictated play.
And to that point, that's why I say I think the Oilers look tired, Merles.
I think they look sloppy.
Just those little, you come into the zone, you get pressure, you pull up,
you go to make that little 10-foot slough play off to a guy with speed.
They were just not, it was brutal.
Even McDavid was turning it over in those situations all the time
or missing the guy.
It just wasn't crisp, wasn't sharp, didn't look clean.
Even on the empty netter.
Yeah, the empty netter, McDavid kind of got his pocket picked by Eichel.
It's the same kind of thing.
That doesn't happen to him normally.
Yeah.
No, it doesn't.
The first, Leon made it 1-0, and then Deharnais,
who Oilers fans have been all over, right?
He spent time in the minors, big body, PK guy,
but he made a real hard play.
All of a sudden, it's 1-1, and there was like,
I think Nurse had kind of a bad read when amadio scored
too and it was overall just not good i mean it was it was it was they better have just been tired
because if if if that was like edmonton actually felt good going in then they're in trouble but i
think they bounced back they lost game one against the kings they dominated that game it was at home
so that was a better feeling going into game two but and that's the kings they dominated that game it was at home so that was
a better feeling going into game two but and that's the way they're feeling too people are
talking even about the devils that way um yeah because they go remember we got whacked five
five one twice whack two games in a row and they so they get whacked in the first game the exact
same score i mean it's like are the devils gonna come back in this i don't know yeah and and the difference too the oilers and the devils both i guess is that they're on the road
you're supposed to lose those road games where it's it's a panic like the least when they've
lost the home games that's when you start panicking what a playoff so what's the record
what's the record of of of road teams winning right now it's like is it the best it's ever been
i i feel like i like it has to be.
I mean, they were 11,
weren't they 11 and three and overtime games teams.
So you look at that.
It's like,
does home ice even really matter that much?
I guess these teams are so,
there's so much parody.
Like you just,
it,
it's so difficult.
The first round is so hard.
And then you get to the second round and these all,
these,
these teams like shockingly, youingly, nobody had Seattle advancing.
Nobody had Florida advancing.
They look great.
And so, I don't know.
The other record I did want to mention, though,
is Leon has 11 goals through seven games.
Yeah, it's crazy.
The playoff record for goals is 19 goals.
I mean, he could tie that thing this series basically i would say if
the oilers were to win the series it'll be so much relied upon leon that like he's almost guaranteed
to break that record if they get to the third round yeah well the thing is like the stat i saw
which is even crazier boys through the first seven games for a player in the playoffs.
11 goals that Leon just got is the first time that's been done in a hundred years of the NHL, a hundred years, a hundred years.
Someone else had like 15, I think on that thing. I saw, I saw the stat.
I could be wrong. I could be wrong. I know it's a hundred years for that one.
I don't know what the first guy had.
It's like in the first seven games had like 15 goals or like 14 or something like that.
But like, by the way, that guy was like going to work
in the steel mill the next morning after the game.
I think it's having lunch.
They're like, you had six goals last night.
It could be the name.
I could remember this.
It's Newsy Lalonde.
Newsy Lalonde.
That's who the coach is named after that's ra's best buddy yep derrick derrick lalonde newsy lalonde that's the
uh that's the guy's name who has like i think the most goals in the first seven games but it hadn't
been done in over 100 years let's put that way so that's where that's where leon is at with his
goal scoring prowess right now through the playoffs,
which is freaking
insane. The other thing
about the Oilers game was
when Leon made it 5-4,
Connor came
down and walked somebody and
had a sick shot on net chance
and Boussouak kicked it out with his left pad.
It would have been 10 seconds later
they made it 5-5.
So you saw a key save there.
And then Merle's already mentioned Eichel kind of stripped him of the puck.
And it's so interesting now compared to when we play how you just try to go for the goal.
Try to go for the goal.
Don't worry about the icing. If you went for the goal when we played and missed the net, you were getting like cross-checked in the face by a team your teammate yeah it's like
oh buddy you didn't even want to go to the bench you didn't want to go in the dresser
oh you felt everyone's staring at you the fuck are you now they're like it's okay you'll get
him next time bud yeah and then you know you don't get to go again yeah because then you don't get to
go again i live for the empty netters to get that extra point yeah those are the best the best oh
my god that's how i caught all a lot of not all
a lot of my minuses you know one year in edmonton i had to have 50 empty net goal minuses against
i was never on the ice protecting the one goal yeah i was i was on the ice trying to get it
just giving up the the puck and and the minus yeah that happens for sure with guys that play
in those situations it's like that's why maybe like you see like some of these big-time
point-getters with, and maybe you could test this,
it's like they're like plus three.
They have like 95 points.
It's like how the fuck can you manage that?
How do you manage that?
Yeah, we have a good power play.
No, it's empty netters, bud.
It's empty netters.
Unbelievable.
So playoff action, unbelievable tonight.
Dallas and Seattle 3-1 right now.
Joe Pavelski put on an absolute clinic.
Dallas is fighting back.
What did you think of Seattle's first game?
Just another, just kick the shit out of you.
Yeah, just what do you say?
Relentless.
Relentless Seattle hockey.
It's relentless Seattle hockey, and that's what they did the entire game
and took OT, but they got it done. You know what I mean? Like, that's what they did the entire game and took OT but they got it done you know what I mean
like that's the way they're built
they're just built to come at you and come
at you so do you count them out right now in this
game heading into the third period I don't really
count anyone out anymore I know
unless you have a three goal lead
with like three minutes left that's when I'm like
okay I think this is good are you seeing this on TV
right now yeah
just tipping these bucks on TNT right now.
It's unreal.
He's tipping.
I don't know.
That's 14 in a row out of midair.
Just shelf.
He's just mastered that.
Kids at home, practice that.
We talked to some of the junior kids on here.
I know you're listening.
Practice your tips.
Junior, we at college, we do run the gamut here.
We got beer league.
We got beer league wit.
We do the beer league. Yeah, we got that coming up. We got the League. We got Beer League wit. We do the Beer League.
Yeah, we got that coming up.
We got the interview.
The guy won the interview.
He did the auction for us, Mark Ciccone.
So we got him for the Beer League segment later on.
So make sure you stay tuned for that.
He went to the Capital Cup Classic.
Well, he didn't go, but that's where the charity was for the Capital Cup.
And he won the auction.
So that's a really fun interview.
Have him on and announce our newest rule.
Our new rule. Yeah. Our new rule said we got Witty yawning. that's a really fun interview. Have him on and announce our newest rule. Our new rule.
Yeah.
Our new rule said we got Witty yawning.
He's getting some playoff.
He's getting he's getting in a blur of playoff blur.
He's getting it's huge there.
No, I was actually just thinking I'm very happy with how
Autinger is playing because first game he was kind of it wasn't
the usual Autinger.
And then now tonight he's kicking again.
Please tell me.
I figured he would bounce back.
Please tell me on TNT.
They just showed Pavelski to Tips.
Please tell me Bizzy's going to demonstrate.
Dipping in front of the net.
They do like 400 takes.
They're like, all right, we got to cut, Biz.
He's like, no, no, one more.
He's like, oh, this is live?
Liam McHugh comes over and tips the first one.
He's like, all right, Biz, let's go, dude, back to the desk.
Hey, Biz, I'll give you a tip.
Sit back at the desk.
What a beauty.
Should we move on?
Should we go to our next segment, Murr?
All right, before we go any further
now it's time to talk about our friends over at chevy you know we've been part of the chevy ev
family but we've got big big news the first ever all electric silverado is officially barstool's
most valuable truck we've got the chance to see this thing and experience, and it is a game changer. Available 400-mile range, GM estimated on full charge.
Over 10 feet of length in the bed with a multi-flex tailgate combined with the multi-flex mid-gate.
Large 17-inch diagonal display screen.
It can tow up to 10,000 pounds of max towing.
Zero to 60 in under 4.5 seconds with the wow mode, up to an impressive 785 foot-pounds of torque.
Head over to Chevy.com to learn more.
That's Chevy.com to learn more.
Thank you, Chevy.
I love it.
I love it.
I love this segment.
So this is time.
Now it's time for Show and Mindsies.
This is a great segment.
I mean, this is just something you love or think is brutal in hockey,
in any league, anything you've seen that is, if you like it
and you want to give it a little love, you send it to the show.
If you don't like it, you send it to the mindsies.
Let's start with you, Murr.
We got to bring in G for this, too.
G.
Yeah, G always has good ones.
G always has good ones.
Yeah, my show is this, too. G. G always has good ones. G always has good ones. Yeah, my show is this.
Playoff times.
Some NHL guys playing through these injuries are just insane.
I know that Erickson Eck, he was out.
He tried to come back and play with a broken leg.
He lasted a shift, had to get surgery.
Bergeron was playing with a herniated disc, came back, tried to play.
And then the latest one, his Timo Meier got flattened by Trouba. And came back tried to play and then uh the latest one his team of meyer
got flattened by truba and he he was trying to play last game he came out and cleared him to
come back into that game somebody said well what they said it's not concussion related i saw he had
a bubble on he's got that big beak on him too he's got that nice firm heavy solid like you could do a
painting of that guy's beak.
It's so perfect.
He's like the Swiss banker in Wolf of Wall Street.
Just that big old snout with a deep voice.
Yeah, that's what he looks like, right?
He has a little strand of hair from the side part dangling down.
Dude, how about tonight?
What is it?
Mahuro, Florida?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, with the stitches.
Oh, yeah, and the Winnipeg guy with all the stitches.
Oh, the Winnipeg guy, 75 stitches.
But tonight, if Mahuro hadn't had a half shield on,
he actually could have lost his eye.
I don't know if you saw it, Armie.
It was Nylander took a rocket, and he was falling on his guy around the neck.
Oh, I saw it hit him in the visor in his face.
He was like, nothing the visor. It would
have hit him directly in the eye
and I think the visor
actually cut him. Yeah, I think that's
what happened. But that was like
whole he's just trying to man up. He's just trying to
man his guy around the net and he came around. That's
how Brian Little my guy from
Atlanta Brian Little poor guy
great player. He got hit the same way
he got hit in the ear and ended up retiring.
Remember that?
He got his ear so fucked up.
I remember.
He was a great player.
He was nasty, too.
Yeah, just a great player, goal scorer, good teammate, good 200-foot guy.
I actually love the league bringing that rule in.
I mean, I never had a visor on.
Yeah, I didn't like a visor.
Because I went down to
and then at the end when I got put on waivers and sent to the
Mineties, you had
to wear it in the AHL. And then now
you have to wear it as you come into the NHL
too. So it's probably
a good one. Well, these guys are
warriors to that point, Merle.
Maybe I'll go next. Yeah, that's my show.
It bleeds off of mine. Yours
bleeds into mine a little bit. My show is
Timo Mayer, right?
And playoff hockey.
The guy who doesn't have a goal, who didn't have a point.
The guy that got railroaded and ran into another dimension by Truba.
That guy.
Yeah, that's the guy.
So he gets railroaded, absolutely blown up, like crushed.
It looked like a crash test dummy situation his
stick was like it was like he was like insane he was above his ear and at the end of the game he
comes back and he's out there he's out there on the handshake line and i remember when i was in
montreal i think it was montreal it might have been Toronto. There's a painting of a guy shaking a guy's hand.
It's in black and white.
It's a fucking great picture.
It's hockey.
Bad to the bone hockey.
Shaking a guy's hand like the most gentlemanly,
perfect handshake you've ever seen.
And he has no helmet on.
It's black and white.
He has blood dripping from it like his cut on his eye
as he's shaking his hand at the end of a thing.
And I saw that handshake line and I saw Truba and meyer coming up and the cameras had a rate on them and i just
was like damn here we go what's gonna happen here his snout is just mashed into his face his blood's
on his face still he smiles at truba they give a handshake they give a little hug and they keep
rolling on and that's playoff hockey baby that's
i i send that right to the show that's what we do that's our game that's the honor you play hard
it's a great hit lindy ruff said it's a good hockey hit uh he just crushed him he fucking
crushed him and he shook his hand like a man at the end of the game and gave him a smile and said
hey good on you we we got the last laugh but fucking good hit man his head down
boango and that and that old legendary canadian picture you saw it could have been the guy who's
shaking his hand who cut him too and i always remember that like going through the handshake
lines in in the playoffs the first time you know you shake hands in pro hockey games end you just
get off the ice and playoffs it all changes when the series ends.
And, like, Chris Neal.
That's a guy I was thinking of right now.
He knocked, like, six of us out in Wilkes-Barre.
Like, separating shoulders, concussions, and then all these, and Volchenkov killing guys.
And then just to shake hands and, hey,
we were doing anything we could to win.
It's like there's total, short of Claude Lemieux to Chris Draper
when Dino Cicerelli said, I can't believe I fucking shook that guy's hand.
Other than that, I don't really remember many other instances of playoffs
where it isn't like, hey, good series.
You know?
Like, I hated your guts.
You tried killing me.
I tried killing you.
Good series.
And that's a good one to bring up to the show. Yeah, love it i love it g you want to go next we'll give wait a
little time breathe you mentioned being railroaded there and so i'm calling up uh the person who may
have been railroaded on the internet more than anyone since the playoff started i'm calling up
pasha to the show i mean it's been a crazy couple weeks for pasha he started
as the most hated man on the internet to start the playoffs and he turned out he was right pasha
was right at the end of the day so it pains me to say this with everything in me but i'm calling up
pasha to the show boys yeah what a week yeah I mean, he got canceled. He did earn it. He got blocked by, didn't he get unfollowed or blocked by Rangers Instagram?
I mean, and the one thing I could think of, yes,
the videos of all smiles at the game when he's standing with the mascot section
that got him tickets or whatever.
Like, how bad is that?
But, like, the picture of him outside of MSG with that old,
crusty cardboard sign that says Patrick Cain's. And that
was planned. Army, here's the thing.
He had that planned
before. I think it was like after
game one, he had that thing
planned out. And I think it was like
after maybe it was after game
five. And I'm like, hey, we got to go do
this. We got to go do this. He's like, no, we're waiting
to the end. I have it perfectly planned
out. So that was very he's very superstulous on how he's making all these moves.
Yeah, very good call.
He is very superstitious.
Like he won't text a thing until the final buzzer goes off.
And then he starts fucking ripping off texts to us like, fuck you.
You guys suck.
Devil's in seven.
I told you.
He was right.
He was right.
Pasha was right. Kane was probably better than he made it told you he was right. He was right. Pasha was right.
Kane was probably better than he made it sound like he would be.
I think he was third in scoring, but he did five on five not look great,
I'd say, at times.
Panarin was nonexistent.
He kind of called that.
And the Devils moved on.
So, yeah, I sent him my 500 bucks.
So did I.
And Army.
He sent me a text with his venmo thing i go
what the fuck is this for he goes buddy you owe me money i go what do you mean like what's going on
because i remember when you hopped on it i took it you're like i'll take that too i'll take it
to all day i was on rangers hard they killed me but i i was like what do you mean it's been a long
couple weeks like i don't fucking remember this thing and he's like dude you owe me 500 bucks so i had to med bowl 500 fuck you two weeks prior yes i know how am i supposed to still down money from all his hotel
rooms in new york so don't feel too bad for him yeah he's the only guy that won money on that him
and sings the only guys that won money on that series everyone's probably picking the rangers
i mean we didn't see that really coming but we we should have. But Witzke, show.
You see some great fan signs and moments before in the playoffs,
and the fans matter so much.
That's kind of why we're dogging Toronto and the library situation
they got going at the home games.
But I'm going to call a fan up to the show,
and it's the guy in Carolina who put Sebastian Ajo's face on a T-shirt next to Jack Hughes' mom.
I don't know if you saw that.
Maybe one of the funniest things I've ever seen in an NHL game.
The picture is Jack Hughes and his mom getting ready for him to be the first overall pick in the NHL draft.
Actually, it could have been at one of his brother's drafts for all I know.
Because I'm guessing they were at all of each other's drafts.
And this guy somehow superimposed Ajo's finished face,
just looking like he's basically Jack Hughes' daddy.
And I think it was a t-shirt, if not a sign.
So here, I don't know if you'll be able to see it on there.
Should I just send it to you, G? You can see it's the old one that's the original yeah it's the original then i got the other one underneath it there with ajo's face yeah
all right you see all like what yeah so that's just it's original it's funny i'm sure even jack
hughes laughed at that but i but I got a kick out of that.
I'm bringing that fan up to the show.
And then the other thing that happened was a guy had a Flyers Goss Despair jersey on.
I saw that.
And he taped on Carolina Hurricanes.
It was the shittiest piece of paper with a Canes logo.
It looked horrible.
Yeah, it was like it printed off his home printer, the Canes
logo that he put over the Flyers logo.
And the Canes ended up bringing him down
a real jersey. So that's
the point. You know what?
That leads into, I guess, my second
call them up. They don't
need to be called up because they're so good and
I haven't respected them. It's the Canes, man.
The Canes, dude.
They got no Svechnikov, no Pacioretty, who had three goals in five games.
No Taravainen, and fuck, they just keep rolling.
They looked so sick game one.
We'll see if Jersey responds.
They got whacked in game one at home, but against the Rangers.
But the Canes, man, how do they continue to do this?
I guess they probably have the best D in the NHL.
Slavin is just money.
The guy shuts down anyone.
Brent Burns has been awesome.
And Seth Jarvis is stepping up.
It's just what a great team.
They just
Brendamore is such a good coach, and they just keep moving along.
Imagine if they had those three guys.
Oh, I know.
Imagine if they had a weapon like a a patch ready and svetch like
that that are like game breaker dudes like they're just difference makers like different players like
that i know teravine's really good too like rock solid but like those guys are probably even better
those guys are like big body guys that make a huge difference playoff playoff svetchnikov's
playoffs remember he fought ovi in the playoff i don't know if that was the playoffs, but he fought Ovi.
He's a dog.
It was playoffs.
So the Panthers, I mean, the Panthers, the Carolina Panthers,
the Carolina Hurricanes are just, they're nonstop,
and they're deserving of me to maybe be talking about them a little bit more.
I'll be boots on the ground, boys.
I'll be boots on the ground.
They're looking for signs, looking for giving canes you know the canes fans we don't get they
probably don't get enough love mer and you're you're an alumnus to a degree right i'm alumni
two exhibition games had a goal and assist point a game player not a big deal you get the hat you
get the hat right yeah i got an alumni hat i got a hurricane's hat because eric cole stole my
chiclets hat and i so i had to steal his hurricane's hat it's good you have that but hat i got a hurricanes hat because eric cole stole my chiclets hat and i so
i had to steal his hurricanes hat it's good you have that but um i heard a great quote i think
it was during the broadcast about brindamore he's like yeah the guys are hurt he goes it's almost
made us better like not better but he goes now we know there's only one way for us to play we have
to play like super hard super simple and and he's kind of like it's it's made it easier for me i
think that happens to teams, right?
I think that happens when you know you're missing key guys.
You just dig in in certain other areas, and it almost makes you better.
I've seen that, right?
Yeah, that's what he was kind of saying, yeah.
Well, when Penguins won the Cup without LeTang, right?
Yeah, you just kind of figure out a style that you've got to play,
and I agree with you.
But I don't know if in the end it'll be enough to win the stanley cup but
i keep picking against them and oh no i picked the first round but i picked jersey to beat him
in five what a rookie move that was unless you still got life you still let's jersey stomps on
him in game two i'll be like oh i knew it all right let's go to the mindsies now we'll start
with you mer i mean this is a broad subject the nhl rules there's a ton of them i could complain about but
it's gambling season it is the playoffs i'm a big over guy i'm a big puck line guy i need those i
need those empty netters and the thing the rule in the nhl is if you ice the puck you can't change
your line correct yes okay so if you have your goalie pulled, and you ice the puck, you shouldn't be able to put him back in.
You shouldn't be able to make a line change.
Because then, number one, you're getting to pick one of the guys
that gets to come off, which you normally wouldn't be able to do.
And it's just, why can you change the goalie if you can't change your players?
Because then the goalie ends up getting back in there,
then the team never breaks out.
I don't get my free empty net charity.
So down to the minds, whoever came up with this NHL rule that they're allowed to put the goalie ends up getting back in there. Then the team never breaks out. I don't get my free empty net charity. So down to the minds.
Whoever came up with this NHL rule that they're allowed to put the goalie
back in because we want to hit the puck.
Let's name this.
Let's name this is going to let's push for this.
This is something we need to affect and change the game here at game notes.
This is called the Merley game notes.
Goalie poll or the Merley puck line. Rule.
Oh, that's good creativity.
I like that pool at the end.
Yeah, yeah, there we go.
Yeah, we'll come up with something.
I wish we had the chat going on this.
Somebody would have it ready for us.
The chat would be huge moment right now.
It can't be the Murley special
because that's the game ending going to OT.
So, yeah, we need another name for that.
But Murls, that's an interesting.
I mean, you wouldn't see the guys going for the goal as much.
It would go back to old school.
You can't ice it.
No, this is the other team.
This is the team with the goalie out.
This is the team with the goalie out.
You know, they're trying to break in six on five.
They ice it.
We're stupid comedy.
You accidentally, like you miss a pass it goes all
the way down icing oh shit oh let's just put her we better win this face off yeah they put the
goalie back in and then they take off the most tired guy they want it's not fair or they put
out to change anything yeah they take off another winger if they have other centermen on whatever
imagine that they have a d-zone draw with no goalie no that's great for overs mr ice with mr ice agrees with me i know that the mr ice rule maybe we should name it after
elio he's a beauty gee you got a mindsies for us yeah i mean i got the easiest mindsies i've ever
done i'm sending the boston bruins down to the mindsies i mean the second that goal was scored
with 50 seconds left i just knew that this series was over.
Biggest frauds in NHL history.
I mean, I still can't believe
that we're not seeing Boston
versus the Maple Leafs right now.
I just can't fucking believe
it's not Bruins-Maple Leafs.
So I'm sending the bees down to the minesies, boys.
All right, give me this, though.
What if Florida goes on and wins the Cup?
It doesn't even matter.
It's more just like Bruins versus Maple Leafs gets the people going.
You know what I mean?
It's like every person at this bar we were at tonight,
even they said they hate the Bruins, but fuck,
it would be so much fun if it was Bruins versus Maple Leafs right now.
I mean, it's such a Florida team of destiny thing
that Marshawn had that breakaway at the end of game five.
And Bob makes the huge shave.
It's like, then it's like, oh, wait a minute.
Oh, we win in overtime game five.
We win in game six.
We were down in game six.
And then we get game seven in OT.
They were done.
They had Brad Marshawn breakaway.
That was it.
It would have been a legendary series win, and
now Florida's moving on.
They haven't lost since.
The last loss, they had five in a row
now. They look incredible
too. Yeah.
They look battle-hardened, tested, and ready
to roll. Unbelievable
what they've turned into. They just bully everyone.
Well, that leads into
my mind. I'm sending
R.A. to the Mindies.
You guys want to know why? R.A.'s
going to the Mindies because
his beloved Boston Bruins
win or lose.
And R.A.'s crushed and he's upset.
Well,
he has a future on the Florida Panthers.
But all of a sudden now, all he sends to the chat is pictures of his Panthers hat.
And go Panthers.
I'm like, dude.
Yeah.
And I chirped him on the group chat.
He's like, money talks.
But it's like, bud, I just don't see a true diehard Beast fan,
no matter what the future on the team who just beat them is,
all of a sudden wearing his curved Panthers hat everywhere
and ranting and raving about the Panthers and his future.
They just broke your heart.
Yeah, he should be devastated like G is.
He's down and out.
G has been down and out ever since.
I can't figure out. It took me a while to figure out what was wrong with him. It's called, show us the's down and out. Gee's been down and out ever since. I can't figure out.
It took me a while to figure out what was wrong with him.
He's called, show us the picture of the hat.
I'm like, he's got the hat on.
I didn't know why he sent the fucking hat.
I was like, what's the hat thing?
I go, why did he send that?
Did he find it?
He's wearing a Panthers hat now.
He just knocked his team out of the best season in the history of hockey.
He's rocking a Panthers thing.
I love this.
These are my minds, E-Pick.
R.A.'s minds.
I thought it was going to be for his Instagram live video at the end of the fucking game.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, it turns out you can't be yelling cocksucker at an NHL game with little kids sitting around.
What did Adam
It was funny, though.
I said that to him.
He's like, yeah.
He's like, I'm so in the moment.
I don't even realize I said it.
And for those who don't know, R.A. posted a Instagram
live as the Bruins were losing
and he was swearing and cursing
and everything non-stop.
They were in OT. I was like, what the hell is this?
Yeah, they were in OT and an usher came up to him
and tried to kick him out on his Instagram
live. And then he texted the group
trying to justify himself being like,
hey, this guy tried to kick me out. How fucked up is
that? The Bruins were kind of like, dude, after you watch it,
you're like, dude, you should have kicked out like eight times.
There's a kid at Lincoln Sudbury Middle School right now
screaming cocksucker at his teacher
because he heard a guy behind him at game seven saying it.
I was like, holy shit.
And then they scored to lose.
And he's like, oh, no, no.
Yeah, yeah. He then they scored to lose. And he's like, oh, no, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He didn't know what happened.
No, no, no.
I don't think it went in.
Oh, yeah, it went in.
Fuck, I didn't think it went in.
The whole arena is crying.
All of a sudden, he just whips his Panthers hat out of his back pocket.
He's like, here we go.
Go cats.
Who's your mind? My mind is, which will lead me into our next segment my mind sees is um
beer league gms that think they're actually fucking nhl gms that they think they're running
i didn't even know there were beer league so i got it i got a message from somebody on on
instagram can i read it for you this guy sends me a letter he got from a guy that runs their beer league.
And it must be like one of those...
Runs the league or runs the team?
I guess I think it's like a
group of people that
they kind of... I understand...
Oversee the...
They understand that they draft
players on certain teams and
there's captains on like, say there's five teams
and then they have players
ranked and they need to pick these players so this guy is like sending me this i'm reading it i'm like
what the what is this it's not even bad enough that like hey the teams aren't super fair we need
to move you to another team just so our league is like it's more fun you know it's not even
it could have been done way easier instead he, he gets this letter. I hope the weekend is off to a great start for you.
In the Hockey Finder League, we all enjoy lacing them up,
getting out there and playing our best.
However, the league also has a social and parody feel expectation.
To that end, the captains get together after week three to assess and try to
get the teams as balanced as possible. With our team dominating so far this season, it was determined
that I would need to trade one of my more skilled players. That skilled player is you. Sean.
Sean, I should probably maybe say this guy's name. Sean will be your new captain going forward.
Expect Sean to reach out to you before Monday.
I really enjoyed skating with you, and I'm disappointed to have to trade you.
I look forward to skating with you and future sessions.
On Monday, you play at this rink at 930, rink two.
Feel free to reach out if you have any questions best wishes
the guy's name
it's like I was picturing
that that nerd like what's his name
in money ball of that voice you just did
yeah I was picturing that nerd in money ball
though that like Billy B Jonah Hill when he has
to like he's like you gotta fire the guy you gotta trade
this guy and he's like what do I say to him what do I
say to him he's like you just tell him he's traded and give him this paper
and tell him he's traded.
You know, like in the big leagues, that's how they do it.
This guy thinks he's in the hockey big leagues trading beer leaguer guys
that work 9 to 5 that just want to come out for a ski.
Like, buddy, if you're running your league,
like you think you're the Billy Bede of hockey,
like you're going to the Mindsies automatically.
There are Mindsies material written all over you with a letter like that
and a beer link.
Just call the guy and say, hey, bud.
Yeah, call him up and be like, hey, dude.
And by the way, the guy's getting traded because he's good.
He's like, hey, bud.
It's just the league has to be a little more, like, parody-wise.
And because of that, we all met.
And, you know, you're going to play on the other team. team like this email is like morse code for i'm a nerd yeah mindsies mindsies which leads us
to our next segment merles i'll let you tee it up and we'll go right into it uh beer league heroes
are very special beer league heroes maybe we'll just go to it should we just go to it yeah let's
just go all right let's just go to it. All right, let's just go to it.
Beer League Heroes, here you go.
All right, now it's time for our favorite segment, Merle's Game Notes.
Favorite for all our listeners is Beer League Heroes.
This is a segment that has taken off like crazy.
I'd like to go through our initial rules through our episodes.
This is episode seven, obviously, so we have six shower sheriff, wildly popular.
Take a shower, bring enough beer, the beer swindler, roller bags.
You got a roller bag.
You're a dork.
Uh, if your bag has wheels, you don't, that's a saying, right?
Merles.
Yeah.
Perfect.
Don't take long shifts.
The Ironman, the Jack Hughes.
Don't do that.
Everyone's out there to have fun.
Don't be a hardo.
You got to go to work tomorrow. Merles, rightles right we discussed this like let's clean up this league and you cannot
wear 99 this is no i don't care if you're jj watt your nfl probably hall of famer no 99 all right so
what you did merles is you auctioned off an opportunity for chiclets fan game notes fan to
come on uh and what was this what was this charity for? What set us up with
this and set up our winner coming in to read this next rule? All right. Yeah. It's called
the Capital Cup for Kids. It's powered by the Building on Love charity. It started back in
2011, two guys, John Doolittle and Jake Dumsmill. They just wanted to have a beer league tournament
end of the season, just to have some fun, drink some beers. And it had such a good turnout. The next year,
they wanted to do it for charity. And they got approached by this Jeff Ewell with the
Ronald McDonald House. And things have gone crazy. It went from making 7,000 a year,
this year, it topped 211,000. Thanks in part to our guest, Mark Zaccone. He bid on the auction to
get on here with the game notes and deliver a
rule with us. So I'd like to welcome Mark to the show. How are you doing, Mark? What's going on,
Merles? How are you? I'm doing good. I hear you're out in Vegas. What's going on out there?
Yeah, well, you got the Knights last night. Just missed that game, unfortunately, but
it's just madness. There's construction everywhere, absolute mayhem. They got the F1 race coming up
in November, So they're
getting ready to rock and roll here in Vegas. All right. All right. Any games playing any of
the tables yet or just getting your feet wet? Yeah. Hit us up. Yeah. I mean, I absolutely
got fondled by some dealers for about 56 minutes over there in the high stakes room. Was not fun
at all. It's just one of those times where you don't even get up. It's just you progressively
lose, get back to even, and then progressively lose quicker. So we're going to change that around
though. We're going to change that around. Mark, you're out in Vegas. You went there for
one reason, hopefully to take in a hockey games, hopefully to take in all the things you could do
and gamble. So you got to ride the wave, baby. You got to ride the wave responsibly.
Yes, responsibly. I was already down there about 50 minutes. My wife took me by the arm. She's the responsible one. So it's got to be 50-50 there.
She's got to be responsible. I got to be semi-responsible. She pulls me away,
say, hey, listen, let's go take a walk. You mentioned your wife and I heard you
guys live in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Is this true?
That is correct. Myrtle Beach, absolutely gorgeous place to live.
Yeah. So Carolina Hurricanes fans or what do we got?
No, me, I'm diehard New York Islanders. You got Biz Bayless over there with 16 different
teams always ragging on my aisles. So I figured I'd take a little shot at that, but absolutely
diehard. That's the real reason you bought the auction. You wanted to be able to chirp
Biz about the Islanders. 100. It would have been worth double. I mean,
yeah. But nevertheless, yeah, just crazy fan. I mean, some crazy stories. I've walked off planes. the chirp is about the islanders 100 it would have been worth double i mean yeah but nevertheless
yeah i had just just crazy fan i mean some crazy stories i've walked off planes to see the rest of
uh playoff games so i mean it goes without saying i'm i'm nuts well mark i'm a huge chicklets fan
huge chicklets fan big hockey fan and awesome for you to i think you know to bid on this and donate
you know going towards a great cause and
when you saw that you're like shit let's go i've met a lot of these people these families and stuff
um they always give one of the kids as a as a team captain for the for the each team so he gets to go
on the bench army the one kid was a big pittsburgh penguins fan so i was on the bench coaching i
might have had a couple big deal brews in me and I started texting Crosby for him.
He had the time of his life.
That story's spread.
And then his make a wish was to go down to Pittsburgh to see a game.
So it's really special what they do.
And I just came up with this idea.
I thought it was good for everybody.
So-
I mean, it's awesome.
I spoke with Jeff a little bit and he shared that story that you just shared, which, I
mean, that's just great, man. It's good to hear stuff like that. You don't hear it enough.
So Mark, we we've listed the six rules. We're in the beer league hero segment.
Uh, you play a little bit of, of, of beer league yourself. You're saying hockey fan,
obviously what's, what's, what's rule number seven for us.
Rule number seven, boys dress like a pro being in Myrtle Beach, you got these hooligans out here in tank tops,
not wearing shin guards, not wearing almost anything,
just out there with a stick and puck, and they're getting dropped,
and then they're complaining.
Don't wear a ripped jersey.
I mean, if you don't got to  you can't spend the four or five bucks on a jersey.
I mean, come on, boys.
Let's go.
We're adults here.
Like, Armie, you said before, we got work in the morning. I mean, come on, boys. Let's go. We're adults here. Like Armie,
you said before, we got work in the morning. I mean, just dress appropriately, really. It's not
difficult. So dress like a pro, boys. I mean, it's simple. That's as simple as it gets.
Yeah. The thing that drives me nuts, the one is the two different colored socks.
Have a pair of socks, the same colors. I can't stand the one black and then the one purple and orange.
That's the part of it that drives me nuts.
Thank you, Mark, for coming on our mission to clean up this league.
This has been Merle's mission.
Our rules have all helped, every single one.
And you've just delivered rule number seven to clean it up.
You've got guys with ripped pants.
You've got guys with torn socks all draped down over their skates
like they're in the 70s at a disco like
clean it up tighten it up get your skates you got guys with laces flopping on the ice almost like
what the fuck are you thinking going on the ice terrible looking like a disaster like this mark
thank you dress like a pro gee you got something on this so i just i want to clarify here and i i
this is a question for you guys i want you guys to clarify for me. When you say dress like a pro, I get not wearing the, you know,
different color socks, you know, ripped pants, all that.
But are you saying they should have new equipment too?
Like, do you want to see the new power helmet, new gloves, new stick?
Or is it just basically don't look like an asshole?
I would say it's more don't look like an asshole.
And then I thought you were going to go the other way with this.
Like, don't show up either with, like, the Islanders jersey
and the Islanders matching socks, pants.
Yeah, that's not going to work.
Don't be that guy either.
Yeah, because I think the guy that shows up in brand new equipment,
it looks like he just walked out of a pure hockey.
You don't want to be that guy either.
You don't want to have a little wear and tear on your gear.
Mark, you got old gear because you played when you were younger and now you're in the beer leagues you're not going and
buying a new new gear so it's going to be beat up a bit right you know i i am that guy though so i
mean i'm a goalie so eventually i need i need new stuff i mean you know so that there is there's
always exceptions to the rules but i agree i mean if you're out there with a ticket on your jersey
you know people are going to have it out for you. I got to say this.
The goalies are always done up, Mark.
The goalies are always nice.
They always got nicer gear.
They're always cleaned up, put together.
I feel like it's the players.
They just come out.
It shouldn't be that way, Armie.
The goalie equipment is way more money.
You know what I mean?
The goalie equipment is nuts.
And I'm in roller, and then I drag it to Charleston to play some ice.
So it gets beat up pretty quick. Oh, we might need a roller goalie equipment is nuts. And I'm in roller, and then I drag it to Charleston to play some ice. So it gets beat up pretty quick.
Oh, we might need a roller goalie if Chef Donnie ever can't make it.
We're going to have to remember your number here.
They might be pissed because I believe last time they played G,
I think they waxed them.
I don't know.
Probably.
We stink.
We won one championship, and it's because I rigged it
and put us in the D division with Patrick Sharp.
Yeah, they're all shit-faced. Yeah, that that would probably do it but if you guys ever need a
goalie for sure let me know i'm uh i'm down to travel or play wherever the hell you guys are
yeah next chick let's cop we have chef donnie who he he's our best player last one he kept us in all
the games but if for some reason he can't make it we'll keep you in mind for sure and g by no means
do i want guys i want to make this clear i don't think you got to go out and have the newest, you know, vapor skates or anything.
Like, yes, it'd be nice if your skates are beat up and the rivets are falling out.
Get some new skates if you can afford it, of course.
But just take some pride in the way you look going out there.
Like, do you see the NHL guys dressed like that?
I have this issue too with guys that are in the East Coast League.
If you're in the East Coast League, dress like you look like you're in the nhl you dress like you're in the east coast league you
stay in the east coast league all right so dress like a pro mark absolute beauty rule i love rule
number seven right here getting it delivered from a guy that's living at roller and on ice
and he's a goalie and he sees his best seat in the house to watch all this i mean clean it up and mark is
there anything you think uh anything else that should be cleaned up in the beer leagues i know
it's like herding cats to get guys to go play games but you know if it's an eight o'clock game
at least try and be there at eight i mean we got guys who are rolling into like 8 10 and like hey
can you hold puck drop it's like dude you're let's go. I mean, what are we doing here?
So, I mean, other than that, you know, that's got to be cleaned up.
So, I guess.
Show up on time.
I like that.
Be on time.
Punctuality, boys.
Punctuality.
If you're on time, you're late.
If you're early, you're on time.
Hey, five minutes early is 10 minutes late is what the Erioters motto was in my OHL handbook I got when I got drafted by them.
Well, there you go.
Sherry Basson. So, that's always, that's good to live by any walks of life. motto was in my ohl handbook i got when i got drafted by them well there you go bass and so
that's always that's good to live by any any walks of life five minutes early ten minutes late i love
that mark we're we're we've transformed into a daily gambling show as well we love talking picks
this is going to drop friday morning sorry sweet of my days and times are all messed up it's going
to be friday morning you got any picks for us friday night or saturday on the weekend which any games you're looking at this
weekend coming up let me pull them up morals i mean i gave you that pick last night via text
yeah that that over in the devil's uh carolina game we had yeah that was easy
he was wearing friday night tomorrow night mark we've got Devils-Carolina game two. And Saturday, we've got that Oilers-Vegas game.
One game each night.
Yeah, I mean, it's hard.
I'm telling you this.
It's really hard to not take the over in that Edmonton game again.
I mean, the way they're buzzing around.
Dry Seidel, he's good for three.
So, I mean, it's almost insane what he's doing right now.
so I mean it's it's almost it's almost insane what he's doing right now but um I think that I think uh as crazy as this sounds the line the way it is Vegas probably wants you to take the
Devils but I've seen what they did the first two games at home against the Rangers um I'm gonna
take Carolina to get another sneaky W just with that shady money line. I think they're getting a veteran goalie
play from Anderson. They are a little banged up, but I'm going to take the Canes and then I'm
taking that over Saturday night. There's no way around not to take that over.
A parlay like Army or separate? The elusive two picks in one game parlay it's tough i mean if i
had to do two picks in one game i'm taking edmonton first period over a goal and a half
game over six and a half wow and um you know if i were to do those little ones i love those little
period things yeah you got to dink and dunk sometimes um You know, let's go. You know, oh, man.
Sure.
I would just take, I'd probably take Canes by two,
and I would probably take the over.
You know, I could see a 4-2 win, maybe 5-2.
They pulled the goalie again down three.
Luckily, they did that down three, so we were able to get the win there.
But if I were to say I'm getting parlay, that's what I'd be rolling with, boys.
All right.
I like it.
I love it.
We'll add those into the blog when this comes out.
Keep track of your record.
You sweep the board.
We'll have to have you come back on again, have you on Game Week Daily, keep giving out
winners like this.
But we're the hottest show in the world.
Without talking about it.
You know, the hottest show.
Army just wins every night, it seems now.
So you got to have a good record to get on the show.
People are sending me GIFs of a guy walking lit on fire.
That's where it's gone.
So hopefully I can stay hot for the people.
I'm all about the people.
And obviously, Mark, so are you.
Amazing to give back the way you did and, you know,
win yourself a little guest spot on Game Notes, which is awesome.
You did great.
Thank you.
Thank you for the opportunity. I mean, it's a great cause.
You know, the market economy doesn't like to lose a bid.
Yeah, we really appreciate it. You were the talk of the tournament that you bid it up that high.
Everyone's so excited for this opportunity. I think it went well.
That means we can probably do it again next year or other tournaments in the future.
So I know from the Cap Cup and the in the charities everyone wanted to thank you we want to thank you and um
enjoy the rest of your time in vegas yeah no you guys are very welcome i uh very much appreciate it
hello canada this episode is brought to you by the score bet sportsbook and casino the score bet is
the best sports book for the hockey obsessed with a wide variety of markets and daily specials
from us here at Spit and Chicklets.
It's got you covered for everything on the ice.
We have Bet with Biz.
We have Listen to Wit.
We have EBR.
We have RA's Gambling Corner.
We have G's Wagon.
We have all the best specials for you.
So if you're in Ontario only,
download the Scorebet app and create an account today.
You can build and follow your bets directly from the Score Sports app for the best possible experience.
With the playoff push going on right now, you don't want to miss anything.
And the Scorebet also has you covered for all your other favorite sports and players.
Plus, there's tons of iCasino games any day, any time.
That's the score bet.
Download today and see how the best sports app, period, does sports betting.
As always, please play responsibly.
19 plus, Ontario only.
Gambling problem?
Call Connects Ontario at 1-866-531-2600.
Score bet.
All right, guys.
That was Mark Zaccone.
We want to thank him again
and thank the Uncle Sam's team at the Capital Cup
for putting that together for us.
We think it's a great idea to get something like that going,
some charity.
Great job, Merle.
Great job, Mark.
Here from our fans.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Thank you.
That leads us into my favorite part,
riding the bus segment.
We're going to talk some European teams that have,
have clinched the season.
The series are over.
There's champions.
There's teams that have moved up.
There's no more action for us, unfortunately to bet on, but, um,
let me just rip.
You were so hot.
You were fricking on fire,
especially through the playoffs here.
Once everything started kicking off, like.
Oh, it was the best. They everything started kicking off. It was the
best. During those game notes when we
began the score updates. I know we got no
score updates now, but
when I read these teams, you're going to recognize them all
because we were hitting them all that week.
Here's my quick list of champions. I'm going to start
with the NCAA's Quinnipiac
and then we had Ren Pecknold on
for an interview on Real Chicklets. The women
NCAA, Wisconsin Badgers, shout out to them.
In Sweden, your old club Vecchio, they took the championship down.
And Swedish second league, your old team Moto, they won the championship.
They're back, baby.
They're back.
They're going back up to the SHL.
Over in Germany, one of our favorite teams,
the Red Bull Munich team with Trevor Parks.
We met him at the Chicklets Cup.
They won another championship.
Austria, Salzburg Red Bulls.
Switzerland, Geneva, Servette.
We hit those guys.
Finland, Tapro.
Oh, we were crushing them.
Tapro was money.
They were easy.
We had them from the start of the year.
They were loaded.
The Finnish, secondly, Kiko Espo.
Do you guys remember Curtis McLean?
He played with us, I think, in Wilkes-Barre Camps.
I played in Espo.
I played in that rank there when I went over to Vekwa Merles.
And we went there for one of those pre-tournaments
where you play like a KHL team, a Finnish team.
We played Espo Blues in Espo.
Espo Blues.
Yeah, so he's a coach over there, and they're in the second league.
He'll be in the first league coaching before you know it.
Here's the one that we hit big in the game notes czechia trinic yeah we hit them hard and i like
this one denmark alborg pirates know where their coach is with remember him garth murray girth no
way girth yeah remember him from harford yeah harford guy right army vagina pats and he went
great montreal canadians played world juniors yeah he's a tough tough bastard yeah he was a good player he's coaching over there in france we
had the rowan dragons in norway we had the stavanger oilers they seem to win it every
year slovakia we had hc kosis and this another fun one here the english elite league made famous by
our own biz nasty uh belfast giants won and you know who their coach is who this is i'll give you a
little trivia question his brother's a coach in the nhl oh do we play against him that yeah he
actually i played with this guy in san antonio his brother's coaching in the nhl they're still
in the playoffs what they are down in the playoffs. Kennedy.
Keefe.
I mean.
Keefe.
Yep.
Adam Keefe.
Sheldon Keefe's brother.
He coached you over there.
We played against him in the minors, I think.
Was he in Norfolk?
Yeah, he was tough.
He was a fighter.
He was good.
And yeah, that brings it up for Europe. What do you got for us over here in North America?
Well, I just want to look at the CHL.
I'm obviously Junzi's guy.
Big Junzi's guy.
Shout out CHL.
Shout out to my dub.
Where's your mem cup ring?
My mem cup?
I don't know.
I think it's in a safe somewhere.
Those things.
I sold it to do a puck line parlay.
It might come to that, boys.
If you're not responsible, you got to be responsible.
Our ring is so tiny comparatively, though.
I won world championships with Team Canada.
My ring is like I can't even wear it.
It's so huge.
The Stanley Cup rings now are insane.
My Memorial Cup ring I could legit wear out.
It's actually comfy and nice and good size.
You could wear it.
Shout out Red Deer Rebels.
They're done, though.
Saskatoon Blades took them up.
But guess what?
Saskatoon Blades got swept in the next round.
Shout out to their coach, though.
He was named coach of the year in the Western Hockey League.
A good honor, big honor for him and his coaching staff.
Wasey Rabbit, Dan DeSilva, Silves.
Silvesy.
Yeah, Silvesy, good guy.
They're done.
I played with him in Albany. Great guy.
Yeah, great guy.
Winnipeg pumped him, though.
Winnipeg pumped him.
This Matthew Savoy, Merles, your Buffalo Sabres, he'll be coming there another good another good prospect yeah he's lead he's
leading western league in points right now tied tied for the lead uh but he's having a hell of a
run he's a good good player he's coming to buffalo real soon uh the winnipeg jets are waiting in the
in the conference final now to see who they play yep winnipeg ice uh matthew savoy he has 27 points
um seattle against uh cam loops uh that that series right now what do we say is that do we
get us do we get a score on that that's that game is still underway yeah four three right now
seattle's up two one in the series two one in the seattle hockey boys seattle hockey
unbelievable cracking you got the thunderbirds and in the dub still The hockey boys. Seattle hockey. Unbelievable. Cracking. You got the Thunderbirds in the dub still rolling.
So those series are still rolling.
Did I skip anything?
No.
And then we got the OHL.
We've got North Bay
against Peterborough.
They're 2-2.
London Knights,
where G is,
against Sarnia,
2-2.
Next game.
Dallas.
Tonight.
Fucking right.
There it is.
4-1 in that game.
You mentioned the Seattle Thunderbirds
and here they come.
Rupe Hintz.
Did we not have something on him?
Murr?
I don't know.
That guy.
Yeah, but the Leafs and Nylander blew it.
Yeah, exactly.
Who cares about them?
No, they blew my boost for me.
Quebec Major Junior League.
The Ramparts swept the Gatineau Olympic, and Sherbrooke, Phoenix,
and Halifax Mooseheads played tonight.
That series is 2-2.
And there's a funny thing.
I don't know if you guys saw this.
It went on social media.
Zachary LaHuru.
Sorry if I'm saying that wrong, Zachary, of the Halifax Mooseheads.
Do you see him?
He was chugging a bottle of mustard on the bench.
Have you guys ever done that?
I looked it up.
So I looked it up because I'm like, why would you chug mustard?
And he almost threw up.
It would look disgusting.
Yeah.
And so I'm like, why would you do that?
I read it.
It's supposed to be something to do with you cramping.
It's supposed to help with cramping something to do with your mouth.
The enzymes are something that triggers something in your body to release
something to help with cramping.
I'd rather just cramp up the first guy i saw that is ex-oiler uh mark letestu ex-penguin as well mark letestu
ex-columbus blue jacket mark letestu he was sucking on a on a mustard packet on the bench
to get it in him but this kid zachary larue in in in halifax is drinking a yellow bottle of must
the squeeze bottle he's squirting it in his mouth on the bench like dumb and dumber
memes he get to work on that memes that's unbelievable no it's the weirdest one i did
cam barker got me into was drinking beet juice he talked me in that it would flush all the lactic
acid out that was a trend for a while together that was a trend must have been i don't ever
remember that did you did you think it helped her no but i had a complete panic attack that night
because you go to pee and your piss comes out pink so i thought i took a shot and like in my
kidneys i was blood i called him in a panic i'm like what is going on dude no it's
like no no it's normal it's normal no man that was the oxygen antioxidants working into your urine
through your stream bro it's gonna it's gonna get your legs lighter tomorrow it's like when you used
to lay on the ground with your legs up on the wall shake them so you get the blood out of the legs
get fresh blood i do that on chiclets trips when i'm hung over that's what bro sleeps on
a chick yeah so he has light legs the next day so he can burls on the street interview speaking
of which you guys won't believe it i'm 14 days dry since i've been a boy wow i'm intermittent
fasting boys too like we're changing i don't sleep so i can't really booze so i know yeah
i'll give a quick shout out to my Blazers, Midget AAA Blazers at the
Under-18 National Championships.
They came in third place.
My alma mater used to play there.
Jared Stoll played there. A few other guys too,
but shout out to them. I was kind of
following along the way. And AHL playoffs,
I've got to mention this, Merles. All the teams
right now are in the Divisional Semifinals.
They're dragging the shit on. It's the minor leagues.
They play like Friday, Saturday, then Friday, Saturday. They finish after the Cup. it's a minor leagues they play like friday saturday and friday saturday finish after the cup it's a joke yeah we did
remember we went to the finals we finished after the cup i think stanley cup like not the last
remember we were like round round restaurant eating watching the final and we were like in
the semifinals like it was insane we had like it was insane we're like we're still going we're
legit playing for free. Yeah, seriously.
Which reminds me, there was a clip that was resurfaced by none other than
the Murr of a great celebration and a great overtime goal that sent our
Wilkes-Barre Penguins to the Calder Cup final.
That was game seven, right?
Game seven in Hartford.
Game seven.
Eastern Conference finals.
I think we were all on the ice for it.
I know it's a celebration. Because in the clip, I'm like, you're going crazy.ford. Game seven. Eastern Conference Finals. I think we were all on the ice for it. I know Witt's in the celebration.
Because in the clip, I'm like, you're going crazy.
You're like this.
You're like this.
You're like.
With that brutal Bauer helmet on or whatever.
Oh.
Oh.
I get it on the half wall.
I throw it towards the net for a Pavelski and tip.
Throw it towards the mixer.
Throw it towards the mixer.
Murrell's with a Pavelski and tip in front.
Goes five hole on la
barbara and uh in hartford and somebody threw a pizza up the wall yeah just just just rimmed it
around to no man's land of course i was there reading the play great anticipation stopped it
popped it mur right there pavelskian tip and the best part is mur mur gets off the ice because that
was his dream he wanted to do do like an NBA game winner.
I always wanted to do the runoff and celebrate in the locker room.
Completely forgot it.
Game seven.
You got to shake hands, bro.
That's so funny.
You started a trend.
The NHL guys started doing it.
The walk-off.
Throwing sticks in the stands.
You ran into the dressing room.
Guys have done that before.
Yep.
Way to go, Murr.
That's back in the day.
We were getting shirts.
Was there smoke in the arena? I saw in what did you guys oh i think i said it looked like we played
in the 50s yeah you said yeah i did what bad camera like like what were we doing back then
that's a vhs when they run i don't think hartford had all the lights on in the arena probably not
that place was a dungeon but what an experience what an awesome an awesome thing. So shout out to the HL.
All these playoffs are still continuing.
We'll keep tabs on all of these as they continue.
And now it's time for Barstool Scorebet Sportsbook.
All right, there.
This is why everyone's really here.
This is why everyone's really here.
The hottest gambling show in the world. Game Notes Daily. Army G g putting out winners me and wit are sprinkling some of their i was two
and one last night yeah that's a winning day it's not a winning day but um there's one game tonight
carolina devils where are you looking at that game army you see anything you like there well i i mean
i like carolina i i don't know what the lines are on that do we have that yet but i oh yeah i like carolina i liked your game i mean they're
smothering uh like whit mentioned their d their d is such a difference maker they couple goals by
defenseman uh last game i i'm looking at i'm looking at that i'm looking at them yeah they're
they're like even money.
It's like minus 110, both teams.
So it's a coin toss game.
Coin toss game.
Okay.
Okay.
I like that.
I like that.
I mean, I would look at Kane's money line,
and then I would sprinkle in probably an Aho goal in there.
That's exactly what I'm doing.
Is that what you're doing?
He was sniffing around.
Yeah, he was sniffing around last game.
He was short-handed chance, a really good short-handed. He's all over the ice. He's sniffing around. Yeah, he was sniffing around last game. He had shorthanded chance, a really good shorthand.
He's all over the ice.
He's plus 155.
Yeah, he plays in all situations, Merles.
Yep, yep.
Anything else you're seeing there?
That's the two I really like.
You guys mentioned, I think Devils do bounce back.
I don't know if they get the win, but I know they're going to play a lot better.
And because of that, one of the best players in the league, plus 140 for an anytime goal.
Give me Jack Hughes, anytime goal tomorrow or tonight.
Posh is getting to you.
Yeah.
What do you think?
Do you think they come back with Schmid?
Or Schmid, should I say?
I think because he got pulled, it's like, all right, let's go back in.
If he doesn't play good again, then you go home and you can put Vanacek in.
But I don't think it would be right to.
I don't know.
That's a hard one, though.
But no, with how good he was in New York, it was one off night.
The whole team sucked.
I think he goes back in.
Yeah, because after that one bad one in New York, he came back.
Game seven had another shutout.
Yeah.
Has he been like shutout bad, shutout bad?
So shutout next game.
I got this, too.
I got this.
The one I got that was i got this the one i got
that was sick who had a great first game was our boy stalzy i mean won the face off on the first
goal got an apple bing i hit that one stall point um blocking shots i mean he's physical he's big
he's going up against like hughes he's a monster this guy's a freak still. Like, he's just, is he still growing? It's crazy.
And he's just like, he doesn't look like he's going that fast, but he is.
At least he was when I was playing with him.
And then you get in the corner with him, and we called him Gronk, right?
Who's Gronk?
He's just a mutant.
Can't get the puck away from the guy.
Did you see, like, when...
I forget who hit him.
Someone threw a good hit on him, and he turned around.
They had it in slow motion on the broadcast the other night,
and he just death-stared this guy.
He's just like an old, wounded moose.
He's just like, fuck.
He's an old vet now.
Did you see him when he went off?
He, like, got knocked down somewhere, too.
He just slamming the gate like a gronk bomb.
He's just gronk bombing the door.
I love this guy.
Best guy.
Just a solid rock, solid player, too.
Wins, draws heavy on everything.
And he can finish.
My parents got a place in Florida, and they're on the second floor, like a condo.
And right beneath them is Henry and I and i think linda stall no they're
awesome hank so random though like literally like they're right beneath them so that's so great
him a little bit is he like seeing them they're great people yeah awesome people they're they're
great um and it's so cool i mean i imagine it's i imagine they're driving cross state they got
mark and eric playing together together on the Panthers.
Both guys doing a great job.
So, yeah, that's pretty cool.
Other thing is because I hit it the first game and it was kind of lucky,
but it's a five and a half again plus 117.
I'm taking the over again at plus money.
I'm going to ride that.
It's five and a half again.
Five and a half plus money too.
The under five and a half is minus 137.
We don't even know who's going to start your net for New Jersey.
I mean, that's unbelievable.
Great call, Whit.
That's why the people show up.
Let me see it.
I'm going to try to move it to five and see what it is.
Over five minus 162.
So then once you went 2-2, you know you got the push,
but that's a lot of juice.
Yeah, that's a ton of juice.
Listen to these veterans. G, you got anything for that game-2, you know you got the push, but that's a lot of juice. Yeah, that's a ton of juice. Listen to these veterans.
G, you got anything for that game?
G, you're hot.
Don't take a game off.
Don't take a game off.
I'm taking a game off.
Betting responsibly.
Betting responsibly.
I'm taking a game off.
I'm staying hot.
I'm heading into the weekend hot.
All right, then we're going to move on to the Saturday game.
This is after the Kentucky Derby.
We're going to have tons of money from the Derby win
to play on the Vegas Oilers.
Once an Oiler, always an Oiler.
You got anything?
So I think the Oilers bounce back.
Actually, let me pull this up right now because...
How much do you like they bounce back?
Do you like that they bounce back minus one and a half?
You know me.
That's what I want to look at.
What is that?
It's plus 195.
Oh, buddy, I'm hitting that.
I know.
That'll be half of my money line bet on them.
I might take them three-way.
What's the money line, Murr?
Money line on Edmonton minus 120.
Puck line plus 195.
Nice.
I don't have to worry about the
regulation win. So Oilers minus
120 and then sprinkle half
that. So I'm going to go two units on the
Oilers money line. I'm going to go one unit on
the puck line and
player props.
Man, I don't know. That's
tough.
Leon must be minus 800
to get a point. Yeah, I found a nice one i'm looking at for
this i got mcdavid two goals over one and a half goals plus 430 he's got yeah i like that plus 430
he's got to get two goals maybe gets one maybe gets an empty net or he just gets two they're
going to be taking leon away i think they're going to use my power my penalty killing strategy we
talked about on game notes.
So it's going to open it up more for Connor to shoot
the puck. So I'm on McDavid plus
432 goals and then over six and a half
again. Hit that last game, hit that
again. It's a great way to watch those
two teams play, just rooting for goals.
I just don't see those teams playing a 2-1
game, you know what I mean? Give me a Zach
Hyman plus 170 anytime
goal scorer. nudes doesn't
have a goal yet what i know score anytime love that army army i love that i was gonna say hyman
plus 170 i'm in on that with you all right let's ride together baby i love having you cover that
save love having you on my back baby just running with you guys looking at anytime scores hyman and
then what's nudge hyman's plus 170 and nuge plus 180 all right
i'm gonna i'm gonna take both of those army i'm gonna put a little bit more on hyman i love your
call you're hot the army's hot hot hot i don't know how hot i am tonight leafs let me down i
thought they'd bounce back leaf screwed me it's a leaf's fault it's not my fault sorry people
blame the leafs okay blame the leafs, okay? Blame the Leafs.
All right, time to shut her down.
This is what we do.
We shut her down, boys.
Witt, I just want to give a shout-out to one of your more famous Oilers.
Well, not really.
I just want to say rest in peace.
Peter Kalima passed away, well, I guess it was yesterday as we record this,
58 years old, known famously for that triple overtime goal uh in game one in the 90 1990
stanley cup final with your edmonton oilers that crazy helmet he had on always the crazy helmets
yeah he had that gazoo helmet but uh uh kind of a like a name because of that goal but because of
the helmet because of his career too he played in a lot of different teams. I believe he had a cup of coffee with my Pittsburgh Penguins as well.
A career where his name comes up a lot and like lore of like a name of a guy.
It's a unique name as well, Peter Klima.
So rest in peace, Peter.
A lot of people loved you.
A lot of fans out there.
Thanks for what you did for hockey at a young age too.
Way too early.
58 years old.
Way too early. It sucks. And stay tuned over young age, too. Way too early. 58 years old. Way too early.
It sucks.
And stay tuned over the weekend, guys.
Right.
We got the draft lottery coming up on Monday.
Monday night, Merle's.
Yeah.
Huge night.
I think we'll have to get Barstool Chief on Game Notes daily Monday afternoon to just check on him because he is all fired up for that.
And his whole next 10 seasons are relying on this.
And I'll have more info for you.
I'll be flying home from Vancouver on Monday morning.
I'm flying out of Raleigh Saturday morning to fly to Vancouver
to spend Sunday with the Conor Bedard.
Oh, inside.
I'm going up there for Roger Sportsnet nets having me come up and have a little uh
sit down how's she going with connor bedard uh can't wait to meet him can't wait i'm i think i'm
gonna play hockey with him a little powwow that should go good you can't you can't cold shoulder
him yeah don't tell me the guy before he plays in the league that extra quarter weight
she's going uh can't wait to see the way he shoots a puck though like just such a unique before he plays in the league. I got that extra quarter weight. How's she going?
Can't wait to see the way he shoots the puck, though.
Just such a unique guy.
What a season he's had this year.
Well, I mean, since he's coming to Regina,
World Juniors, all that stuff.
So that's coming up on Monday.
We'll have Game Notes Daily on Monday for you as well.
Chicklets Pods, Tuesday, Friday next week.
Tuesday, Friday, and then Game Notes Daily,
Monday through Friday.
Monday through Friday. There we go.
Broad programming schedule.
Programming schedule. Unbelievable.
Gee, way to go. We got everything coming out.
Thanks to everyone for coming along with us. We've got content coming out
everywhere with regular chicklets, chicklets,
Game Notes and Game Notes Daily
which is our live broadcast. You're right,
Gee. So thank you everyone. We're going to
Thanks Mugsy Jeans again. They gave me this jean jacks they're unbelievable i love it
i'm obsessed with mugsy jeans they're like sweat best jeans i'm telling you for hockey players you
had trouble with them get the mugsy jeans they're the best you can sleep in them they're so
comfortable when you've slept in a pair of jeans, put these on. Can I sleep? I would just like to be able to sleep with anything.
Can I go to sleep?
You guys see how bright it is here now?
Dallas comes out 37-27, shots on goal, 4-2 score.
Series tied 1-1.
Pavelski again, another goal tonight.
Unbelievable effort by him.
Ottinger, his stats after a loss continue to become legendary,
as you mentioned, Merle's in the show.
Yeah, we'll see him all over Twitter now.
It's unreal.
I took him for the series today.
I put another little unit on them, minus 109 for the series today.
So huge win for me.
Huge win.
There it is, everybody.
Whit, thanks for sticking with us all night.
Unbelievable to have you.
Of course, boys.
It's a pleasure being here.
Great job.
Always fun hot-stoving with you guys,
especially during a game like this.
This was fun.
Yeah.
And we actually won it all.
I love it.
Great.
Congrats.
All right, boys.
Enjoy the weekend.
Kentucky Derby Saturday.
Check our Twitters.
I'll have some pics.
I'll have some videos for some other action.
Oh, the Derby.
Merles, don't quit.
Sweet Lou will be in effect, hopefully.
Sweet Lou.
Hopefully Sweet Lou comes in.
What did Sweet Lou have in email? He had the favorite, Forte. Okay. Sweet Lou will be in effect. Hopefully. Hopefully. Sweet Lou have an email.
He had the favorite forte.
Okay.
All right.
That's it.
There it is.
There's sweet lose pick.
All right,
boys.
Another great show.
I'll be in,
I'll be in Raleigh tomorrow.
Check us out there.
I'll be in between the benches and I'll look forward to seeing you guys next
week.
Have a great weekend.
G enjoy London.
