Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
I feel so tired, I can't understand material we're doing right now, but this is dedication to the craft. We have a new super producer. Mikey Grinelli, we're calling him, even though it's Grinnell.
We're calling him Mikey Grinelli, but even though it's Mike Grinnell,
we have a new super producer
who's taking care of everything. It's kind of a disaster
today, but we're dedicated to the show.
We want to get some content out today because it's such a great
night. And we love all you guys and the NHL.
You know what it's all about. And on
a true, honest level, we do want to say thank you.
This is going to be a little bit quicker of a show than usual
Due to time constraints
And due to us being six inches apart from each other
Yeah, this is getting hot by the way
No, we want to say thanks
Listen, last weekend
We went to number one on fucking iTunes
Sports and Rec's podcast
And we are stunned that that happened still
And we want to say thank you to everybody that made that happen
Everybody who subscribed Gave opinions Didn't you shit your pants i shit my but i do that every
weekend that's you know whatever big deal that happens i thought we're going to talk about that
but seriously thank you to everybody uh also i want to say thank you to charlie wisco because
without charlie wisco spitting chiclets never gets off the ground uh he was our early producer
kept everything going but logistics just aren't working right now.
We need our own Hank, and we did find him with Mike Grinnell,
and we're going to definitely bring the show to the next level.
And Wisconsin didn't cover against Ohio State, so fuck you, Charlie Wisco.
Eat your challenge, Wisco.
So we do have a new producer.
Again, bear with us today.
The text has been a little bit of an issue.
But how about the Canucks, Brian?
Should they break up the Canucks?
Honestly, I don't even understand
the fact that the Canucks come out this
hot. It makes no sense. Everyone
picked them to finish close to dead last. They come
out, they haven't lost. Markstrom,
who I played with in the minors, Jacob Markstrom, ridiculous
goalie, tall, rangy,
makes crazy saves, looks unbelievable.
And at the same time
That they're dominating, LA and the Ducks
Were just horrendous, and they finally
Got their first wins last night, so there's a lot going on
In the NHL
It's kind of a good thing, yesterday's aborted podcast
Was aborted, because I think we should
All of those teams that won last night
So this take two has been a pleasure for us
Jeremy Yeager
750 goals, dude.
It's insanity.
And he's still got a sick head of hair on him.
And here's the thing.
If he didn't go to Europe for those years,
and he didn't mill it in all those Washington years,
it's not out of the record that he passed Gretzky's record.
No, no, no.
Gretzky has more assists than anyone else has points.
He was never touching Gretzky's record.
I'm talking about the goal record. Oh, okay, okay. I seezky has more assists than anyone else has points. He was never touching Gretzky. I'm talking about the goal record.
Oh, okay, okay. I see what you're saying.
But you're probably right. The only problem
is he was down so much money from
gambling that he had to go back to Russia to make such
sick cake for three years. So that's why he went.
It wasn't for his lack of love for the NHL.
He just needed some cash. Do you think he still
gambles to the same extent? I mean, I'm the same
age as you are. I think he's two months older than me. I don't think he can
because I don't think, no matter how much money
you have, if you're gambling like him. I had a guy
in Pittsburgh that used to work with the team
when he was there, when I was there as well. He told me
that one night he went to Vegas
with Jags and he lost a million dollars.
I want five million AR.
But you know, you gotta respect that.
The guy came out, he's just lighting it up
on the scoreboard, gambling, just loving
life. I mean, you can't watch him and not just be completely shocked by what he's doing.
He's 43.
43 years old.
You're 43?
Is he 43?
You guys look similar.
You have similar builds.
Honestly, come on.
I wish I had his head of hair.
It's been a long time.
I think he's like a month or two older than me.
It's like, how is this guy still doing it?
I mean, it's like, you know, Recchi.
Well, Mark Recchi was here.
He won a Stanley Cup with the Bruins.
And he was, you know, 42 years old, I think.
Still getting it done.
Still producing.
But he just, when he gets the puck, nobody can get it from him.
If you watch him down low, oh, he burnt me.
Actually, someone chirped me on Twitter just a couple days ago.
He walked me in Edmonton when he was on Dallas for an OT winner.
Wait, so wait, somebody chirped you on Twitter?
I know, I can't believe it.
All those Oilers fans, they just really don't understand sarcasm.
When I tried saying that they lost the trade for Adam Larson after three games,
they didn't realize I was kidding and figured that one out.
You usually can't judge a trade after three games, let alone one season.
So shout out to those Oilers people for flipping out and not getting any sarcasm on Twitter.
But I did get a great trip about when Yags toe-dragged me, walked me in Rexall plays.
And I asked for a stick after the game.
What am I supposed to do?
It's Yaga.
What do you think?
I'm like, I was upset that I got walked and we lost.
But he's one of the best players of all time.
I want a stick.
He chirped you?
No, he didn't chirp me.
He was probably just like, that was no big deal for me.
That was nothing.
That was a walk in the park toe-dragging me.
So, I mean, it's basically history every night with that guy.
I mean, the only two players that have scored more goals than Gordie Howe and Wayne Gretzky,
and I just, you know, he's a guy we need to appreciate.
It's really, it's just something that, you know, you don't even really kind of realize what's going on
until you're looking every single night he's coming closer and closer
and gaining ground on guys that he's passed. of the game and you're like he never has gotten
the respect he deserved and i think part of it is because of how he acted in washington and all that
money he took yeah because people have always considered him a dog when if you look at him i
mean those years in pittsburgh when he came into the league 19 years old like remember that goalie
scored against chicago in the in the finals in 91 yep unbelievable stuff that was he scored against Chicago in the finals in 91? Yep, unbelievable.
He's brought you out of your seat for 23 seasons now.
It's incredible.
Yeah, he's been a treat for the game.
He's definitely had, I think a lot of fans maybe sour on him when he did go to Europe just because he was a dog in Washington.
But he's definitely the old guy everybody cheers for.
I was playing.
I wasn't in the NHL when he had already left the NHL.
It was called the Super League then in Russia.
It wasn't the KHL.
And he played in Omsk.
And I thought at the time, like, oh, Jagr's gone forever.
Like, I just figured he was kind of older already at that point.
He was probably 34.
And he went over like, oh, well, you know, he's going back.
He's from Czech.
You know, he's going to live in Russia.
And like not even thinking he'd be back to maybe play a year or two.
He's been back for like six years
on six different teams and every year he gets
20 goals and he just loves the game man
it's to have that like dedication
and you know he has like a key to every
like I think every team he gets a key to the
he goes to the arena at like two in the
morning and he's just a bizarre
cat he just skates he wears
he wore a weight vest
in a preseason game this year.
When he came
The whole game.
He was with the Bruins for that 13 run.
I remember after one of the games I was covering,
and I'm walking down the hallway, and I see this just hulking dude,
and he may have had a weighted vest on.
I'm not positive, but, I mean, he's a big dude.
He's a monster.
And it's after the game, and it's about an hour after,
and he's walking down the hall.
I'm sorry, jogging down the hall, getting his workout in at like 1230 at night
and just getting at it still at that age.
I used to think as a player, I was like,
he's just doing this to get media talking and attention.
And then I actually talked to some guys who play with him.
They're like, no, he's a legit sick bastard, and he's a sick human.
He's completely twisted the way he thinks about training
and feeling heavier during practice,
that he feels a little lighter during the games.
But when you're 240, that probably makes a huge difference.
The thing is that the one thing that he does
is he just makes every single player around him better
because he creates space for everyone.
So people go to him down low,
and he's obviously fighting people off with his back turn.
And then they always bring another guy in to try to get him when he's looking one way,
you come in, take the puck, and then pretty much two-on-one him down low.
All of a sudden, he's got little, little dishes, setting guys up that have space that they
never would have had if it wasn't two guys having to go to him.
So it's just been a run and a half.
This is Jaramiz Asens, the company.
How can I help you?
That sounds German.
That was German, I think. Come on, guy. You're European. Oh, what are you, a Mr. Ziz is Yaramiz Assens, the company. How can I help you? That sounds German. That was German,
I think.
Come on,
guys.
Oh,
what are you,
a Mr.
Bavarian over here?
I can't do a difference
between a French
and a Hispanic accent.
So,
you know,
I'm not sure.
I think it's time
to switch the subject.
Beautiful scene
to open the Bruins game.
And I know people,
you know,
who are too Bruins centric,
but this is,
this is a hockey centric.
Yeah,
that was worth,
this is worth bringing up.
Before the Bruins game last night, I don't know if you saw it,
Bobby Orr wheeled out the 98-year-old Milt Schmidt,
two of the greatest living legends of the game, two great Bruins.
1918 Milt was born.
Dude, Bobby Orr broke into the league 50 years ago.
Milt broke in 80 years ago.
And Bobby brought him out to center ice, and he still got it.
If you go to my blog today on Barstool, scroll down.
There's a great clip from the Bruins website of a conversation that the media
had with Orr and Schmidt before the game.
And, you know, 98 years old, I mean, that's old.
And a lot of guys, people at that age don't have their faculty,
don't out with it.
He was getting interviewed, and, I mean, you know, he obviously talked a little bit slow,
but he still was sharp as a tack.
It was just beautiful to watch.
I mean, it was, you know, whether you're a Bruins fan or not,
it just, you couldn't help but get, like, warmth in the cockles of your heart watching that last night.
No, I know, and you don't think of Milt Schmidt.
Did you say cockles in your heart?
Right this close to me, dude.
Just cut the shit.
You said cockles in your heart? Right this close to me, dude. Just cut the shit. You said cockles.
But as a, so I never got to see Bobby Orr play, unfortunately.
I actually remember being younger and my dad putting on just a VHS of his just highlights.
And just, I would watch it all the time.
But never got to see him play.
I never even, like, considered even knowing there was, was there video when Milt Schmidt played?
So it's like we have the respect and the admiration for Orr,
but if you were born after 1970, you don't even know.
Unless you saw him play, you probably really can't sit there and say,
oh, he was that great, because you're right, there was just not a lot of video from that era.
So I know nothing about Milt Schmidt besides the fact that he's been a
staple within the Bruins organization for 80 years.
Right, well, I mean, coach, GM, you know, he did win cups after he played.
He's, you know, he's just such a respected legend.
He's such a nice guy, too.
I mean, he's just.
And to see Orr, you know, pushing him out on the wheelchair, it was actually really
special, not just for Bruins fans, but that's league-wide.
That's the league taking care of each other as you get older.
And people that, both of those guys, I bet you the first thing they'd say,
I saw Gretzky say it recently,
is they've always felt blessed and honored to play in the NHL.
That's exactly how I feel.
And that's how I think most players feel.
But to see someone that's that old still doing pretty well,
he's still with it.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
98. I can't remember anything.
And I'm 33.
That guy's got sharp as a tack.
But I don't even understand the fact that they had Orr out there pushing him.
Orr looks better than he did 10 years ago.
He had the nasty limp.
I think he had his knees replaced. And we've discussed him before.
He was my agent.
I was lucky enough to have him as an agent. And I told you briefly one time, he's such a good guy.
Forget all his hockey playing abilities and how he changed the game forever, which he truly did.
He used to call my grandmother. We didn't even know he did it. Once a month, he would call her
just to say hi. He had no reason to do it. He didn't have to at all, but he met her one time at a family cookout or something,
and that's the type of person he was.
So to see him pushing him and to see him looking that good,
it makes me feel even better knowing him personally,
and you as a diehard Bruins fan probably just loved it.
It was, yeah.
Just loved it.
I don't want to use the word porn when discussing a 90-year-old man,
but it was definitely Bruins porn for guys like us.
It was great to see. Again, watch, but it was definitely Bruins porn for guys like us. It was great
to see. Again, watch the
video clip on the Bruins Twitter feed.
Just you look at Bobby watching
Milt with this warmth and appreciation
and you can tell he genuinely loves the guy.
It was just really funny the way he told the stories
and Bobby told that great story that Shaughnessy
wrote about and I think it was Tuesday or Wednesday's
Globe. Shank. Shank.
The old CHB.
He told the story of, you know,
Bobby being on a fishing with
Gordie Howe when he was 12.
And, you know, Bobby was already getting scouted
and, you know, Gordie asked Bobby what he wanted
to do when he got older. He said, I want to play
in the NHL. And Gordie Howe, like, I think
he was being dead serious. He says, well, watch your
elbows. Watch my elbows when you get there.
And of course, so he makes it in his first game in the NHL at the Garden,
his first to Red Wings.
And he said in the story that, Sean, he got up a little too high when he hit Gordie Howell.
Later in the game, he was admiring one of his beautiful passes, and Gordie caught him.
Which was easy to do.
Yeah.
Weren't we all on videotape all night?
My parents had season tickets.
So neither one of us were.
Honestly, I might be here because of Bob Ewell. My parents had season tickets. I might be here because of Barbio. My parents had season
tickets before I was born.
So they were getting after it
maybe after one of his big games, his big first
games?
Maybe the night he sniped first, you were just conceived.
I was 72 cup. They did clinch
in the Madison Square Garden, but I
was at all the games at Boston Garden.
My mother was late pregnant. I was due, I think,
May 10th. Really? I was late.
I was born the 24th.
All those games that my parents went to,
my mother was legit nine months pregnant
at the Garden with me in utero.
I need a pop. Dude, you talk about
Sandish and Orr, and she
pops. No, no, that was 1970.
Come on, bro. Oh, yeah. 72.
Dude, you want to talk about obstructed view?
Come on, bro. I mean yeah. 72. Dude, you want to talk about obstructed view? Come on, bro.
I mean, I know.
And in your heart, you're like, I'm a Bruins fan because I was in that arena.
I was physically there.
I didn't know.
Have you ever watched hockey throw in the amniotic sac?
It's still better than Comcast's SD feed, I'll tell you that.
The awful, the awful Comcast.
Yeah, I actually would say, though, that there is no part of me surprised
that you were somehow at that game in your mother's stomach.
Was she crushing beers, you think?
It was 1972, and it was the Stanley Cup.
I forgive her.
It was the 70s.
People were hauling butts.
I played with a guy who'll go unnamed, a Russian guy,
whose wife was five months pregnant at the Super Bowl party,
and she was crushing beers with shots of vodka in every beer.
And I was like, hey, dude, to the guy, what's up with your wife crushing beers?
She's pregnant.
He's like, we're from Russia.
That's what we do.
That's what we do.
I think I'm fine doing my mother's drink.
I said, holy shit.
So I know your mom was probably crushing them.
I love my mother.
She talks about pregnant mothers today.
She's like, they're such pussies,
my mom. She's like, we went to the doctor
once, and they're like, you do me, and
then you went when you were due.
She's like, now she can't stand it.
It's a steroid. It's like prenatal vitamins.
Exactly. We should get my mother in here. She'd be a great
guest. Anyway, so back
to the Bruins. As for the game itself,
we had to talk.
They finally got their leader, and the best two-way player player in the game I would say Patrice Bergeron back
and what does he do gets the game winner with a minute 19 to go and it's like you you're just
waiting for him to get back they asked Claude earlier in the week you know what do you whoever
asked it what a foolish question um do you miss Bergeron he goes yeah what what part of the game
you miss him and he goes every single part and he What part of the game do you miss him in? He goes, every single part. And he comes back
and gets the win. That's like asking a guy if he misses
blowjobs. Yeah, you think?
Depending on who they're from.
Blowjobs are like pizza, brother.
Even when it's bad, it's good.
You just don't want any teeth
in your pizza, though. So, anyways,
Bershon, again, I mean,
this kid is the best player in the league right now.
He's leading the NHL in scoring with three goals and six assists in just four games.
He's tied with Brent Burns.
Brent Burns has played one more game.
Yeah, but still, they're tied.
You know what it's like.
You know, if you finish 81 games, it's post-82.
It's these scores.
You just, it's your boy.
Okay, I'll give you that one.
2.25 points per game.
But the goal Marshawn scored last night, just his snapshot, it's getting better every year.
And we've talked about his game reaching another level.
And I think partly it's because he's kind of staying away from the shit that kind of made him be hated by so many other team's fans.
He kind of really has almost changed his game to still have that edge and play with that ratness that people hate to play against.
But it's not completely consuming his game,
and he's not getting into shit after every whistle.
And I think that's what's really bringing him to the next level
and showing that he's as skilled as almost anyone in the league.
And the way he protects the puck is for a small guy
and dangles through guys' triangles and feet.
It's now, I mean, the season, I think it could be a 40-goal, 45-goal season for him.
The way he's going right now is unbelievable.
And 37 seemed like a lot last year.
It did.
He's dynamic.
Obviously, he got tremendous confidence from the World Cup,
and his balls are clanging all over the ice right now.
Big old brass Bruins balls.
But like you said, his puck control, utilizing it,
almost like we were just talking about Jagger, his ass and stick,
he was kind of doing that, just on a different angle because he's shorter.
Ass and stick. He waited until Bergeron went high slot, found
him, boom. And thank God for that third period
because, I mean, Jacques Lemaire's
gone, Lou Lamorello's gone.
Oh, my fucking God. Why are they so boring?
I said it last night, and I wrote it. I would
rather watch, like, four fucking Merchant Ivory
films in a row than Spend the Devils.
And you really can't, I mean, Jacques Lemaire
started it when the trap became a thing
in 1995, but
you can't blame the coaches really
because it's the players they have. They have some
really good overall hockey players, but Taylor Hall
is by far and away their most dynamic.
They have nobody else really like him to create excitement
and speed in games like when you see the Penguins
play or even
the Oilers play who look great
to start the year.
4-0, dude. They lost to start the year. Oh, my God.
4-0, dude.
I mean.
No, they lost to Buffalo at home.
They got worked.
That's right.
They got up.
They got.
And then, I don't know if you, did you see the story where the CBA, since the last lockout,
mandated that every seven days teams get a day off now to make sure.
They decided to cancel their day off, their CBA-mandated day off,
after they lost to Buffalo.
The players decided to do it, but it was at the coach's recommendation.
So it kind of became a little bit a thing in the media and around the league
because you really can't do that.
But if the players are agreeing to move their day off,
it almost just shows that Edmonton's kind of reaching that level
where we're not going to stand for a shitty home performance early in the year.
We're going to build on what we're doing.
And then they come out and they win last night against St. Louis.
So it was more self-improvement than Jimmy Hoffa.
Yeah, I think in the end, I mean, they probably wanted their day off.
But if the guy's like, guys, we sucked last night.
And who knows?
He could have ripped them.
He could have ripped into McDavid to rip into the team.
But he could have probably said, guys, we sucked last night.
Let's just get on the ice tomorrow.
The day off will be the day after that.
And it all worked out well, and then you see they win their next game.
So little things like that can actually make a huge difference.
But Edmonton's done things that we haven't seen them do,
and it's all based on McDavid.
Watching this kid play, I think I'm going to say it every podcast,
watch the Oilers play because there's been nobody else like this kid
since Crosby.
It's an every-10-year type player.
And he scored an empty net goal last night.
He got the puck and skated, I think, by three St. Louis guys
who all had to step on him just to put in the empty net.
Like, probably the easiest goal of his career was still impressive.
Seriously, like, there's not too many times.
The mic just fell.
Just bear with us here, folks.
We're struggling through this.
We're dedicated to the fans, to the podcast.
It's not too often that an empty net goal is a highlight goal,
and he had one of those last night.
And like we said at the show last week, you know,
Austin Matthews, huge four goals first night.
This week it was Patrick Laine for Winnipeg.
I mean, that kid, he looks like a
He's going to release a Lovetchkin.
Exactly.
He looks like a young Ovechkin.
Just with the release.
He just has that dynamic hard shot.
And to see Team Mussolini tweeting out the new sheriff in town as a Finnish sniper himself,
that stuff's great to see with all the old players in, current players getting involved with the Twitter.
It kind of filters out the media spin, and it's just them talking to the fans,
and it shows their fans, and it's like you say, make hockey fun again.
Yeah, I mean, and...
Or make it fun for the first time.
Yeah, that...
Well, and you've got to forget, like, don't forget, on Toronto,
I've watched Matthews, five goals already,
just doing basically what everyone was wondering if he would do,
kind of the way McDavid did last year. They have William Nylander, who looks great. They have Mitch Marner,
just young talent. It's a different group of young stars now, and they all approach everything
differently. I'm telling you, it used to be guys who go out after Saturday night games get loaded.
You know, Thursday night game, you have a big night out, have some beers.
The whole way that younger guys approach the game has completely changed.
They're so dedicated.
It's hockey 12 months a year.
They don't take time off the ice anymore.
And that's why you're seeing just this incredible young talent come into the league every year,
and that's why the game is even faster every season that we have.
So these new guys playing, it just makes it fun for fans and it makes it fun for us to
talk about them because we get to see their personal lives on the social media stuff we're
talking about.
It makes it more fun.
You're 100 right.
Because the old school way of not enjoying it and not really realizing that it's a game.
People wanted to play it their entire life and then you get up there and you start.
The old school way was to not say anything.
It's like the Belichick way, which is fine, whatever,
but as a fan, it's so much better the way it is now.
I love the celebrations guys have.
I love the way the game looks,
and the start of this year couldn't have gone any better, I think.
The first four or five games every team's played,
the league's on fire.
It's getting talked about, and there's tons of goals.
So, you know, it's just over city.
The phenomenal talent in the league, I've never seen anything like it.
I mean, I know there was good talent in the 70s and 80s,
and guys did score a lot of goals, but that's because there was no goalie technique.
And, you know, guys who scored maybe 35, 40 goals then,
they might not score 20 today because the goalies are so much better.
But you're right, The talent level is...
And the skating. Oh, the skating. It's just
everything is better. The conditioning. The guys
take care of themselves better. And you're right. Toronto,
they have so much young talent there.
Obviously, I'm not going to be pulling for them, but it's great
for the league. I think
it's great when Toronto's good.
It's great for the league. It's so much better for
hockey if the Maple Leafs were one of the top teams.
It really is. Because if teams are going up into Toronto, which they call the center of the hockey universe,
and Toronto's shit-kicking teams up there, it would be awesome for the game.
Because they have waited a long time.
They've spent a lot of money to see a lot of bad teams over the years.
And I don't think this year they'll make the playoffs, but they're more entertaining than they were before.
Remember, we used to say, oh, the Leafs are on sweet.
Great.
Fun to watch them.
You wouldn't even consider watching them.
But now, I mean, it's literally every night when there's a game on center ice,
there's somebody on some team that you want to watch.
It seems like whether they're a budding superstar
or you might have a local connection to or whatever,
it's just so many great young players, man.
It's awesome right now.
And we were talking about all the young talent and how fast hockey is now,
but I watched Dallas, L.A. last night.
That was old-school hockey.
That's what still makes it the greatest game.
Quote Meatloaf, you took the words out of my mouth.
When he sings, I just back off.
But, honest, Patrick Sharp got labeled.
Labeled.
Tattoo.
Tattoo. By Braden McNabb.
You saw Antoine Roussel go completely bananas on the ice when the ref got in there.
Figure that one out.
Then he gets into the penalty box.
He's snapping things in there because he was the only penalty that got called.
LA got a power play up by one and a third.
Finally, Oleskiak comes bombing in from the point.
260 pounds.
Runs over McNabb.
They fight.
So it was a complete old school type night in which you saw Sharp leave and not come back.
And his head hit the boards hard.
Yeah, I hate to see that, especially a good guy like Patrick Schaap.
Don't see many hits like that anymore.
But, you know, we do have to emphasize it was a legal hit.
And, you know, that's one of those situations where hockey is a hard physical sport
and concussions are going to happen when legal things happen.
And it sucks and you hate to see it.
But that's when concussions, unfortunately, are part of the game.
Because, like I said, Sharp's a great guy, great ambassador for the game.
You hate to see a guy.
And I believe he's had a couple over the years, if I'm not mistaken.
So you hate to see a guy get hurt.
But you're right.
Even though we have this new influx of talent and, you know,
it's so great to see the old school.
Like, I wish I watched that game.
Obviously, I was watching the Bruins last night.
But that had such an old-fashioned feel.
Like, I mean, guys were burying guys.
Just thunderous hits.
It's like George Paros in the Hattie release,
make hockey violent again.
So, you know, you don't want it back in the old days, I think I've said before on this podcast
how the setup fights, I'm glad those are gone.
Because if you square off with somebody three minutes into a game
because you're both considered fighters in the fourth line
and there's nothing that has happened to cause the fight,
that type of beating that guys took and the head injuries,
those made no sense.
So those should be gone.
But everyone loves a good tilt out of a scrum or a big hit.
It'll always be that way.
Absolutely.
You want that stuff from pure emotion, not like just because we have to do it.
And, you know, as a human, as a person with some sense of compassion, you look at, you know, what's happened to a lot of these guys who've gotten older and who fought and what kind of lives they have now.
And it's like, yeah, you know what?
I don't want to see these guys sacrifice themselves just to entertain me.
Like I say, I didn't watch hockey for the fights.
I watched hockey for the hockey.
The fights are always an entertain and bonus.
And obviously fighting is lower and lower every year.
I don't think it's ever going to be obsolete,
but it's just always there kind of in case of emergency break last thing.
And it is a violent game, guys.
Get heated.
It'll always happen.
It'll always happen.
But like you say, there's so much talent.
The league is so great.
And the parody in the NHL is pisser as opposed to the shitty parody of the NFL.
Don't even get me going.
What a scumbag league.
We don't want to talk about that.
Well, unless you want to talk about the easy money of the fucking bet against the Bears.
Green Bay, thank you.
Cash train.
You did have to earn it.
Back up the Brinks truck.
You did have to earn it, though, last night.
I was nervous for, like, the first half.
Oh, how about this?
I put the fucking bet in, I want to say Monday.
You know, my brother's, oh, fucking Green Bay's going to pound him, blah, blah, blah.
The line opened at nine.
So I bet it down to eight and a half.
It went to seven, didn't it?
It went down to fucking seven and a half, okay?
So I'm watching the game.
You know, Green Bay, I mean, yeah, they go up their cover, and then they're up, what, 20-10.
They score another touchdown.
I'm like, all right, perfect.
They're going to be up 17.
I can't lose this bet.
So I get to EEI office.
They miss the extra point.
I saw the  I'm like, what is it, 26?
I know.
It's eight here.
And Chicago's got the ball in their march.
And they're obviously going to go for two because they're down 16.
And it's the most backdoor cover when they start completing every pass.
Oh, my God, yeahble and you're like,
what the fuck?
Why is this a different game now?
All of a sudden,
Barkley's Botkowski out there
and I'm shitting my pants.
Matt Barkley,
I go,
this is not the same guy
from USC.
And someone's like,
yeah, it is.
I was like,
this is going to be
the worst beat.
No.
And?
Yeah, thank God.
They made the pick
and then I looked it up after
and the son of a bitch
missed the frigging extra point.
If I lost that,
I would have flown
to Green Bay and pil-drived somebody.
It's like when Bill Parcells said, I don't need him to kick.
I don't need him to play.
I need him to kick.
Just don't miss kick.
Don't miss extra points.
Today's podcast definitely has the sweaty balls feel to it, doesn't it, with this microphone set up?
In addition to the humidity today, too.
Mikey's going to set up a Twitter account for Spittin' Chicklets,
and then that's where we can get all the pictures of you and I face-to-face with this microphone.
Absolutely, yeah.
Give him another piece of gum, Mikey.
I know.
Mikey, our new super producer here is already working miracles.
Believe me, we recorded a show yesterday, me and Ryan, and it was aborted.
It was a good show.
It was pissing, man.
We were bullshitting.
It was in Portnoy.
I thought it was funnier than our first episode.
You didn't forget to press record.
It just broke.
No, I didn't pull a port.
Come on, will you?
I didn't pull a Portnoy.
Looks like I pulled a homer.
No, I didn't pull a Portnoy.
The fucking mixer shit the bed.
Mikey Grinnell, you will back us up right here.
He saw it broke.
It's Mikey Grinnell, but everyone listening, isn't it Mikey Grinnell?
Yeah, I mean, like an old not then guy.
By the way,
we were talking before the game, Ryan,
it's about funny movies.
You've never seen Airplane, dude.
Like, what the fuck, dude?
No, I've never seen Airplane.
Like, listeners that aren't over the age of 39,
have you, if anyone,
have you, Mikey?
Yeah, dude.
Oh, like I was fucking,
like I was alive when The Wizard of Oz was out.
Fucking Casablanca.
I haven't seen that either.
I haven't seen that either.
Get out of here.
I have seen that one.
But you, is it that good?
I will say, you probably feel like I feel when I lived with Taylor Hall and Jordan Eberle.
We were sitting around, we were sitting around one night.
This is three years ago or four years ago, maybe.
And we were like, let's throw on a movie.
I'm like, yeah, dude, Chris Farley.
Let's get a Chris Farley movie.
I'll get Tommy Boy on.
They're like, what?
I'm like, you haven't seen Tommy Boy?
They're like, no.
I go, you're kidding me, right?
They're like, I'm not watching that.
That's so old.
Harry Potter, is that what they wanted?
No, they wanted like a Kevin Hart comedy.
Maybe this is how you feel about Airplane,
how I felt towards them about them disliking Tommy Boy. Kevin Hart movies Like Maybe this is how You feel about Airplane How I felt towards them
About them
Disliking Tommy Boy
God
Kevin Hart movies
Are the worst
But Airplane dude
Honestly
It's one of the
Three to five
Funniest movies ever
Probably one of the
Top three funny movies
Top three funniest movies
You've ever seen
Possibly yeah
It's I mean
Blazing Saddles is up there
Blazing Saddles is incredible
It's
It would never be made now.
No, God, no.
Is Airplane similar in the type of jokes that wouldn't be made now?
A couple, but you've seen The Naked Gun.
Yeah, love it.
OJ.
Oh, no, it worked.
The same guys who directed The Naked Gun made Airplane.
Okay.
It's the same type of humor, the same gags.
I mean, it's legit.
It was on, I think, Amazon Prime.
Go seek it out. It's legitimately, it's sight gags, it's legit. It was on, I think, Amazon Prime. Go seek it out.
It's legitimately, it's sight gags.
It's fucking puns.
It's legitimately one of the funniest.
All right, I'm going to watch it before next week.
And I got a feeling that the humor is right up your alley.
Yeah, go watch it.
And whoever's listening, seriously,
Airplane with the exclamation point, 1980,
I believe it came out.
Absolutely hysterical.
Get on it.
So, yeah, bingo, that's it right there.
Oh, wow. So it was three
years before I was born. And Mikey Grinelli, where were
you born, Mikey? 93.
So Mikey, I mean, no chance he's watching.
Worst excuses ever.
Oh, I was born here. It's like, have you ever heard of
a fucking VCR or DVD player?
Come on, bro.
He probably hasn't heard of a VCR. Those things aren't around either, bro.
Yeah, no kidding. I date myself a little more. I mean, Casablanca, I mean, one of the great movies of all time. It was out in the 40s, bro. Like, I citizen. He probably hasn't heard of VCR. Those things aren't around either, bro. Yeah, no kidding. I date myself a little more.
I mean, Casablanca, I mean, one of the great movies of all time.
It was out in the 40s, man.
You can still watch it.
That's my beef with a lot of young kids today is they don't.
If it didn't happen on their watch, they have no fucking desire to see it.
And I think that's sad.
And for people who don't know, actually nobody would know.
The first time I met you, you brought that up.
Fucking kids nowadays, we were crushing beers. And I'm like'm like okay you're very passionate about it because you had told me
10 minutes into meeting you how much you couldn't stand kids these days they won't watch it that
wasn't around when they were before they were born hilarious i don't even have a fucking lawn
to throw them off of either but yeah it's just that you know appreciate what came before you
man i just think to me it's like not i'm mad it's just like you're missing out man there's just so
much like i mean the 70s were the greatest probably decade of movies ever,
and people just don't want to go back and watch them
because the movies, you need a little more patience than today.
Kevin Hart, he's cracking jokes every two seconds now.
Oh, my God.
I'd rather light 10 on fire than see a fucking Kevin Hart in a rocket.
Where do you go get a movie ticket for 10 now?
Probably the Berkshires.
Oh, so there was another NHL thing
because this is going to be a quick show because
we're kind of rattled. We've been battling this, but
we had to bring out Shea Weber last night in Montreal
who made his statement as a Canadian.
He had a goal. He had an assist. He
hammered, absolutely
hammered somebody
on the Coyotes. Tobias Ryder it was.
Caught up to him. One of the faster
players in the league. Weber shows how good of a skater he is, catch up to him,
hammers, gets a big goal.
So he's making his presence felt, announcing his presence with authority,
and Montreal's off to a hard start.
Price was back last night, obviously got a win.
So I think Boston-Montreal this year is going to be special.
When Shaw comes back and Marchand and him and how Montreal is much improved,
I can't wait until they start playing.
Shea Weber might make Bruins fans long for P.K. Subian.
Yeah, I mean, there's a sense where, you know,
the thing is P.K. was such a Bruins killer.
That goal he scored to tie up the game late in 2011?
Yeah, game 7-0-11.
Oh, with that little...
So the things like that, Bruins fans couldn't stand him
because he always crushed him.
But yeah, you might see Weber this year and be like, oh, shit, this guy's better.
Oh, no.
You'll probably be flipping out.
I know you on the couch.
But I don't really see how when they play each other this year,
it won't be back to a few years ago when it's actually both teams are doing good.
Because last year was just a write-off.
When they played, it didn't even feel like the rivalry game anymore.
Yeah, they'll definitely lack passion. I mean, the Canadians had no price. The Bruins were kind of limp-dicking it through the year last year was just a write-off when they played it didn't even feel like the rivalry game anymore yeah they'll definitely lack passion i mean they had canadians had no price the bruins
were kind of limp dicking it through the year last year and going back to them quickly they
definitely just seem like a different team already this year the bruins as far as they i got i gotta
give you credit i think back has just made a big i think he's made a big difference in terms of how
they play um they look like they're playing harder, and they're just like,
what's the correct way to put it?
They're just being pricks to play against all of them,
not just a couple guys.
You see the best teams to play against, they're all hard.
The best teams to watch are the hardest teams to play against,
and because of that, the Bruins, they finally brought it back.
They finally are doing it again, because last year it was just laissez-faire. It didn't even feel like they wanted to win games. And Bacchus is their signing that's completely
never had that spoken about him. If he's done anything, he's played hard always. And so it's
kind of like they're following his lead. The only thing I wish they would do is give Bergeron the C.
It drives me nuts because it's's normal now you've seen it happen
in San Jose
when Thornton got it taken away
and Pavelski took it
you saw it happen
where was the other team
who did it
somewhat recently
this is an older example
but when they took it
from Moe
and gave it to Brendan Morrow
that was very controversial
at the time
the Kings did it
and the Kings did it this year
they gave it to Kopitar
Mikey Grinelli
fucking writes
damn bingo
Patrice Bergeron is the captain of the team.
And Char, yeah, he was an amazing player.
And for a guy who signed for 49 million, he lived up to every,
he was never at one point overpaid, you know.
And he's going to come to the end of his career.
That's going to happen to anyone.
But it's Bergeron's team now that put the C on him
because I think that that means a lot.
Like, you can say whatever you want that he's the unspoken captain,
but to have the C on the jersey I think that that means a lot. You can say whatever you want that he's the unspoken captain, but to have the C on the jersey of the team that drafted you and that you've become
a superstar for, I think it's the right thing
to do. I think what Chara's got this year
and what, next year on his contract, I believe.
I know, but Bergeron, he's 31 years
old. You've got to give him the time
that he deserves. Right, but my point is
I don't think they're going to take the C off of Chara
when he's got a year left on his deal.
I think that's probably the succession plan. I don't think they're going to take the C off of Char with when he's got a year left on his deal. I think that's probably the succession plan.
I don't think they're going to re-sign Char after this contract.
Then Bergeron's still going to have a few years left.
I just don't see the need to maybe strip, for lack of a better word,
strip the captaincy of Char just to give it to Bergeron.
See, I guess that's a good point because the way you word it like that
is the way the media would word it, that they stripped him of his cabin to see it.
It really isn't that.
It's more about rewarding Bergeron, but you're right.
It makes for an unnecessary storyline.
All right, so that's probably going to wrap it up for this second episode on the Barstool Network of Spitting Chicklets.
Again, thanks to the band with us.
We did have some tech and audio issues, but I promise they're going to be resolved.
Like I said, our new producer, Mike Grinelli, we're going to call him.
Mike Grinelli, he's got a wealth, a plethora of tools and little devices here.
We're going to try to get on the same level of PMT as far as production.
Maybe not as funny as those guys, but we definitely want to up our production standards,
and we're starting that today, although it doesn't sound like it.
So, again, thanks for bearing with us today.
We had some issues, but we wanted to get a show out today because we love
doing this, and we've got a new producer here.
I was going to tell my spring break
stories, but we just don't have the time today.
Oh, that was lost in the last tape of last week.
It was, but... Jesus Christ, listeners.
Fortunately, I do remember the story. That's all I'm going to say.
Maybe that could be a running segment,
spring break story, so...
Just think of
a naked rear adm
bungee jumping
and we'll just
go into it next time.
No.
We'll leave you
with that image.
So everybody
have a great weekend
at RearAdB's blog,
at RyanWhitney6,
at Mike Grinnell.
It's M-I-K-E-G-R-I-N-N-E-L-L.
No I.
We're just
busting his balls.
Grinnelly!
So follow us
on Twitter.
Give us shoutouts.
Subscribe,
review,
do all that iTunes jazz
and let us know
how you feel
about the show.
Okay?
Everybody have a great weekend
and we're out.
Peace out. I don't know how to live
