January-4-2025:
January-5-2025:

Pittsburgh Penguins
Kris Letang returned from a lower-body injury for the Penguins in a 4-3 overtime loss to the Carolina Hurricanes at Lenovo Center in Raleigh, North Carolina, on Sunday.
The Penguins defenseman had missed the previous three games.
"I felt pretty good today,” Letang said after practice on Saturday. “It was my first time out there with people, so I was able to stress it a little bit more. So, felt pretty good. ... I've had that injury many times, so kind of knew what to expect."
In his 19th NHL season, Letang leads Pittsburgh defensemen with seven goals in 35 games and is third with 16 points, behind Erik Karlsson (28) and Matt Grzelcyk (21).
The Penguins announced Sunday forward Philip Tomasino is week to week because of a lower-body injury he sustained in the third period of a 3-2 shootout loss to the Florida Panthers on Friday. Tomasino has seven points (four goals, three assists) in 16 games since being acquired in a trade with the Nashville Predators on Nov. 25. -- Wes Crosby
Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes and Elias Pettersson practiced Sunday for the first time in almost two weeks and Hughes is a “possibility” to return from an upper-body injury for the Canucks when they begin a five-game road trip at the Montreal Canadiens on Monday (7:30 p.m. ET; RDS, Prime).
Hughes, the Canucks top defenseman and captain, and Pettersson, their No. 1 center, have missed four games since each last played Dec. 23 against the San Jose Sharks. They had been skating on their own prior to the road trip.
Hughes was listed as week to week and Pettersson day to day, but Hughes appears closer to returning after skating with the top power-play unit Sunday.
“I would say it's day to day, possibility tomorrow, but we'll see,” coach Rick Tocchet told reporters in Montreal on Sunday when asked if Hughes is closer to returning. “We want to make the right decision, too, so we'll take our time on this. But we’ve still got 24 hours before we make a decision.”
Hughes, who leads Vancouver and is third among NHL defensemen with 42 points (eight goals, 34 assists) in 34 games, was labeled as questionable going into the game on Dec. 23. He played 24:45 and had two assists in a 4-3 win, but the Canucks have gone 1-2-1 in the four games he has missed since.
“Nice to be back, obviously hate missing time,” Hughes said after practice. “The way we went about it and handled it, lucky with the medical group we have and support system we have here, I think everything we did is how we wanted it to play out. Now, I’m in a spot where I am on the up and up.”
Pettersson, who is tied with Jake DeBrusk for third on the Canucks with 28 points (10 goals, 18 assists) in 34 games, scored twice in the second period Dec. 23 but only played one shift in the third and hasn't played and hadn’t practiced until Sunday.
“You get a couple star guys like that, just even practicing, it gives the guys juice,” Tocchet said, “And actually they were excited to join the team. When you're segregated and you're doing skating by yourself, it gets tough.”
Vancouver also was without No. 1 goalie Thatcher Demko in a 3-0 loss to Nashville on Friday after he sustained back spasms during a 4-3 shootout win at the Seattle Kraken on Thursday, leaving in the second after getting spun around in a collision with teammate Noah Juulsen.
Goalie Arturs Silovs was recalled from Abbotsford of the American Hockey League to back up Kevin Lankinen on Friday, but Tocchet said after that Demko would travel to Montreal. -- Kevin Woodley
New York Islanders
Isaiah George did not play for the Islanders in a 5-4 overtime win against the Boston Bruins on Sunday because of an upper-body injury.
The 20-year-old rookie defenseman was injured in the second period of a 2-1 loss to the Toronto Maple Leafs on Thursday. George was hit by Maple Leafs forward Max Domi and entered concussion protocol. He did not practice Saturday.
“He’s upper body and day to day,” Islanders coach Patrick Roy said.
Selected by New York in the fourth round (No. 98) of the 2022 NHL Draft, George has five points (one goal, four assists) in 25 games.
Forward Simon Holmstrom, who sustained an upper-body injury in a 3-2 loss to the Penguins on Dec. 29, also did not skate and remains day to day.
Goalie Semyon Varlamov, who is on long-term injured reserve retroactive to Dec. 3, continues to skate on his own. -- Stefen Rosner
Florida Panthers
Aaron Ekblad did not practice Sunday and will be a “morning-skate decision” Monday before the Panthers visit the Colorado Avalanche (9 p.m. ET; SCRIPPS, ALT, TVAS).
Florida coach Paul Maurice would not disclose the defenseman’s injury.
“General body,” Maurice said. “Let’s start a new one: General body, malaise.”
Maurice did say whatever Ekblad is dealing with “just cropped up” during a 3-2 shootout win against the Penguins on Friday. Ekblad was held out for the end of the third period and did not appear in overtime.
As one of the Panthers’ top penalty killers, Ekblad would have been on the ice for Pittsburgh’s power play in the final two minutes of the third.
“He’s dealing with something, but he could be 100 percent tomorrow,” Maurice said.
Niko Mikkola could be back Monday; the defenseman has missed the past four games with an upper-body injury.
“Niko got through practice, so that’s a real positive,” Maurice said, adding Mikkola is also a “morning-skate decision” Monday. -- George Richards
Utah Hockey Club
Robert Bortuzzo (lower body) was placed on injured reserve Saturday and is week to week.
The 35-year-old defenseman was injured in the third period of a 5-3 win at the Calgary Flames on Thursday. He had one shot on goal in 8:25 of ice time.
Bortuzzo has two assists in 16 games and is averaging 10:53 of ice time.
January-6-2025:

Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes returned for the Canucks in a 5-4 overtime loss at the Montreal Canadiens on Monday.
Hughes, Vancouver’s top defenseman and captain, had two assists in 26:15 of ice time. He had missed the previous four games with an upper-body injury.
Elias Pettersson, the Canucks No. 1 center, practiced Sunday but missed his fifth straight game.
Hughes, who skated with the top power-play unit on Sunday, leads Vancouver and is third among NHL defensemen with 42 points (eight goals, 34 assists) in 34 games. He was labeled as questionable going into the game Dec. 23, but he played 24:45 and had two assists in the 4-3 win against the San Jose Sharks.
The Canucks went 1-2-1 in the four games he missed.
“Nice to be back, obviously hate missing time,” Hughes said after practice Sunday. “The way we went about it and handled it, lucky with the medical group we have and support system we have here, I think everything we did is how we wanted it to play out. Now, I’m in a spot where I am on the up and up.”
Pettersson, who is tied with Jake DeBrusk for third on the Canucks with 28 points (10 goals, 18 assists) in 34 games, scored twice in the second period against the Sharks but only played one shift in the third. He hasn't played since and didn’t practice until Sunday.
Dakota Joshua was placed on injured reserve Monday retroactive to Jan. 3. The forward went to the dressing room in the second period of a 3-0 loss to the Nashville Predators on Friday after Canucks forward Teddy Blueger hit Predators defenseman Roman Josi into his legs, although he returned for the third and finished the game.
Thatcher Demko took part in the morning skate but did not dress against the Canadiens. Demko sustained back spasms during a 4-3 shootout win at the Seattle Kraken on Thursday, leaving in the second after getting spun around in a collision with teammate Noah Juulsen.
“He actually felt half-decent yesterday, so hopefully he has a good session today,” Canucks coach Rick Tocchet said. “So, I can’t really make a decision until I talk to him today.” -- Sean Farrell
Florida Panthers
Aaron Ekblad was on the ice after the morning skate on Monday but did not play in a 3-1 loss to the Colorado Avalanche.
Florida coach Paul Maurice did not disclosed the defenseman's injury after he did not practice on Sunday, saying only he would be a “morning skate decision."
“General body,” Maurice said. “Let’s start a new one, general body, malaise.”
Maurice did say whatever Ekblad is dealing with “just cropped up” during a 3-2 shootout win against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Friday. Ekblad was held out for the end of the third period and did not appear in overtime.
Niko Mikkola participated in the morning skate but is also did not play. The defenseman has missed the past five games with an upper-body injury.
The Panthers recalled defenseman Tobias Bjornfot from Charlotte of the American Hockey League on Sunday. -- George Richards

Minnesota Wild
Kirill Kaprizov has not resumed skating and remains day to day with a lower-body injury.
The 27-year-old forward has missed the Wild’s past five games since he last played Dec. 23, a 4-3 win against the Chicago Blackhawks. Minnesota is 4-1-0 without Kaprizov.
Jake Middleton practiced Monday, and coach John Hynes said the defenseman’s return is “imminent.”
Middleton sustained an upper-body injury blocking a shot 37 seconds into the first period of a 7-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Dec. 12.
“We will see how he responded to this, whether he would be available for the next game (Tuesday against the St. Louis Blues) or two,” Hynes said. “ … Whether that’s tomorrow or not, not sure.”
Jakob Lauko also practiced for the first time since reaggravating a lower-body injury. The forward has been out since Dec. 14.
“I don’t know the exact timeline of him, other than he’s nearing pretty quick,” Hynes said.
Forwards Mats Zuccarello and Freddy Gaudreau did not practice due to illness. Hynes said he expects them to be able to play against the Blues on Tuesday (8 p.m. ET; FDSNMW, FDSNNO, FDSNWI).
Jared Spurgeon (lower body) was placed on injured reserve Monday, and defenseman Carson Lambos was recalled from Iowa of the AHL. Forwards Brendan Gaunce and Travis Boyd were also recalled under emergency conditions.
Spurgeon, a defenseman and the Wild captain, has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 32 games. He last played Dec. 31. -- Jessi Pierce

New York Rangers
Arthur Kaliyev was claimed by the Rangers off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings on Monday.
The 23-year-old forward has yet to play in the NHL this season because of a fractured clavicle sustained on the second day of training camp. He was five games into a conditioning stint with Ontario of the American Hockey League (one goal, one assist).
Kaliyev signed a one-year, $825,000 contract with the Kings on Sept. 18. He was a second-round pick (No. 33) in the 2019 NHL Draft, has 71 points (35 goals, 36 assists) in 188 regular-season games and is without a point in nine Stanley Cup Playoff games.
The Rangers play the Dallas Stars at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; Victory+, MSG).
Matt Rempe was assigned to Hartford of the AHL. The forward must serve the eighth and final game of a suspension for boarding and elbowing Stars defenseman Miro Heiskanen on Dec. 20 if he gets recalled.

New Jersey Devils
Erik Haula will be out several weeks with a sprained ankle, coach Sheldon Keefe said Monday.
The 33-year-old forward has 11 points (five goals, six assists) in 42 games this season.
“He’s going to miss some time,” Keefe said. “It’s going to be weeks, so in terms of the actual timeline, it will [depend] on how he recovers, but he’s got a sprain on his ankle. It’s going to take some time for sure.” -- Darren Brown

Vegas Golden Knights
Nicolas Roy returned to practice Monday in a noncontact jersey and will not play when the Golden Knights visit the San Jose Sharks on Tuesday (10:30 p.m., SCRIPPS, NBCSCA, SN1).
The forward has missed the past eight games with an upper-body injury. He has 13 points (six goals, seven assists) in 31 games this season. Roy last played Dec. 15.
Victor Olofsson practiced Monday after the forward missed a 3-1 victory against the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday due to illness. -- Paul Delos Santos
January-7-2025:


Pittsburgh Penguins
Evgeni Malkin is day to day with an upper-body injury and did not play in a 4-3 shootout loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets at PPG Paints Arena on Tuesday.
The 38-year-old forward was a full participant at the morning skate on Tuesday, skating in his normal spot at center on the second line. Cody Glass replaced him on that line against Columbus alongside left wing Michael Bunting and right wing Anthony Beauvillier, who was expected to be a healthy scratch with forward Jesse Puljujarvi entering the lineup for the first time since Dec. 7.
"I don't know when it happened," Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said after the loss. "I don't have anything else to add other than what the team put out."
It was the first game Malkin has missed since April 12-21, 2022, when he was suspended four games by the NHL for cross-checking.
In his 19th NHL season, Malkin is third on the Penguins with 32 points (eight goals, 24 assists) in 41 games, behind Sidney Crosby (44 points; 11 goals, 33 assists) and Rickard Rakell (35 points; 20 goals, 15 assists).
The Penguins (17-17-8) were also without forward Philip Tomasino, who is week to week with a lower-body injury. Tomasino skated on an individual basis Tuesday.

New York Rangers
Chris Kreider was placed on injured reserve by the Rangers on Tuesday because of an upper-body injury.
The forward was a late scratch for a 6-2 win against the Chicago Blackhawks on Sunday.
The move was retroactive to Sunday, meaning Kreider will miss at least the next three games, which began with a 5-4 overtime loss to the Dallas Stars on Tuesday.
Kreider has 15 points (13 goals, two assists) in 34 games this season.
New York claimed Arthur Kaliyev off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings on Monday. He did not play Tuesday.
"Unexpected, obviously, but it’s kind of a dream come true," said Kayliev, who is from Staten Island. "I grew up watching and obviously living down here for a long time. I didn't expect it, but excited and a little bit nervous. It was awesome."
The 23-year-old forward has yet to play in the NHL this season because of a fractured clavicle sustained on the second day of training camp. He was five games into a conditioning stint with Ontario of the American Hockey League (one goal, one assist).
"Young player. He's big (6-foot-2, 210 pounds)," Rangers coach Peter Laviolette said. "He's strong. A new opportunity for him. We got him out on the ice today for the first time. We'll see where he fits in."

Winnipeg Jets
Colin Miller will be out at least two weeks with a fractured larynx.
The defenseman took a puck to the throat late in the first period of a 4-2 loss to the Detroit Red Wings on Saturday.
"A dangerous situation, but (he's) doing a lot better," Jets coach Scott Arniel said Tuesday. "He's around, here's here (at the facility). Just, it's more now, he can't get hit again, obviously."
Miller will be reassessed after two weeks.
"He's actually on a bike [today]," Arniel said. "He's around the guys, talks a little quieter, but at the end of the day he's upbeat. Just, the biggest thing is it's precaution now and just making sure. It's got to heal."
Miller is one of three regular defensemen out of the lineup. Dylan Samberg (foot) and Haydn Fleury (lower body) are each on injured reserve. -- Darrin Bauming

Florida Panthers
Aaron Ekblad was on the ice after the morning skate Monday but did not play in a 3-1 loss to the Colorado Avalanche.
Florida coach Paul Maurice did not disclose the defenseman's injury after he did not practice Sunday, saying only he would be a "morning skate decision."
Maurice did say whatever Ekblad is dealing with "just cropped up" during a 3-2 shootout win against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Friday. Ekblad was held out for the end of the third period and did not appear in overtime.
Niko Mikkola participated in the morning skate but is also did not play. The defenseman has missed the past five games with an upper-body injury.
The Panthers recalled defenseman Tobias Bjornfot from Charlotte of the American Hockey League on Sunday.
Florida visits the Utah Hockey Club on Wednesday (10 p.m. ET; MAX, truTV, TNT, SN1, TVAS). -- George Richards

Vancouver Canucks
Dakota Joshua was placed on injured reserve Monday retroactive to Jan. 3.
The forward went to the dressing room in the second period of a 3-0 loss to the Nashville Predators on Friday after Canucks forward Teddy Blueger hit Predators defenseman Roman Josi into his legs.
Joshua returned for the third and finished the game.
Thatcher Demko took part in the morning skate Monday but did not dress for a 5-4 overtime loss to the Montreal Canadiens. Demko sustained back spasms during a 4-3 shootout win at the Seattle Kraken on Thursday, leaving in the second after getting spun around in a collision with teammate Noah Juulsen.
The Canucks visit the Washington Capitals on Wednesday (7:30 p.m. ET; MNMT2, SN). -- Sean Farrell

Minnesota Wild
Kirill Kaprizov has not resumed skating and remains day to day with a lower-body injury.
The forward has missed the Wild’s past six games since he last played Dec. 23, a 4-3 win against the Chicago Blackhawks. Minnesota is 5-1-0 without Kaprizov.
Jake Middleton returned in a 6-4 win against the St. Louis Blues on Tuesday. The defenseman, who sustained an upper-body injury blocking a shot 37 seconds into the first period of a 7-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Dec. 12, was activated off injured reserve earlier in the day.
Middleton finished the game with a goal and an assist in 22:29 of ice time.
"We're going to see after he skates now and then talk with the trainers and see whether he'll be available or not," Wild coach John Hynes said. " ... He said it felt pretty good, so we'll see again today and then I'll have to sit with the trainers and see if he's going to be going or not."
Jared Spurgeon (lower body) was placed on injured reserve Monday. The defenseman and Wild captain has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 32 games. He last played Dec. 31. -- Jessi Pierce

Boston Bruins
Hampus Lindholm skated on his own ahead of the morning skate Tuesday, but the defenseman still has no timeline for a return from a lower-body injury.
Lindholm, who was injured against the St. Louis Blues on Nov. 12, has missed the past 26 games for the Bruins.
"There's still no timeline right now," Bruins interim coach Joe Sacco said prior to their 4-0 loss to the Edmonton Oilers. "I don't have a timeline yet."
Sacco said it remains up to the medical staff to clear Lindholm, who was injured blocking a shot. Sacco has previously said weeks when asked about Lindholm's timeline.
Lindholm had seven points (three goals, four assists) in 17 games while averaging 20:51 of ice time prior to the injury.
"We miss Hampus," Sacco said. "He plays in all situations for us. He plays against top lines, eats up a lot of minutes, a big guy that defends well. When the time comes, it'll be a nice addition to our group." -- Amalie Benjamin

New Jersey Devils
Erik Haula will be out several weeks with a sprained ankle, coach Sheldon Keefe said Monday.
The forward has 11 points (five goals, six assists) in 42 games this season.
“He’s going to miss some time,” Keefe said. “It’s going to be weeks, so in terms of the actual timeline, it will [depend] on how he recovers, but he’s got a sprain on his ankle. It’s going to take some time for sure.”
The Devils visit the Rangers on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; MSGSN, MSG). -- Darren Brown

New York Islanders
Hudson Fasching, Simon Holmstrom and Isaiah George will not travel for the final two games of the Islanders' three-game road trip, which will continue at the Vegas Golden Knights on Thursday.
Fasching, a forward, is day to day with an upper-body injury after he took a hit from Boston Bruins forward Mark Kastelic at 12:22 of the third period in a 5-4 overtime win Sunday.
Holmstrom is on injured reserve. The forward has missed three games with an upper-body injury sustained in a 3-2 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins on Dec. 29.
George, who is day to day with an upper-body injury, has missed two games. The defenseman was hit by Toronto Maple Leafs forward Max Domi in the second period of a 2-1 home loss Jan. 2.
"It [stinks] seeing guys get hurt," defenseman Noah Dobson said. "The moral of the story this year is that guys have stepped up."
Defenseman Grant Hutton was recalled from Bridgeport of the AHL. -- Stefen Rosner
January-8-2025:
January-9-2025:
January-10-2025:

Utah Hockey Club
Dylan Guenther will be out indefinitely for Utah with a lower-body injury.
The 21-year-old forward sustained the injury on a hit from Aleksander Barkov during a 4-1 loss to the Florida Panthers on Wednesday.
Guenther leads Utah with 16 goals and is third on the team with 34 points in 40 games. He signed an eight-year contract Sept. 20.
Coach Andre Tourigny said, "it's long, but not that long," when asked if the injury was season-ending. Tourigny also said Guenther was in the building Friday morning to start his rehab.
Forward Josh Doan was recalled from Tucson of the American Hockey League on Friday. He has 21 points (eight goals, 13 assists) in 25 games since being assigned there Oct. 28.
Doan has two points (one goal, one assist) in 10 NHL games this season.

Nashvlle Predators
Steven Stamkos will be a game-time decision for the Predators against the Washington Capitals at Bridgestone Arena on Saturday (8 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, MNMT).  
The forward left in the second period of a 5-2 loss at the Winnipeg Jets on Tuesday with an undisclosed injury. Stamkos did not practice Thursday because of a “maintenance day.”  
“Hope so,” Nashville coach Andrew Brunette said of Stamkos’ chances of playing Saturday. “Obviously a little bit of a game-time [decision] here, but things are trending that way.”
Stamkos practiced with Filip Forsberg and Jonathan Marchessault at the morning skate Saturday. He has 25 points (12 goals, 13 assists) in 41 games and has yet to miss one this season, his first with the Predators.
Nashville recalled forward Kieffer Bellows from Milwaukee of the AHL in case Stamkos is unable to play. Bellows has 28 points (14 goals, 14 assists) in 95 NHL games. -- Robby Stanley

Florida Panthers
Aaron Ekblad has an undisclosed injury and did not play for the Panthers against the Boston Bruins on Saturday.
“We want to be careful," Florida coach Paul Maurice said Saturday morning. "This is nothing sinister or long-term, but he played the other night. I thought he played very well with it. The question is, how many times do we want to do that? We have to let this thing heal.’’
Ekblad left Florida’s 3-2 shootout win against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Jan. 3, then missed the following game against the Colorado Avalanche on Monday. The defenseman did play Wednesday, a 4-1 victory against the host Utah Hockey Club, but did not practice Friday.
“General body,” Maurice said earlier this week. “Let’s start a new one: General body; malaise.”
With Ekblad unavailable, defenseman Tobias Bjornfot was inserted into the lineup. -- George Richards

Calgary Flames
Connor Zary will be out indefinitely for the Flames because of a knee injury that will not require surgery.
The forward sustained the injury when he collided with Anaheim Ducks defenseman Drew Helleson at 6:34 of the second period during a 3-2 overtime win Tuesday. Zary was helped off the ice and did not return.
Helleson received a major penalty for kneeing and a game misconduct.
Zary has 22 points (10 goals, 12 assists) in 40 games this season, his second in the NHL. He had 34 points (14 goals, 20 assists) in 63 games with the Flames last season. Zary was selected by Calgary in the first round (No. 24) of the 2020 NHL Draft.
The Flames recalled forward Rory Kerins from Calgary of the AHL on Friday. He leads that league with 21 goals and is second with 34 points in 34 games this season.
Calgary hosts the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday (10 p.m. ET; CBC, SN, CITY, FDSNW).

Dallas Stars
Mason Marchment is expected to be out 3-4 weeks after the forward had surgery to repair facial injuries he sustained when he was hit in the face by a deflected shot in a game against the Minnesota Wild on Dec. 27.
Marchment was in front of the net when Stars teammate Logan Stankoven tipped a shot by Evgenii Dadonov that hit Marchment under his visor. He's missed the past six games.
"No further details other than he's had the surgery and they were thinking it would be 3-4 weeks from the surgical date before he could be back," Dallas coach Pete DeBoer said Thursday. "We're still a long way to that. Nose and facial area, wasn't an orbital bone area. He had a lot of stuff going on there."
Marchment is fifth on the Stars with 27 points (12 goals, 15 assists) in 33 games. -- Adam Kimelman
January-11-2025:


Montreal Canadiens
Patrik Laine returned for the Canadiens against the Dallas Stars on Saturday.
The forward had missed the past four games because of an illness. He has 10 points (eight goals, two assists) in 13 games, with all of his goals coming on the power play.
Laine replaced Michael Pezzetta in the lineup.
David Savard returned after missing four games because of an upper-body injury. The defenseman has 10 points (one goal, nine assists) in 35 games and replaced Jayden Struble in the lineup. -- Sean Farrell

Washington Capitals
Charlie Lindgren was placed on injured reserve Saturday after the Capitals goalie sustained an upper-body injury during their 3-2 overtime loss to the Canadiens on Friday.
Lindgren was injured in a collision with Montreal center Nick Suzuki, who was shoved into him by Washington forward Brandon Duhaime 16 seconds into the second period. Lindgren initially remained in the game but left at 2:29.
The 31-year-old is 10-8-2 with a 2.65 goals-against average and .901 save percentage in 21 games (all starts) this season.
Hunter Shepard was recalled from Hershey of the American Hockey League to back up Logan Thompson against the Nashville Predators on Saturday.
Shepard is 15-7-1 with a 2.68 GAA, .898 save percentage and one shutout in 23 AHL games this season. The 29-year-old is 2-1-1 with a 3.19 GAA and .894 save percentage in four NHL games, all last season with Washington. -- Tom Gulitti

Nashville Predators
Steven Stamkos was in the lineup for the Predators against the Capitals at Bridgestone Arena on Saturday.
The forward left in the second period of a 5-2 loss at the Winnipeg Jets on Tuesday with an undisclosed injury. Stamkos did not practice Thursday because of a “maintenance day.”
“Hope so,” Nashville coach Andrew Brunette said of Stamkos’ chances of playing Saturday. “Obviously a little bit of a game-time [decision] here, but things are trending that way.”
Stamkos practiced with Filip Forsberg and Jonathan Marchessault at the morning skate Saturday. He has 25 points (12 goals, 13 assists) in 41 games and has yet to miss one this season, his first with the Predators.
Nashville recalled forward Kieffer Bellows from Milwaukee of the AHL in case Stamkos is unable to play. Bellows has 28 points (14 goals, 14 assists) in 95 NHL games. -- Robby Stanley

Vegas Golden Knights
Ivan Barbashev (upper body) played for the first time in almost a month when the Golden Knights hosted the New York Rangers on Saturday.
The forward practiced fully Friday and took part in line rushes. He was injured during a 3-2 victory against the Minnesota Wild on Dec. 16 and has missed 12 games.
Barbashev, who played 18:24 Saturday, is tied for the Golden Knights lead in goals (15) and has 30 points in 32 games. -- Paul Delos Santos

New York Islanders
Ilya Sorokin (illness) and Alexander Romanov were out for the Islanders at the Utah Hockey Club on Saturday.
Sorokin, a goalie, is 13-13-4 with a 2.83 GAA and .902 save percentage in 30 games this season, all starts. He has started 16 of New York's past 17 games, but was unavailable due to illness.
Marcus Hogberg will start against Utah, and goalie Jakub Skarek was recalled form Bridgeport of the AHL on an emergency basis.
It will be Hogberg’s first start since Dec. 29, when he made 39 saves in a 3-2 loss at the Pittsburgh Penguins, his only NHL start since April 28, 2021. Hogberg is 0-1-0 with a 1.93 GAA and .948 save percentage in three games with New York.
Semyon Varlamov has not played since Nov. 29 because of a lower-body injury.
Romanov, a defenseman, left the morning skate Saturday early and did not return. He has nine assists in 30 games this season while averaging 21:45 of ice time. -- Matt Komma

Pittsburgh Penguins
Evgeni Malkin missed his third straight game with an upper-body injury when the Penguins lost 5-0 against the Ottawa Senators on Saturday.
The center skated before the game with forward Philip Tomasino, who has been out since Jan. 3 with a lower-body injury.
"[Malkin and Tomasino] will not play today," Pittsburgh coach Mike Sullivan said before the game. "Their status is day to day. They're making progress."
Malkin has practiced twice since being a late scratch prior to a 4-3 shootout loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets on Tuesday. After that game, Sullivan said he was unsure when the injury occurred.
Malkin rotated at second-line center in practice Friday with Cody Glass, who took most of the reps and played there Tuesday and in a 5-3 win against the Edmonton Oilers on Thursday. Glass had two shots on goal in 15:49 of ice time on Saturday.
Malkin is tied for third on the Penguins with 32 points (eight goals, 24 assists) in 41 games. He has three goals in 25 games since Nov. 11. -- Wes Crosby

San Jose Sharks
Jake Walman and Nico Sturm returned for the Sharks against the Wild on Saturday.
Walman, a defenseman, had missed the past eight games with a lower-body injury sustained against the Oilers on Dec. 21. He leads Sharks defensemen with 25 points (five goals, 20 assists) in 31 games this season.
"He's a puck-moving defenseman; it's probably been a big struggle for us in the last two games," San Jose coach Ryan Warsofsky said. "He'd be a big boost."
Walman wanted to make sure he was playing to full health before a potential return to the lineup.
Sturm, a center, missed three games with a lower-body injury. He has nine points (four goals, five assists) in 36 games.
Forwards Klim Kostin (lower body) and Alexander Wennberg (illness) did not play. Kostin left in the first period of a 2-1 loss to Utah on Friday.
"I would say, right now, he's day to day until we get a better update this afternoon," Warsofsky said. -- Max Miller

Florida Panthers
Aaron Ekblad did not play for the Panthers in a 4-3 overtime loss to the Boston Bruins on Saturday because of an undisclosed injury.
The defenseman did not practice Friday after playing in a 4-1 win against Utah on Wednesday. Ekblad left Florida’s 3-2 shootout win against Pittsburgh on Jan. 3, then missed the following game against the Colorado Avalanche on Monday.
“We want to be careful,” Florida coach Paul Maurice said Saturday morning. This is nothing sinister or long-term, but he played the other night. I thought he played very well with it. The question is, how many times do we want to do that? We have to let this thing heal.’’
Tobias Bjornfot was inserted into the lineup Saturday with Ekblad unavailable. -- George Richards

Calgary Flames
Connor Zary will be out indefinitely because of a knee injury that will not require surgery.
The forward sustained the injury when he collided with Anaheim Ducks defenseman Drew Helleson at 6:34 of the second period during a 3-2 overtime win Tuesday. Zary was helped off the ice and did not return.
Helleson received a major penalty for kneeing and a game misconduct.
Zary has 22 points (10 goals, 12 assists) in 40 games this season, his second in the NHL. He had 34 points (14 goals, 20 assists) in 63 games with the Flames last season. Zary was selected by Calgary in the first round (No. 24) of the 2020 NHL Draft.
The Flames recalled forward Rory Kerins from Calgary of the AHL on Friday. He leads that league with 21 goals and is second with 34 points in 34 games this season.
Calgary hosts the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday (10 p.m. ET; CBC, SN, CITY, FDSNW).

Utah Hockey Club
Dylan Guenther is out indefinitely with a lower-body injury.
The 21-year-old forward sustained the injury on a hit from Aleksander Barkov during a 4-1 loss to the Panthers on Wednesday.
Guenther leads Utah with 16 goals and is third on the team with 34 points in 40 games. He signed an eight-year contract Sept. 20.
Coach Andre Tourigny said, "it's long, but not that long," when asked if the injury was season-ending. Tourigny also said Guenther was in the building Friday morning to start his rehab.
Forward Josh Doan was recalled from Tucson of the AHL on Friday and was in the lineup against the New York Islanders on Saturday.
He has 21 points (eight goals, 13 assists) in 25 games since being assigned there Oct. 28.
Doan has two points (one goal, one assist) in 10 NHL games this season.
January-12-2025:
January-13-2025:


Washington Capitals
Alex Ovechkin could play on a line with Pierre-Luc Dubois for the first time since the preseason when the Capitals host the Anaheim Ducks on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; Victory+, MNMT, KCOP-13).
The left wing practiced Monday on a line with Dubois at center and Aliaksei Protas at right wing. Ovechkin, who has 20 goals in 27 games this season and is 22 away from breaking Wayne Gretzky’s NHL record of 894 goals, has played regularly with Dylan Strome, who practiced on a line with Connor McMichael and Tom Wilson.
Washington (28-10-5) is 4-0-3 in its past seven games.
“Just looking to change that top six and try to find a spark there,” coach Spencer Carbery said. “We haven’t used it all year, so we’ll see if that happens balance out our top six.”
Charlie Lindgren (upper body), who is on injured reserve, did not practice Monday. Carbery said he doesn’t have a timetable for the goalie’s return, but he’s "progressing, progressing well. ... So, we'll see if he's able to come off the IR when he's eligible (Saturday)."
Carbery said he didn’t know if Hunter Shepard, who was recalled from Hershey of the American Hockey League on Saturday to back up Logan Thompson, will get a start while Lindgren is out. The Capitals do not play consecutive games until Feb. 22-23, so it appears likely Thompson will play the bulk while Lindgren is unavailable.
Forward Sonny Milano (upper body) skated again and did skill work before practice, but didn’t stay on with his teammates. -- Tom Gulitti

Vancouver Canucks
Filip Hronek is a game-time decision at the Winnipeg Jets on Tuesday (8 p.m. ET; SNP, TSN3).
The defenseman returned Monday from a conditioning loan with Abbotsford of the American Hockey League after missing 6 1/2 weeks with upper- and lower-body injuries. He practiced with his usual partner, Quinn Hughes.
"He had a really good practice," Canucks coach Rick Tocchet said. "Protocol is usually I talk to a player later in the day or tomorrow morning to see how he feels after having a hard practice."
Hronek had a lower-body procedure Dec. 3. He has not played since Nov. 27, when he sustained a separate upper-body injury in the final minute of a 5-4 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins on Nov. 27. The initial timeline for his recovery was eight weeks but the 27-year-old resumed skating Dec. 27 and was loaned to the AHL on Jan. 8 to take part in practices.
Hronek has nine points (one goal, eight assists) and is plus-14 in 21 games this season. He signed an eight-year, $58 million contract ($7.25 million average annual value) with the Canucks on June 19
"He looked great. He always looks great," Hughes said. "I don't know what his plan is but I'm sure he'll be back the next couple of days, and we obviously desperately need him." -- Kevin Woodley

New York Islanders
Ilya Sorokin was back at practice Monday after he missed a 2-1 win at the Utah Hockey Club on Saturday due to illness.
The Islanders’ No. 1 goalie, who made 30 saves Thursday for his second shutout of the season in a 4-0 victory at the Vegas Golden Knights, is expected to dress Tuesday when the Islanders (17-18-7) host the Ottawa Senators (7:30 p.m. ET; MSGSN, TSN5, RDS2).
Sorokin is 13-13-4 with a 2.83 goals-against average and .902 save percentage in 30 games this season.
Marcus Hogberg made 21 saves in a spot start Saturday for his first NHL win since Apr. 28, 2021.
Isaiah George also returned to practice Monday as a full participant.
The 20-year-old rookie defenseman has missed the past three games after he sustained an upper-body injury following a hit by forward Max Domi during a 2-1 loss to the Toronto Maple Leafs on Jan. 2.
George has five points (one goal, four assists) through his first 25 games while averaging 16:38 of ice time.
“He looked good,” coach Patrick Roy said. “I don’t know if he’s going to play tomorrow or not, but I’ll probably know more tomorrow. But he looked good.”
Alexander Romanov (upper body) did not practice and remains day to day. The defenseman was unavailable Saturday. -- Stefen Rosner

Colorado Avalanche
Scott Wedgewood practiced Monday and will be available for the Avalanche against the New York Rangers on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; KTVD, MSG, ALT, SNO (JIP), SNE (JIP), SN1 (JIP), SN360).
The goalie has missed four games with an ankle injury sustained during the second period of a 6-5 overtime win against the Buffalo Sabres on Jan. 2.
“Still have some issues down there, but luckily it wasn't anything that was going to be like in the timeline that those high ankles [sprains] are,” Wedgewood said. “That's exactly what I felt as soon as Matt [Sokolowski], our athletic trainer, came out.
“Just obviously all the bad words you can think in your head were going off and alarm bells were going off. [I] couldn't put weight on it right away.”
Wedgewood is 4-2-0 in seven games (six starts) since being acquired in a trade with the Nashville Predators on Nov. 30. He has a 2.35 GAA and .917 save percentage.
Samuel Girard (upper body) will miss his third straight game Tuesday; the defenseman has 18 points (two goals, 16 assists) in 42 games.
“He's not good to go, no,” Bednar said. “Day to day.”
Forwards Miles Wood (upper body) and Valeri Nichushkin (lower body), and defenseman Oliver Kylington (upper body) each skated but did not practice Monday. They are not close to returning.
“Probably still some distance to go yet for those guys, but we'll see how it goes,” Bednar said. -- Ryan Boulding

Columbus Blue Jackets
Zachary Aston-Reese signed a one-year contract with the Blue Jackets on Monday for next season.
The 30-year-old forward has 11 points (four goals, seven assists) and 94 hits in 42 games this season, his first with Columbus.
“Zach has been a great addition to the Blue Jackets on the ice and in the dressing room,” Blue Jackets general manager Don Waddell said. “He brings speed, grit and versatility to our forward group and we are excited that he will continue to be a part of our club.”
Aston-Reese who was not drafted, has 145 points (46 goals, 45 assists) in 352 regular-season games with the Pittsburgh Penguins, Ducks, Detroit Red Wings and the Blue Jackets, and five points (two goals, three assists) in 29 Stanley Cup Playoff games.
Columbus (20-17-6) hosts the Philadelphia Flyers on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNOH, NBCSP+).

Toronto Maple Leafs
Jake McCabe practiced briefly Monday for the first time since sustaining an upper-body injury in a fight with Garnet Hathaway during a 3-2 overtime win against the Flyers on Jan. 5.
The defenseman skated on his own prior to practice and joined the first 10 minutes of the main session before departing.
“It’s great he’s out there,” Maple Leafs coach Craig Berube said. “I know he skated there for a little bit before, but he did some drills with us and he’s doing really well. There’s been no setbacks with him, so it’s good to see.”
McCabe, who missed five games earlier this season after taking a puck to the head Nov. 30, will miss his fourth straight game when Toronto hosts the Dallas Stars on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; TSN4, Victory+).
Jani Hakanpaa participated in his first full practice Monday since undergoing a knee procedure in December.
The defenseman, who had arthroscopic knee surgery during the offseason, has played only two games this season (Nov. 13, 16).
“I don’t know how close he is, to be honest with you,” Berube said. “This is a good step in the right direction having them out there in practice and he's going to need some more practice time for sure and feeling like he's ready to go. That's a tough timeline for me to give you on that one.”
Hakanpaa, who was selected to play for Finland at the 4 Nations Face-Off, is hoping to be ready in time for the tournament that will be played from Feb. 12-20.
“I guess time will tell here; we'll kind of see more day by day for a day with the team now, so it's about building and yeah, hopefully we get there before the 4 Nations.” -- Dave McCarthy
January-14-2025:


Pittsburgh Penguins
Evgeni Malkin returned for the Penguins against the Seattle Kraken at PPG Paints Arena on Tuesday.
The 38-year-old center, who participated in the morning skate, had missed the previous four games with an upper-body injury.
Malkin took his usual spot as the second-line center with left wing Michael Bunting and right wing Cody Glass. He is fourth on the Penguins with 32 points (eight goals, 24 assists) in 41 games.
Bunting also returned after missing a 5-2 loss to the Tampa Bay Lightning on Sunday, when he was involved in an auto accident outside of PPG Paints Arena. -- Wes Crosby

Montreal Canadiens
Emil Heineman will be out 3-4 weeks because of an upper-body injury he sustained in a traffic accident as a pedestrian on Monday.
“I just know that he got hurt crossing the street yesterday,” Canadiens coach Martin St. Louis said before their game at the Utah Hockey Club on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; Utah16, TSN2, RDS). “I don't think it was at a high speed, but enough to cause some damage. So, it's unfortunate."
The 23-year-old rookie forward has 17 points (10 goals, seven assists) in 41 games this season.
“We reached out just to make sure he's been OK,” forward Jake Evans said. “It's a tough accident, I guess, and a freak accident, tough luck. [But] it seems like he's in good spirits, and I guess, you know, it could have been a lot worse too.
"You're obviously just worried about his health. Again, it could have been worse, so just stuff you don't expect to happen, especially, you know, it's pretty quiet here in the city, and so, yeah, we're just happy he's OK. It could have been a lot worse." -- Matt Komma

Utah Hockey Club
John Marino could make his Utah debut against Montreal on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; Utah16, TSN2, RDS).
The 27-year-old defenseman sustained a back injury prior to the beginning of training camp and had surgery Oct. 23. Marino, who was acquired from the New Jersey Devils on June 29, has been a full participant in practice this month.
Utah coach Andre Tourigny said after the morning skate Marino would be a game-time decision.
Marino had 25 points (four goals, 21 assists) in 75 games for the Devils last season. He has 107 points (18 goals, 89 assists) in 328 games with New Jersey and Pittsburgh. -- Matt Komma

Anaheim Ducks
Troy Terry returned for the Ducks against the Washington Capitals on Tuesday after the missing the previous four games while on personal leave following the birth of his son on Jan. 7.
The forward said his son, Theo, has improved, and he and his wife, Dani, hope he will be able to come home from the hospital soon.
“It’s been kind of a roller coaster of a week, but we’re so happy to have the little guy here,” Terry said. “The best way to say it, is he just needed a little help getting going. They’ve done a great job where he’s being taken care of, and the team has been great to me just letting me be there for him and also my wife.
“But he’s doing way better, and I’m happy to be back with the guys and feel good about where he’s at.”
Terry’s focus when he was home was on Theo and Dani but said it was also strange watching the Ducks (18-20-5) play without him the past week. Terry leads Anaheim in goals (14), assists (19) and points (33) in 39 games this season.
“The reality is these guys are all my closest friends, too, so being able to get back here and be with the guys makes leaving home a little easier and I’m excited to get back in action tonight,” Terry said. -- Tom Gulitti

Boston Bruins
Charlie McAvoy (undisclosed) was placed on injured reserve by the Bruins on Tuesday, retroactive to Jan. 11.
The defenseman played 21:45 on Saturday, a 4-3 overtime win at the Florida Panthers.
McAvoy has 20 points (five goals, 15 assists) in 45 games this season while averaging a team-high 23:41 of ice time.
“Charlie’s been dealing with a nagging injury for the last little while here,” coach Joe Sacco said. “So, he’s going to be shut down for the next couple of games and then we’ll reevaluate him after the game in Ottawa on Saturday and we’ll see where he is next week.”
Boston recalled forward Matt Poitras and defenseman Michael Callahan from Providence of the American Hockey League prior to its game against the Tampa Bay Lightning at TD Garden.
Defenseman Hampus Lindholm was also placed on long-term injured reserve (retroactive to Nov. 12), and forward Mark Kastelic was placed on IR (retroactive to Jan. 9).

Minnesota Wild
Kirill Kaprizov, Brock Faber and Jared Spurgeon each skated before practice Tuesday and are unlikely to play for the Wild against the Edmonton Oilers on Wednesday (8:30 p.m. ET; MAX, truTV, TNT, SN, TVAS).
“I won’t know until tomorrow,” coach John Hynes said. “Some of it depends on the player. I think with those particular guys, being veteran guys, I think similar to (Mats Zuccarello), I think he had one pregame skate and he was ready to play.
“I think (Brodin’s) track record of he’s out, out, out and magically shows up in the game. So, you know, I think that they’re all making good progress, but I would say right now, I probably won’t know anything. … I wouldn’t classify the injuries as day to day, but their readiness could be day to day, if that makes sense.”
Kaprizov has missed nine games with an upper-body injury. The forward leads Minnesota in goals (23), assists (27) and points (50) in 34 games.
“He’s bored out of his mind,” Hynes said. “Wants to get back, obviously very disappointed that he’s been out. I mean, he loves the game, loves to compete, but he’s going through his process, working hard and doing everything that he needs to do to get himself ready to go. He wants to play, so, but his body will tell him when he’s ready.”
Faber, a defenseman, has missed three with an upper-body injury sustained during a 6-4 win against the St. Louis Blues on Jan. 7, the same game that defenseman Jonas Brodin (lower body) blocked a shot late in the third period. Brodin has been working out off the ice but has not resumed skating.
Faber has 20 points (five goals, 15 assists) in 41 games while averaging a team-high 24:58 of ice time.
Spurgeon last played Dec. 31 and was placed on injured reserve Jan. 6. The defenseman and Wild captain has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 32 games and is averaging 20:43.
Hynes confirmed Faber and Brodin will not play Wednesday and Spurgeon "probably not."
"I don’t think there’ll be guys back for tomorrow," Hynes said, "but you never know." -- Jessi Pierce

New York Islanders
Ilya Sorokin dressed as the backup for the Islanders against the Ottawa Senators on Tuesday.
The Islanders’ No. 1 goalie, who made 30 saves for his second shutout of the season in a 4-0 victory at the Vegas Golden Knights on Thursday, returned to practice on Monday after he missed the Islanders' 2-1 win at the Utah Hockey Club on Saturday due to an illness.
Sorokin is 13-13-4 with a 2.83 goals-against average and .902 save percentage in 30 games this season.
Marcus Hogberg made his second straight start on Tuesday after he made 21 saves on Saturday for his first NHL win since Apr. 28, 2021.
Isaiah George also returned on Tuesday. The 20-year-old rookie defenseman missed the previous three games after he sustained an upper-body injury following a hit by forward Max Domi during a 2-1 loss to the Toronto Maple Leafs on Jan. 2.
George has five points (one goal, four assists) in 25 games while averaging 16:38 of ice time. -- Stefen Rosner

Colorado Avalanche
Scott Wedgewood practiced Monday and will be available for the Avalanche against the New York Rangers on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; KTVD, MSG, ALT, SNO (JIP), SNE (JIP), SN1 (JIP), SN360).
The goalie has missed four games with an ankle injury sustained during the second period of a 6-5 overtime win against the Buffalo Sabres on Jan. 2.
“Still have some issues down there, but luckily it wasn't anything that was going to be like in the timeline that those high ankles [sprains] are,” Wedgewood said. “That's exactly what I felt as soon as Matt [Sokolowski], our athletic trainer, came out.
“Just obviously all the bad words you can think in your head were going off and alarm bells were going off. [I] couldn't put weight on it right away.”
Wedgewood is 4-2-0 in seven games (six starts) since being acquired in a trade with the Nashville Predators on Nov. 30. He has a 2.35 GAA and .917 save percentage.
Samuel Girard (upper body) will miss his third straight game Tuesday; the defenseman has 18 points (two goals, 16 assists) in 42 games.
“He's not good to go, no,” Bednar said. “Day to day.”
Forwards Miles Wood (upper body) and Valeri Nichushkin (lower body), and defenseman Oliver Kylington (upper body) each skated but did not practice Monday. They are not close to returning.
“Probably still some distance to go yet for those guys, but we'll see how it goes,” Bednar said. -- Ryan Boulding

Columbus Blue Jackets
Zach Aston-Reese signed a one-year contract with the Blue Jackets on Monday for next season.
The 30-year-old forward has 11 points (four goals, seven assists) and 94 hits in 42 games this season, his first with Columbus.
“Zach has been a great addition to the Blue Jackets on the ice and in the dressing room,” Blue Jackets general manager Don Waddell said. “He brings speed, grit and versatility to our forward group and we are excited that he will continue to be a part of our club.”
Aston-Reese who was not drafted, has 145 points (46 goals, 45 assists) in 352 regular-season games with the Penguins, Ducks, Detroit Red Wings and the Blue Jackets, and five points (two goals, three assists) in 29 Stanley Cup Playoff games.
Columbus (20-17-6) hosts the Philadelphia Flyers on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNOH, NBCSP+).
January-15-2025:


Toronto Maple Leafs
John Tavares is week to week with a lower-body injury and was placed on injured reserve Thursday.
The center left practice early Wednesday after he took an awkward fall along the boards during a power-play drill.
Maple Leafs coach Craig Berube did not have an update at the time.
"Nothing yet, he's being evaluated," Berube said. "I didn't even see it, it kind of happened behind the net, so I couldn't really get a good look at it. He's being looked at now. He's been a great player for us for sure in a lot of areas, so hopefully he's OK."
Tavares has 42 points (20 goals, 22 assists) in 44 games this season, averaging 18:17 of ice time. He is also tied for the team lead with seven power-play goals this season.
Forward Fraser Minten was recalled from Toronto of the American Hockey League.
Jake McCabe was a full participant in practice and will play against the New Jersey Devils on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; TSN4, MSGSN2).
The defenseman, who has missed the past four games, was paired with Chris Tanev for the first time since sustaining an upper-body injury in a fight with Garnet Hathaway of the Philadelphia Flyers on Jan. 5.
"He looked good," Berube said. "I thought he had a good practice, he looked fine. We will see how he is tomorrow."
McCabe has 11 points (one goal, 10 assists) and is plus-10 in 36 games this season.
"It was good to be back out there with the fellas," McCabe said. "It's coach's decision, so I'm not going to make any lineup decisions for him. I felt good out there. It was unfortunate, we've all watched plenty enough games and seen situations like that, and unfortunately I was the one who took the brutal end of it."
Oliver Ekman-Larsson, who skated with Tanev in a 4-1 loss to the Dallas Stars on Tuesday, was with Conor Timmins, replacing Simon Benoit who practiced as an extra defenseman.
Defenseman Marshall Rifai was returned to Toronto of the American Hockey League on Wednesday. -- Dave McCarthy

Minnesota Wild
Kirill Kaprizov and Brock Faber each participated in the morning skate but neither was in the lienup when the Wild lost 5-3 to the Edmonton Oilers on Wednesday.
"Usually you come back from the rehab skates and then into practice, so that was a good step for those guys," coach John Hynes said. "So, we'll see where it goes."
Kaprizov missed his 10th game because of a lower-body injury. The forward leads Minnesota in goals (23), assists (27) and points (50) in 34 games.
Faber, a defenseman, missed his fourth game with an upper-body injury sustained during a 6-4 win against the St. Louis Blues on Jan. 7. Faber has 20 points (five goals, 15 assists) in 41 games while averaging a team-high 24:58 of ice time.
Jared Spurgeon did not skate with the group but Hynes said, "he's progressing significantly" and could join the group for a practice "in the near future."
Spurgeon last played Dec. 31 and was placed on injured reserve Jan. 6. The defenseman and Wild captain has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 32 games and is averaging 20:43 of ice time per game.
Jakob Lauko also skated Wednesday but will not play. The forward has been out since Dec. 14 after reaggravating a lower-body injury. -- Jessi Pierce

Montreal Canadiens
Emil Heineman will be out 3-4 weeks because of an upper-body injury he sustained in a traffic accident as a pedestrian on Monday.
"I just know that he got hurt crossing the street yesterday," Canadiens coach Martin St. Louis said before their 5-3 win at the Utah Hockey Club on Tuesday. "I don't think it was at a high speed, but enough to cause some damage. So, it's unfortunate."
The 23-year-old rookie forward has 17 points (10 goals, seven assists) in 41 games this season. He posted a message on social media Wednesday thanking everyone for their support.

"We reached out just to make sure he's been OK," forward Jake Evans said. "It's a tough accident, I guess, and a freak accident, tough luck. [But] it seems like he's in good spirits, and I guess, you know, it could have been a lot worse too.
"You're obviously just worried about his health. Again, it could have been worse, so just stuff you don't expect to happen, especially, you know, it's pretty quiet here in the city, and so, yeah, we're just happy he's OK. It could have been a lot worse." -- Matt Komma

Boston Bruins
Hampus Lindholm skated with the Bruins on Wednesday, taking part in practice for the first time since Nov. 12, but will not play in their next game against the Ottawa Senators on Saturday (3 p.m. ET; CBC, TVAS, SN, NESN).
The defenseman, who is on long-term injured reserve with a lower-body injury, wore a noncontact jersey, as did injured forward Mark Kastelic.
Lindholm confirmed he had broken a bone.
"Hit me in the wrong spot; got to drink some more milk," he said. "... I think any pro athlete can say being on the sidelines is not something you want, but it's part of sports. I just try to do everything I can to maximize when I do get back, I'm strong and hopefully I've learned something and can be a better version of myself when I get back there on the ice playing."
Lindholm has seven points (three goals, four assists) in 17 games this season and is averaging 20:51 of ice time per game, second on the Bruins behind Charlie McAvoy (23:41).
"He got out there, which was nice to see, get him involved with the group," coach Joe Sacco said. "He was out there for the first three or four drills. Great sign, another step in his recovery. But there's still no timeline yet on his return."
Kastelic has missed two games with an upper-body injury. He has 12 points (four goals, eight assists) in 43 games this season. -- Amalie Benjamin

Washington Capitals
Charlie Lindgren practiced with the Capitals on Wednesday for the first time since sustaining an upper-body injury against the Canadiens on Friday.
The goalie, who was injured in a collision with forward Nick Suzuki, will travel with Washington for its game at Ottawa on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; RDS2, TSN5, MNMT) to participate in the morning skate, but is not eligible to be activated from injured reserve until Saturday.
"Not quite ready with being on the IR and that, but another positive step being on the ice today," coach Spencer Carbery said.
Forward Sonny Milano practiced wearing a noncontact jersey, continuing his recovery from an upper-body injury that has sidelined him since Nov. 6. It was the first time Milano participated in a full practice since he was injured.
Carbery said last week that Milano will need "at least as week of practice to get him back up and running" before playing in a game. -- Tom Gulitti
January-16-2025:


Dallas Stars
Roope Hintz will not play for the Stars against the Montreal Canadiens on Thursday (8 p.m. ET; Victory+, TSN2, RSN) because of an upper-body injury.
The forward left a 4-1 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Tuesday at 7:25 of the first period and did not return after taking a hit from Maple Leafs center Auston Matthews. He took one shift after the hit and exited 6:53 into the game.
"Out tonight, I would call him day to day," Stars coach Pete DeBoer said.
Hintz has 27 points in 42 games this season and leads the Stars with 19 goals. He is averaging 16:54 of ice time per game and missed one game earlier this season with an undisclosed injury, a 6-2 loss to the Chicago Blackhawks on Nov. 27.
Wyatt Johnston is expected to center the top line with Hintz out. Rookie forwards Matej Blumel and Justin Hryckowian will play in the bottom six with forwards Mason Marchment (face) and Tyler Seguin (hip) each continuing to recover from surgery. -- Taylor Baird

Minnesota Wild
Marcus Johansson was placed on injured reserve by the Wild on Thursday with an upper-body injury.
The forward took an elbow to the face from Edmonton Oilers center Connor McDavid and left at the end of the second period of a 5-3 loss on Wednesday. Wild coach John Hynes said after the game that Johansson would likely be out for a while.
Johansson has 16 points (five goals, 11 assists) in 44 games this season.
The Wild next play at the Nashville Predators on Saturday.

Ottawa Senators
Thomas Chabot will not play against the Washington Capitals at Canadian Tire Centre on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; RDS2, TSN5, MNMT).
The defenseman left in the first period of a 2-0 win against the New York Islanders on Tuesday after taking an Adam Pelech shot to the face. Chabot, who practiced Thursday with a full face shield, is "just day to day," coach Travis Green said.
Chabot has 19 points (three goals, 16 assists) in 43 games this season and is second on the team in ice time per game (22:46).
Defenseman Donovan Sebrango was recalled from Belleville of the American Hockey League and will make his NHL debut in Chabot's absence.
"Anytime a young player gets to play his first NHL game, as a coach, you enjoy telling him," Green said of Sebrango. "He's had to work hard his whole life to get there. I'm sure he's going to be nervous, but the message is, 'Be excited, do what you do well, keep it simple and play hard and you'll be fine.'"
Forward Michael Amadio will return from a concussion after missing 10 games. Amadio, who has 10 points (two goals, eight assists) in 33 games, could center the fourth line alongside Matthew Highmore and Zack Ostapchuk.
Forward David Perron practiced with a regular jersey for the first time since sustaining an upper-body injury on Nov. 23. Perron, who will miss his 24th consecutive game, is "closer, for sure," Green said. -- Callum Fraser

Colorado Avalanche
Samuel Girard will play against the Edmonton Oilers on Thursday (9:30 p.m. ET; ESPN, SN1) after missing the past three games with an upper-body injury.
The defenseman has 18 points (two goals, 16 assists) in 42 games this season.
"Guys are in good spirits today. We had some productive meetings again this morning," Colorado coach Jared Bednar said. "Getting ready to go for tonight."
Mikko Rantanen will center the second line between Joel Kiviranta and Logan O'Connor, a line combination Bednar tried out in a 3-2 overtime win against the New York Rangers on Tuesday.
"If I'm being honest, the major thing that keeps me from putting him there is the fact that he puts up 100-plus points a year with [Nathan] MacKinnon," Bednar said. "So it's like a pretty good tandem, and he's a winger. I know he plays both positions, has played center."
Rantanen is fifth in the NHL with 61 points (25 goals, 36 assists) in 45 games this season.
Center Casey Mittelstadt, who has one goal in his past 26 games, will move down and center the fourth line.
"If Casey was tearing it up in the two spot right now, then I wouldn't put Mikko there, either. He'd play with Casey or with 'Mack,'" Bednar said. "I want to see more production and depth throughout our lineup, some scoring on our second line. [I'm] moving some things around. It's halfway through the year. It's a good time to try something [new], see how it works, see how long it works. I'm open to changing, and I'm open to being flexible even through tonight's game."
Mittelstadt has 26 points (eight goals, 18 assists) in 45 games this season. -- Ryan Boulding

Boston Bruins
Hampus Lindholm skated with the Bruins on Wednesday, taking part in practice for the first time since Nov. 12, but will not play in their next game against the Ottawa Senators on Saturday (3 p.m. ET; CBC, TVAS, SN, NESN).
The defenseman, who is on long-term injured reserve with a lower-body injury, wore a noncontact jersey, as did injured forward Mark Kastelic.
Lindholm confirmed he had broken a bone.
"Hit me in the wrong spot; got to drink some more milk," he said. "... I think any pro athlete can say being on the sidelines is not something you want, but it's part of sports. I just try to do everything I can to maximize when I do get back, I'm strong and hopefully I've learned something and can be a better version of myself when I get back there on the ice playing."
Lindholm has seven points (three goals, four assists) in 17 games this season and is averaging 20:51 of ice time per game, second on the Bruins behind Charlie McAvoy (23:41).
"He got out there, which was nice to see, get him involved with the group," coach Joe Sacco said. "He was out there for the first three or four drills. Great sign, another step in his recovery. But there's still no timeline yet on his return."
Kastelic has missed two games with an upper-body injury. He has 12 points (four goals, eight assists) in 43 games this season. -- Amalie Benjamin

Montreal Canadiens
Emil Heineman will be out 3-4 weeks because of an upper-body injury he sustained in a traffic accident as a pedestrian on Monday.
"I just know that he got hurt crossing the street yesterday," Canadiens coach Martin St. Louis said before their 5-3 win at the Utah Hockey Club on Tuesday. "I don't think it was at a high speed, but enough to cause some damage. So, it's unfortunate."
The 23-year-old rookie forward has 17 points (10 goals, seven assists) in 41 games this season. He posted a message on social media Wednesday thanking everyone for their support.

"We reached out just to make sure he's been OK," forward Jake Evans said. "It's a tough accident, I guess, and a freak accident, tough luck. [But] it seems like he's in good spirits, and I guess, you know, it could have been a lot worse too.
"You're obviously just worried about his health. Again, it could have been worse, so just stuff you don't expect to happen, especially, you know, it's pretty quiet here in the city, and so, yeah, we're just happy he's OK. It could have been a lot worse." -- Matt Komma
January-17-2025:


Carolina Hurricanes
Frederik Andersen was activated from injured reserve and backed up Pyotr Kochetkov in a 3-2 win against the Vegas Golden Knights on Friday.
The 35-year-old goalie has not played since Oct. 26, when he made 18 saves in a 4-1 win against the Seattle Kraken. Andersen, who was expected to be out 8-12 weeks, returned to practice with the Hurricanes on Jan. 8 after having knee surgery Nov. 22.
"I've never been through this exact surgery," Andersen said. "But (it was) a good indication right away that the surgeon liked what was going on, and I just tried to push it as quick as I could without any real setbacks. Obviously, it's not going to be linear, but I was really happy with the process."
Andersen is 3-1-0 with a 1.48 goals-against average and a .941 save percentage in four games this season.
"You're always worried about the rust factor," coach Rod Brind'Amour said. "He hasn't played in a long time. It's good to see him out there in a regular game-kind of mode. We can certainly use him.
"Hopefully Freddie gets going here and solidifies that position for us. That's the last line of defense. If that guy can bail you out, it makes your life a lot easier. You certainly play a little more confidently with that."
In Andersen's absence, Carolina has relied on Kochetkov, who is 17-9-2 with a 2.52 GAA, .902 save percentage and one shutout in 29 starts. Dustin Tokarski, who Carolina signed on Dec. 2, went 4-2-0 with a 2.18 GAA and .902 save percentage in six games but was assigned to Chicago of the American Hockey League on Friday. Spencer Martin made nine appearances before being returned to the AHL on Dec. 2.
Andersen missed 50 games last season with a blood-clotting issue before returning to the lineup in March.
"You take what you can in terms of any experience. I've had some adversity and that type of stuff the last calendar year or two. Having that trust in myself that I can get through it is obviously going to be a challenge for everyone. I have the mental mindset of knowing and believing that I still have good hockey left in me. (I'm) just trying to work as hard as I can to be back and help the guys out." -- Kurt Dusterberg

Minnesota Wild
Brock Faber will return to the lineup when the Wild visit the Nashville Predators on Saturday (8 p.m. ET; FDSNNO, FDSNSO, FDSNWI).
The defenseman missed four games with an upper-body injury sustained during a 6-4 win against the St. Louis Blues on Jan. 7. Faber has 20 points (five goals, 15 assists) in 41 games while averaging a team-high 24:58 of ice time per game.
"I'm excited. I feel good," Faber said. "It obviously [stinks] being hurt. First time in a really long time that I've had to miss games. It'll drive you crazy, that's for sure. But I feel good. I'm excited to be back with the guys. It's really exciting."
Jakub Lauko will also play Saturday. The forward has been out since Dec. 14 after reaggravating a lower-body injury. He has four points (two goals, two assists) in 24 games this season.
"I might have overestimated myself a little bit, and I underestimated the injury," Lauko said. "So it happened again, and I had a little bit different issue as well. So, it's been a long time. Was getting a little sick of just lifting, lifting and just everything from far away. So, I'm happy to be part of the team, to go on a trip again and hopefully get some games."
Kirill Kaprizov was moved to retroactive long-term injured reserve and will not travel with the team on the two-game trip (also at the Colorado Avalanche on Monday). The forward, who has missed 10 games because of a lower-body injury, practiced with the group on Friday and is eligible to return when healthy.
Kaprizov leads Minnesota in goals (23), assists (27) and points (50) in 34 games this season.
"It hasn't been setback. It's just, I would say it's taken a little bit longer in the recovery process of pushing it and then see how it reacts to that, and then pushing it further and see how that reacts," Wild coach John Hynes said.
Jared Spurgeon also practiced and continues to progress from a lower-body injury. Spurgeon last played Dec. 31 and was placed on injured reserve Jan. 6. The defenseman and Wild captain has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 32 games and is averaging 20:43 of ice time per game.
Defenseman Jonas Brodin, who suffered a lower-body injury Dec. 7, has not resumed skating but is working out. -- Jessi Pierce

Columbus Blue Jackets
Jake Christiansen signed a two-year, $1.95 million contract with the Blue Jackets on Friday. It has an average annual value of $975,000.
The 25-year-old defenseman has a career-high seven points (one goal, six assists) in 45 games this season.
"Jake is a mobile, puck-moving defenseman who continues to improve and become a consistent contributor on our blue line this season," Blue Jackets general manager Don Waddell said. "His high character fits in well in our dressing room and we are excited about his future with our club."
He has 14 points (two goals, 12 assists) in 89 career NHL games since being signed by Columbus on March 4, 2020, as an undrafted free agent.

Dallas Stars
Roope Hintz is day to day for the Stars because of an upper-body injury.
The forward left a 4-1 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Tuesday at 7:25 of the first period and did not return after taking a hit from Maple Leafs center Auston Matthews. He took one shift after the hit and exited 6:53 into the game.
Hintz did not play in a 3-1 loss to the Montreal Canadians on Thursday, but has not been ruled out for Dallas' game at the Colorado Avalanche on Saturday (4 p.m. ET; Victory+, ALT).
Hintz has 27 points in 42 games this season and leads the Stars with 19 goals. He is averaging 16:54 of ice time per game and missed one game earlier this season with an undisclosed injury, a 6-2 loss to the Chicago Blackhawks on Nov. 27. -- Taylor Baird

New York Islanders
Simon Holmstrom and Alexander Romanov will each take warmups and could return to the lineup when the Islanders host the San Jose Sharks on Saturday (7:30 p.m. ET; MSGSN, NBCSCA).
Holmstrom, a forward, has missed the past seven games after he sustained an upper-body injury in a 3-2 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins on Dec. 29. Holmstrom was placed on injured reserve, retroactive to that date.
He was a full participant at practice Friday after skating the previous two days in a noncontact jersey. Holmstrom has 22 points (nine goals, 13 assists) in 37 games.
Romanov, a defenseman, has missed three games with an upper-body injury. He did not practice Friday. Romanov has nine assists in 30 games while averaging 21:45 of ice time.
Forward Maxim Tsyplakov was suspended three games by the NHL Department of Player Safety for an illegal check to the head of Philadelphia Flyers forward Ryan Poehling in the first period of a 5-3 loss Thursday.
Forward Marc Gatcomb was recalled from Bridgeport of the AHL. -- Stefen Rosner
January-18-2025:


Ottawa Senators
Linus Ullmark traveled with the Senators for their three-game road trip that begins Sunday at the New Jersey Devils (1 p.m. ET; NHLN, RDS, TSN5, MSGSN).
"He's coming on the road. ... We're still day by day,” coach Travis Green said of Ullmark following a 6-5 shootout win against the Boston Bruins on Saturday.
Ullmark, a goaltender, has not played since leaving after the first period of a 3-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Dec. 22 with a tweaked back. Heading into that game, the 31-year-old was 8-0-1 with a .954 save percentage and 1.43 goals against average in his previous nine starts.
Green did not rule out rookie Leevi Merilainen making his sixth consecutive start Sunday at Prudential Center. Merilainen is 3-0-1 with a .971 save percentage and a 0.74 goals against average in his past four games.
"I will consider everything,” Green said.
Ottawa (23-18-4) visits the New York Rangers on Tuesday and Boston on Thursday. -- Callum Fraser

Minnesota Wild
Brock Faber returned to the lineup for the Wild against the Nashville Predators on Saturday and had two shots in 25:10 of ice time.
The defenseman missed four games with an upper-body injury sustained during a 6-4 win against the St. Louis Blues on Jan. 7. Faber has 20 points (five goals, 15 assists) in 42 games while averaging a team-high 24:58 of ice time per game.
"I'm excited. I feel good," Faber said. "It obviously [stinks] being hurt. First time in a really long time that I've had to miss games. It'll drive you crazy, that's for sure. But I feel good. I'm excited to be back with the guys. It's really exciting."
Jakub Lauko also played 9:18 on Saturday. The forward was out since Dec. 14 after reaggravating a lower-body injury. He has four points (two goals, two assists) in 25 games this season.
"I might have overestimated myself a little bit, and I underestimated the injury," Lauko said. "So, it happened again, and I had a little bit different issue as well. So, it's been a long time. Was getting a little sick of just lifting, lifting and just everything from far away. So, I'm happy to be part of the team, to go on a trip again and hopefully get some games."
The Wild recalled goalie Dylan Ferguson from Iowa of the American Hockey League under emergency conditions Saturday with Filip Gustavsson unavailable because of an illness.
Kirill Kaprizov was moved to retroactive long-term injured reserve and is not travelling with the Wild on a two-game road trip that includes a visit to the Colorado Avalanche on Monday. The forward, who has missed 10 games because of a lower-body injury, practiced with the team Friday and is eligible to return when healthy.
Kaprizov leads Minnesota in goals (23), assists (27) and points (50) in 34 games this season.
"It hasn't been setback; it's just, I would say it's taken a little bit longer in the recovery process of pushing it and then see how it reacts to that, and then pushing it further and see how that reacts," Wild coach John Hynes said.
Jared Spurgeon also practiced and continues to progress from a lower-body injury. Spurgeon last played Dec. 31 and was placed on injured reserve Jan. 6. The defenseman and Wild captain has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 32 games and is averaging 20:43 of ice time.
Defenseman Jonas Brodin, who sustained a lower-body injury Dec. 7, has not resumed skating and was placed on injured reserve Saturday. He is working out off the ice. -- Jessi Pierce

Utah Hockey Club
Mikhail Sergachev did not play in a 4-2 win against the St. Louis Blues on Saturday because of a lower-body injury.
The defenseman did attend the morning skate but left the ice early.
"He's banged up a little bit, but it should be day to day," Utah coach Andre Tourigny said.
Sergachev leads Utah defenseman in goals (eight), assists (22) and points (30), and leads the team in ice time per game (25:45). He had an assist in a 5-3 loss to the New York Rangers on Thursday.
Utah acquired Sergachev in a trade with the Tampa Bay Lightning on June 29 for defenseman J.J. Moser, forward Conor Geekie, a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in 2025. -- Matt Komma

Washington Capitals
Charlie Lindgren was activated from injured reserve by the Capitals on Saturday.
The goalie backed up Logan Thompson in a 4-1 win against the Pittsburgh Penguins after missing the past three games with an upper-body injury sustained in a collision with Montreal Canadiens center Nick Suzuki on Jan 10.
Hunter Shepard was returned to Hershey of the American Hockey League after serving as the Capitals’ backup goalie while Lindgren was unavailable. Thompson started and won all three games, stopping 75 of 76 shots and posting consecutive shutouts against the Anaheim Ducks on Tuesday (3-0 victory) and Ottawa Senators on Thursday (1-0 overtime win).
Thompson has a shutout streak of 146:53. -- Tom Gulitti

Winnipeg Jets
Colin Miller returned to the lineup in a 3-1 loss to the Calgary Flames on Saturday and had an assist in 15:57 of ice time.
The defenseman had missed five games after fracturing the cartilage in his larynx when a puck deflected off his stick and hit him in the throat against the Detroit Red Wings on Jan. 4.
"One in a thousand … Hopefully it's one of those weird ones," Miller said after returning to full-contact practice on Friday. "I was fortunate that I was able to get right back into skating and all that stuff. Had to be a little bit careful with the contact. But I was able to stay conditioned … so that's great."
Miller has nine points (two goals, seven assists) in 35 games this season.
Defenseman Haydn Fleury returned to skate in an optional practice Friday and skated again with the team Saturday. He has missed 10 games after suffering a lower body injury Dec. 23.
"Having that 'D' depth has been huge for us," Winnipeg coach Scott Arniel said. "They're all available for the first time this year -- all eight 'D' are available. I'm just going to go game-to-game here. We'll see. You don't ever want to say that to the players and then you just change your mind and they're expecting things. But we've had communication here and we've been talking since they're all healthy."
Fleury has six assists and is averaging 17:14 of ice time in 25 games this season. -- Darrin Bauming

New York Islanders
Simon Holmstrom and Alexander Romanov each returned to the lineup for the Islanders in a 4-1 win against the San Jose Sharks on Saturday.
Romanov played 23:26 and Holmstrom played 14:01. Neither player registered a point.
Holmstrom, a forward, missed the past seven games after he sustained an upper-body injury in a 3-2 loss to the Penguins on Dec. 29. Holmstrom was placed on injured reserve, retroactive to that date.
He was a full participant at practice Friday after skating the previous two days in a noncontact jersey. Holmstrom has 22 points (nine goals, 13 assists) in 38 games.
Romanov, a defenseman, missed three games with an upper-body injury. He did not practice Friday. Romanov has nine assists in 31 games.
Forward Maxim Tsyplakov was suspended three games by the NHL Department of Player Safety for an illegal check to the head of Philadelphia Flyers forward Ryan Poehling in the first period of a 5-3 loss Thursday.
Forward Marc Gatcomb was recalled from Bridgeport of the AHL. -- Stefen Rosner

Dallas Stars
Roope Hintz is day to day because of an upper-body injury and missed his second straight game when the Stars lost 6-3 to the Colorado Avalanche on Saturday.
The forward left a 4-1 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Tuesday at 7:25 of the first period and did not return after taking a hit from Maple Leafs center Auston Matthews. He took one shift after the hit and exited 6:53 into the game.
Hintz also did not play in a 3-1 loss to the Canadiens on Thursday.
He has 27 points in 42 games this season and leads the Stars with 19 goals. He is averaging 16:54 of ice time per game and missed one game earlier this season with an undisclosed injury, a 6-2 loss to the Chicago Blackhawks on Nov. 27. -- Taylor Baird

Carolina Hurricanes
Frederik Andersen was activated from injured reserve and backed up Pyotr Kochetkov in a 3-2 win against the Vegas Golden Knights on Friday.
The 35-year-old goalie has not played since Oct. 26, when he made 18 saves in a 4-1 win against the Seattle Kraken. Andersen, who was expected to be out 8-12 weeks, returned to practice with the Hurricanes on Jan. 8 after having knee surgery Nov. 22.
"I've never been through this exact surgery," Andersen said. "But (it was) a good indication right away that the surgeon liked what was going on, and I just tried to push it as quick as I could without any real setbacks. Obviously, it's not going to be linear, but I was really happy with the process."
Andersen is 3-1-0 with a 1.48 goals-against average and a .941 save percentage in four games this season.
"You're always worried about the rust factor," coach Rod Brind’Amour said. "He hasn't played in a long time. It's good to see him out there in a regular game-kind of mode. We can certainly use him.
"Hopefully Freddie gets going here and solidifies that position for us. That's the last line of defense. If that guy can bail you out, it makes your life a lot easier. You certainly play a little more confidently with that."
In Andersen's absence, Carolina has relied on Kochetkov, who is 17-9-2 with a 2.52 GAA, .902 save percentage and one shutout in 29 starts. Dustin Tokarski, who Carolina signed on Dec. 2, went 4-2-0 with a 2.18 GAA and .902 save percentage in six games but was assigned to Chicago of the AHL on Friday. Spencer Martin made nine appearances before being returned to the AHL on Dec. 2.
Andersen missed 50 games last season with a blood-clotting issue before returning to the lineup in March.
"You take what you can in terms of any experience. I've had some adversity and that type of stuff the last calendar year or two. Having that trust in myself that I can get through it is obviously going to be a challenge for everyone. I have the mental mindset of knowing and believing that I still have good hockey left in me. (I'm) just trying to work as hard as I can to be back and help the guys out." -- Kurt Dusterberg

Columbus Blue Jackets
Jake Christiansen signed a two-year, $1.95 million contract with the Blue Jackets on Friday. It has an average annual value of $975,000.
The 25-year-old defenseman has a career-high seven points (one goal, six assists) in 45 games this season.
"Jake is a mobile, puck-moving defenseman who continues to improve and become a consistent contributor on our blue line this season," Blue Jackets general manager Don Waddell said. "His high character fits in well in our dressing room and we are excited about his future with our club."
Christiansen has 14 points (two goals, 12 assists) in 89 NHL games since being signed by Columbus as an unrestricted free agent on March 4, 2020.
January-19-2025:

Ottawa Senators
Linus Ullmark traveled with the Senators for their three-game road trip that began with a 2-1 win at the New Jersey Devils on Sunday.
"He's coming on the road. ... We're still day by day,” coach Travis Green said of Ullmark following a 6-5 shootout win against the Boston Bruins on Saturday.
Ullmark, a goalie, has not played since leaving after the first period of a 3-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Dec. 22 with a tweaked back. Heading into that game, the 31-year-old was 8-0-1 with a 1.43 goals-against average and .954 save percentage in his previous nine starts.
Anton Forsberg made 25 saves, 16 in the first period, against the Devils. Leevi Merilainen, who is 4-0-1 with a 1.57 GAA and .940 save percentage in his past five games, was the backup.
Ottawa (24-18-4) visits the New York Rangers on Tuesday and Boston on Thursday. -- Callum Fraser

Boston Bruins
Charlie McAvoy will miss his third consecutive game with an undisclosed injury when the Bruins host the San Jose Sharks on Monday (1 p.m. ET; NBCSCA, NESN).
Boston coach Joe Sacco said the defenseman is day to day and will be reevaluated after the game before a decision is made when he can return to the lineup. McAvoy was placed on injured reserve Jan. 14, retroactive to Jan. 11, when he played 21:45 in a 4-3 overtime win at the Florida Panthers.
“Charlie’s a physical player and he relies on that part of his game to be competitive, and if something is nagging him in that situation we’re trying to do what’s best for him individually and the team too,” Sacco said Sunday. “It’s one of those situations where you’re engaged in battles, engaged in 1-on-1 confrontations is probably the part where it effects the most. I know he’ll come back strong from it and he’ll be ready to go.”
McAvoy has 20 points (five goals, 15 assists) in 45 games this season while averaging a team-high 23:41 of ice time. -- Joe McDonald

Buffalo Sabres
Jiri Kulich will return to the lineup at the Seattle Kraken on Monday (4 p.m. ET; KHN, KONG, MSG-B, TVAS) after missing four games with a lower-body injury.
Kulich has been a full participant at practice since rejoining the Sabres for their morning skate on Jan. 15. At practice Sunday, the center skated between Jason Zucker and Tage Thompson on the top line, where Ryan McLeod played the past two games.
"I was so excited to be back with the boys," he said Friday. "It was pretty boring the first week."
The 20-year-old started the season on the wing but has been a regular fixture at center, his natural position, since early December. He has seven goals and nine points in 31 games.
"I think Jiri has really played well in the middle," Sabres coach Lindy Ruff said. "He's really skated well, broke the puck well out of his own zone. I think now he's finding people around him. It's a little bit like playing with McLeod, a guy with real good speed, and he's been defending well."
McLeod is out with an upper-body injury. He was placed on injured reserve Saturday after taking a hit in practice Thursday. He played 16:56 in a 5-2 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins on Friday and has 24 points (10 goals, 14 assists) in 45 games.
"I know we've got him on IR, but I expect him back by the end of the week," Ruff said.
Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen might not be available against Seattle with the goalie dealing what Ruff called nagging issues and the effects of a hit from Penguins center Evgeni Malkin on Friday. If he doesn't play, he could be back at the Vancouver Canucks on Tuesday.
"I think he'll be good, but might not be [Monday]," Ruff said. -- Heather Engel

Edmonton Oilers
Derek Ryan was placed on waivers by the Oilers on Sunday.
The 38-year-old forward has five points (one goal, four assists) in 33 games this season, his fourth with Edmonton.
Ryan has 208 points (82 goals, 126 assists) in 603 regular-season games with the Oilers, Calgary Flames and Carolina Hurricanes, and 10 points (three goals, seven assists) in 60 Stanley Cup Playoff games. He had one assist in 19 playoff games last season when Edmonton reached the Stanley Cup Final.
The Oilers also sent defenseman Josh Brown to Bakersfield of the American Hockey League on Sunday. He has one assist in eight NHL games this season.

Utah Hockey Club
Mikhail Sergachev did not play in a 4-2 win against the St. Louis Blues on Saturday because of a lower-body injury.
The defenseman attended Utah’s morning skate but left the ice early.
"He's banged up a little bit, but it should be day to day," coach Andre Tourigny said.
Sergachev leads Utah defenseman in goals (eight), assists (22) and points (30), and leads the team in ice time per game (25:45). He had an assist in a 5-3 loss to the New York Rangers on Thursday.
Utah acquired Sergachev in a trade with the Tampa Bay Lightning on June 29 for defenseman J.J. Moser, forward Conor Geekie, a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in 2025. -- Matt Komma
January-20-2025:


Los Angeles Kings
Drew Doughty practiced with the Kings on Monday for the first time since breaking his left ankle in a preseason game against the Vegas Golden Knights on Sept. 25.
The defenseman practiced in a noncontact jersey and participated in three- and four-man drills. He also skated on his own at the other end of the ice while his teammates did special teams work.
“It was awesome,” forward Trevor Moore said. “We missed Drew a lot; I think it’s no secret. His energy, his elite hockey sense is missed on our team, so we’re happy to see him out there.”
Doughty, 35, had 50 points (15 goals, 35 assists) in 82 games last season and finished second in the NHL in time on ice per game (25:48).
It didn’t take long for Doughty to make his presence known, forward Trevor Lewis said.
“He was already hooting and hollering out there the first day back, so it’s great to have him,” Lewis said.
Los Angeles coach Jim Hiller does not know when Doughty will be able to make his season debut.
“You can ask that question. I don’t know when, and that’s the honest answer,” Hiller said. “But I would say this, it’s coming. It’s coming, and it’s hopefully not too far away.”
Alex Laferriere remains out because of an upper-body injury. Hiller expects the forward will miss home games against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Monday (10:30 p.m.; FDSNW, SN-PIT) and Florida Panthers on Wednesday.
Laferriere is third on the Kings in goals (13) and points (26) and is plus-11 in 41 games.
“I don’t know when he’ll be back,” Hiller said. -- Dan Greenspan

Boston Bruins
Charlie McAvoy missed his third consecutive game with an undisclosed injury Monday when the Bruins won 6-3 against the San Jose Sharks.
Boston coach Joe Sacco said the defenseman is day to day and will be reevaluated after the game before a decision is made when he can return to the lineup. McAvoy was placed on injured reserve Jan. 14, retroactive to Jan. 11, when he played 21:45 in a 4-3 overtime win at the Florida Panthers.
“Charlie’s a physical player and he relies on that part of his game to be competitive, and if something is nagging him in that situation we’re trying to do what’s best for him individually and the team too,” Sacco said Sunday. “It’s one of those situations where you’re engaged in battles, engaged in 1-on-1 confrontations is probably the part where it effects the most. I know he’ll come back strong from it and he’ll be ready to go.”
McAvoy has 20 points (five goals, 15 assists) in 45 games this season while averaging a team-high 23:41 of ice time.
The Bruins were also without forward Trent Frederic on Monday because of an illness. -- Joe McDonald

Toronto Maple Leafs
Max Pacioretty will not play against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Monday (7:30 p.m. ET; TVAS, Prime, NHLN, FDSNSUN) because of an upper-body injury.
The forward played 10:19 in a 7-3 win at the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday, when he took a shot to the side of the head but was able to finish the game.
"He's out ... [no timeline yet], just day to day right now," Maple Leafs coach Craig Berube said.
Pacioretty has 12 points (five goals, seven assists) in 32 games this season.
Fraser Minten, who has been a healthy scratch the past two games since being recalled from Toronto of the American Hockey League, will replace Pacioretty and center a line between Max Domi and Nicholas Robertson. -- Dave McCarthy

Utah Hockey Club
Mikhail Sergachev (upper body) will miss his second straight game against the Winnipeg Jets on Monday (9:30 p.m. ET; Utah16, TSN3, TVAS).
The defenseman last played in Utah's 5-3 loss to the New York Rangers on Jan. 16. He participated in the morning skate prior to a 4-2 win against the St. Louis Blues on Saturday but left the ice early and did not play.
Sergachev is 2nd in the NHL in time on ice per game (25:45) and leads Utah defensemen in goals (eight), assists (22) and points (30) in 44 games. -- Matt Komma

Columbus Blue Jackets
Justin Danforth was activated from injured reserve and will return against the New York Islanders on Monday (7:30 p.m. ET; FDSNOH, MSGSN).
The forward missed 18 games because of a lower-body injury sustained Dec. 10 against the Philadelphia Flyers.
Blue Jackets coach Dean Evason said Danforth will play on the fourth line with center Sean Kuraly and left wing Mikael Pyyhtia.
Columbus (22-17-7) enters with a seven-game point streak (6-0-1).
"It's tough to miss games, but it makes it a little easier when the team's doing well," Danforth said after the morning skate. "They've been playing great. Every guy's been playing hard and playing the right way, so I have to raise my level and that's what I plan on doing."
Danforth has eight points (three goals, five assists) in 25 games this season.
Forward Kevin Labanc is expected to be a healthy scratch. -- Stefen Rosner

Buffalo Sabres
Jiri Kulich returned to the lineup at the Seattle Kraken on Monday (4 p.m. ET; KHN, KONG, MSG-B, TVAS) after missing four games with a lower-body injury.
The Sabres forward was a full participant at practice since rejoining the team for its morning skate Jan. 15. At practice Sunday, the center skated between Jason Zucker and Tage Thompson on the top line, where Ryan McLeod played the past two games.
"I was so excited to be back with the boys," he said Friday. "It was pretty boring the first week."
The 20-year-old started the season on the wing but has been a regular fixture at center, his natural position, since early December. He has seven goals and nine points in 31 games.
"I think Jiri has really played well in the middle," Sabres coach Lindy Ruff said. "He's really skated well, broke the puck well out of his own zone. I think now he's finding people around him. It's a little bit like playing with McLeod, a guy with real good speed, and he's been defending well."
McLeod is out with an upper-body injury. He was placed on injured reserve Saturday after taking a hit in practice Thursday. He played 16:56 in a 5-2 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins on Friday and has 24 points (10 goals, 14 assists) in 45 games.
"I know we've got him on IR, but I expect him back by the end of the week," Ruff said.
Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen was not available against Seattle with the goalie dealing what Ruff called nagging issues and the effects of a hit from Penguins center Evgeni Malkin on Friday. He could be back at the Vancouver Canucks on Tuesday. -- Heather Engel

Ottawa Senators
Linus Ullmark traveled with the Senators for their three-game road trip that began with a 2-1 win at the New Jersey Devils on Sunday.
"We're still day by day,” coach Travis Green said of Ullmark following a 6-5 shootout win against the Boston Bruins on Saturday.
Ullmark, a goalie, has not played since leaving after the first period of a 3-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Dec. 22 with a tweaked back. Heading into that game, the 31-year-old was 8-0-1 with a 1.43 goals-against average and .954 save percentage in his previous nine starts.
Anton Forsberg made 25 saves, 16 in the first period, against the Devils. Leevi Merilainen, who is 4-0-1 with a 1.57 GAA and .940 save percentage in his past five games, was the backup.
Ottawa (24-18-4) visits the New York Rangers on Tuesday and Boston on Thursday. -- Callum Fraser

Philadelphia Flyers
Ryan Poehling (upper body) was placed on injured reserve by the Flyers on Monday.
The forward was injured on a hit by Islanders forward Maxim Tsyplakov during the first period of Philadelphia's 5-3 win Thursday and missed a 3-1 victory at the New Jersey Devils on Saturday.
Tsyplakov received a three-game suspension from the NHL Department of Player Safety for an illegal check to the head.
"That type of situation with a head injury, there's ups and downs, day to day," coach John Tortorella said. "Haven't checked in with Tommy [Alva, head athletic trainer] today, but I'm not sure what the timetable is. Those things I leave up to Tommy and 'Poehls' and they'll come to me. I think each day he's getting better."
Forward Scott Laughton missed practice Monday. Tortorella said he was unsure if Laughton would be available to play against the Detroit Red Wings on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNDET, NBCSP, SN1).
The Flyers recalled forward Rodrigo Abols from Lehigh Valley of the AHL on Monday. The 29-year-old could make his NHL debut; he has has 19 points (nine goals, 10 assists) in 34 AHL games.
"Just keep my game simple," Abols said after practice Monday. "It's a dream come true get an opportunity to play here, so make the most of it and use the strengths that I have and see from there." -- Adam Kimelman

Edmonton Oilers
Derek Ryan was placed on waivers by the Oilers on Sunday.
The 38-year-old forward has five points (one goal, four assists) in 33 games this season, his fourth with Edmonton.
Ryan has 208 points (82 goals, 126 assists) in 603 regular-season games with the Oilers, Calgary Flames and Carolina Hurricanes, and 10 points (three goals, seven assists) in 60 Stanley Cup Playoff games. He had one assist in 19 playoff games last season when Edmonton reached the Stanley Cup Final.
The Oilers also sent defenseman Josh Brown to Bakersfield of the AHL on Sunday. He has one assist in eight NHL games this season.
January-21-2025:


Anaheim Ducks
Trevor Zegras returned from a torn meniscus in his right knee in a 5-2 loss against the Florida Panthers on Tuesday and had four shots in 15:48 of ice time.
The Ducks forward was injured late in the first period of a 4-1 loss to the Vegas Golden Knights on Dec. 4.
"During the process, it's a bit frustrating," Zegras said Monday. "You want to play, you want to get back out there."
Zegras has 10 points (four goals, six assists) in 24 games this season. He was limited to 31 games last season because of a groin injury and a broken ankle.
"You hate missing games, (especially) after last season," he said. "I feel good. I feel confident and strong and ready to go."
Zegras practiced on a line Monday with center Leo Carlsson and left wing Alex Killorn. He was also on the second power-play unit.
Anaheim (18-22-6) was not shut out its first 41 games this season but has been held scoreless in three of the past five, including a 3-0 loss at Florida on Saturday, to drop to last in the NHL in goals per game (2.37). -- Dan Arritt

Los Angeles Kings
Drew Doughty practiced with the Kings on Monday for the first time since breaking his left ankle in a preseason game against the Golden Knights on Sept. 25.
The defenseman practiced in a noncontact jersey and participated in three- and four-man drills. He also skated on his own at the other end of the ice while his teammates did special teams work.
“It was awesome,” forward Trevor Moore said. “We missed Drew a lot; I think it’s no secret. His energy, his elite hockey sense is missed on our team, so we’re happy to see him out there.”
Doughty, 35, had 50 points (15 goals, 35 assists) in 82 games last season and finished second in the NHL in time on ice per game (25:48).
It didn’t take long for Doughty to make his presence known, forward Trevor Lewis said.
“He was already hooting and hollering out there the first day back, so it’s great to have him,” Lewis said.
Los Angeles coach Jim Hiller does not know when Doughty will be able to make his season debut.
“You can ask that question. I don’t know when, and that’s the honest answer,” Hiller said. “But I would say this, it’s coming. It’s coming, and it’s hopefully not too far away.”
Alex Laferriere remains out because of an upper-body injury. The forward did not play in a 5-1 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins on Monday, and Hiller expects Laferriere to miss the home game against the Panthers on Wednesday.
Laferriere is third on the Kings in goals (13) and points (26) and is plus-11 in 41 games.
“I don’t know when he’ll be back,” Hiller said. -- Dan Greenspan

Dallas Stars
Roope Hintz returned to the lineup in a 2-1 loss against the Carolina Hurricanes on Tuesday after missing three games with an upper-body injury. He won seven of eight face-offs in 19:20 of ice time.
Hintz sustained the injury in a collision with Toronto Maple Leafs center Auston Matthews on Jan. 14.
"He's healthy. We missed him. We survived it but we're a different team with him out of the lineup," Stars coach Pete DeBoer said. "He's a big part of what we do. Nice to have him back."
Hintz leads Dallas in goals (19) and is tied for fifth in points (27) in 42 games. He also missed a 6-2 loss to the Chicago Blackhawks on Nov. 27 with an undisclosed injury.
"The days when you tell [players] when they're ready to play are gone," DeBoer said. "I think they're very aware of their own bodies. Honestly a lot of the medical is, once you rule out structural things, it's really on the player. How is he feeling? Is he feeling comfortable to be out there? Obviously, [Hintz] does, so it's great to have him out there." -- Taylor Baird

New York Islanders
Noah Dobson is out indefinitely with a lower-body injury.
The Islanders defenseman did not practice Tuesday after he was injured from a hit by Columbus Blue Jackets forward Cole Sillinger at 1:14 of the third period in a 3-1 win Monday. Dobson left under his own power but did not return.
"Well, first of all, we have no timetable of [when] he's going to be back," Islanders coach Patrick Roy said. "That's the first thing. Secondly, I mean, you don't replace Noah. He's one of our better defensemen."
Dobson has 24 points (six goals, 18 assists) in 46 games this season and leads New York with 24:01 of ice time per game.
In Dobson's absence at practice, Alexander Romanov skated with Scott Mayfield, while rookie Isaiah George was paired with Dennis Cholowski.
"We played Romanov with Mayfield, and they play really well," Roy said. "Cholowski and George will play together. We have plenty of confidence in these guys, and we're comfortable with them."
Cholowski also took Dobson's place on the top power-play unit.
Kyle Palmieri (maintenance) did not practice Tuesday, but Roy said there was no concern the forward would miss any games. -- Stefen Rosner

Boston Bruins
Mark Kastelic (undisclosed) was placed on injured reserve Tuesday.
The forward was injured during the Bruins’ 6-3 win against the San Jose Sharks and did not play in the third period. He had two shots on goal in 7:02 of ice time.
Kastelic, who has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 45 games this season, did not travel with the team for its game at the New Jersey Devils on Wednesday.
Forwards Max Jones and Patrick Brown were recalled from Providence of the American Hockey League.
Jones, 26, has no points in four NHL games this season, and 11 points (eight goals, three assists) in 26 AHL games.
Brown, 32, has 25 points (nine goals, 16 assists) in 37 AHL games; he was held without a point in the only NHL game he’s played this season, a 7-2 loss at the Dallas Stars on Nov. 14. -- Joe McDonald

Philadelphia Flyers
Ryan Poehling (upper body) was placed on injured reserve by the Flyers on Monday.
The forward was injured on a hit by Islanders forward Maxim Tsyplakov during the first period of Philadelphia's 5-3 win Jan. 16 and missed a 3-1 victory at the New Jersey Devils on Saturday.
Tsyplakov received a three-game suspension from the NHL Department of Player Safety for an illegal check to the head.
"That type of situation with a head injury, there's ups and downs, day to day," coach John Tortorella said. "Haven't checked in with Tommy [Alva, head athletic trainer] today, but I'm not sure what the timetable is. Those things I leave up to Tommy and 'Poehls' and they'll come to me. I think each day he's getting better."
Forward Scott Laughton missed practice Monday. Tortorella said he was unsure if Laughton would be available to play against the Detroit Red Wings on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNDET, NBCSP, SN1).
The Flyers recalled forward Rodrigo Abols from Lehigh Valley of the AHL on Monday and will make his NHL debut. The 29-year-old had 19 points (nine goals, 10 assists) in 34 AHL games.
"Just keep my game simple," Abols said after practice Monday. "It's a dream come true get an opportunity to play here, so make the most of it and use the strengths that I have and see from there." -- Adam Kimelman
January-22-2025:


Toronto Maple Leafs
Max Pacioretty was placed on injured reserve retroactive to Jan. 18, and missed his second game when the Maple Leafs lost 5-1 to the Columbus Blue Jackets on Wednesday.
Initially, he was listed as day to day, but coach Craig Berube said Wednesday that the timeline has changed.
"Probably a little longer," Berube said. "Yeah, a little longer than day to day."
The forward, who played 10:19 in a 7-3 win against the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday, took a puck to the side of the head, but he finished the game.
Pacioretty has 12 points (five goals, seven assists) in 32 games this season.
The Maple Leafs recalled forward Jacob Quillan from Toronto of the American Hockey League on Wednesday; he is expected to be a healthy scratch. Quillan has 15 points (six goals, nine assists) in 36 AHL games this season. -- Dave McCarthy

Colorado Avalanche
Valeri Nichushkin had a setback in his recovery from a lower-body injury and is week to week.
"Any time without Val is worrisome, and now we don't have a solid timeline on his return," Avalanche coach Jared Bednar said Wednesday. "Whenever you have a setback, you kind of work backwards, start from the ground up again, and start building back up."
Nichushkin, a forward, missed his 11th straight game when the Avalanche lost 3-2 in overtime to the Winnipeg Jets on Wednesday.
"It's not fun. I've been there, too," forward Mikko Rantanen said. "You feel like you're getting back and feeling better, and then something happens. So mentally, it's probably the toughest part. The rehab, you have to do it to get back, but mentally, it's hard too."
Nichushkin has 17 points (six goals, 11 assists) in 21 games this season after returning from a suspension which began on May 13, while he was in Stage 3 of the NHL/NHL Players' Association Player Assistance Program. -- Ryan Boulding

Ottawa Senators
David Perron is expected to return to the lineup for the Senators against the Boston Bruins on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; NESN, TSN5, RDS2).
The forward has not played since Nov. 23 because of an upper-body injury.
“Good to have him back,” coach Travis Green said. “He’s been out for a while now. Veteran leadership, obviously. Good hockey player. It’ll be nice to have him back in the lineup.”
Perron has played in nine games this season and does not have a point. He also missed time earlier this season after his a daughter had to have life-saving surgery.
“I’ve been feeling a lot better,” Perron said. “It’s exciting to be around the guys, just be on the road the last several days. You get the itch to play even more. It’s been a long time coming. Pretty excited.”
Perron was on a line with Zack Ostapchuk and Ridly Greig at practice on Wednesday.
“Just get out there, try and play physical, play my game,” he said. “Be hard to play against. Hang onto pucks down low. Just simple hockey. I’ve never really been a complicated hockey player. I want to shoot the puck when I can and, yeah, I’m really excited.”
Forward Josh Norris (upper body) will not play against the Bruins and is expected to also be out against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Saturday and Utah Hockey Club on Sunday. He did not play after the first period in a 5-0 loss to the New York Rangers on Tuesday.
Norris has 27 points (17 goals, 10 assists) in 47 games this season. -- Amalie Benjamin

Winnipeg Jets
Adam Lowry is week to week for the Jets with an upper-body injury.
"So obviously a big blow," Winnipeg coach Scott Arniel said. "So just like we've kind of done with other injuries, other people have to step up."
Lowry, a forward and Winnipeg's captain, was injured in the first period of a 5-2 loss at the Utah Hockey Club on Monday. He has 26 points (11 goals, 15 assists) in 48 games this season.
"'Lows' is a huge loss. He's our captain, our backbone in a sense," forward Mason Appleton said. "He does a lot of things on all of the ice. He's been scoring too and defending real hard. So he's a huge loss for us, and as soon as we can get him back, that'll be great."
Appleton returned to the lineup for Wednesday's 3-2 overtime win against the Colorado Avalanche after missing 11 games with a lower-body injury.
"It happened before Christmas, and then I thought it was something different," he said. "And I kind of tried to play a game and realized it didn't work," Appleton said. "So after that game, that's when I realized something was more wrong than I thought.
He has 15 points (six goals, nine assists) in 38 games.
"A month away is decent amount of time where you kind of got to maybe ease back into it a little bit," Appleton said. "Like, you're not going to feel great right away, but I've been a situation like this before, and just try to build my game and get going. Excited to be back, for sure though." -- Ryan Boulding

New York Islanders
Noah Dobson is out indefinitely with a lower-body injury.
The Islanders defenseman did not practice Tuesday after he was injured from a hit by Columbus Blue Jackets forward Cole Sillinger at 1:14 of the third period in a 3-1 win Monday. Dobson left under his own power but did not return.
"Well, first of all, we have no timetable of [when] he's going to be back," Islanders coach Patrick Roy said. "That's the first thing. Secondly, I mean, you don't replace Noah. He's one of our better defensemen."
Dobson has 24 points (six goals, 18 assists) in 46 games this season and leads New York with 24:01 of ice time per game.
In Dobson's absence at practice, Alexander Romanov skated with Scott Mayfield, while rookie Isaiah George was paired with Dennis Cholowski.
"We played Romanov with Mayfield, and they play really well," Roy said. "Cholowski and George will play together. We have plenty of confidence in these guys, and we're comfortable with them."
Cholowski also took Dobson's place on the top power-play unit.
Kyle Palmieri (maintenance) did not practice Tuesday, but Roy said there was no concern the forward would miss their next game against the Philadelphia Flyers on Friday (7:30 p.m. ET; MSGSN, NBCSP+). -- Stefen Rosner

Boston Bruins
Mark Kastelic was placed on injured reserve Tuesday with an undisclosed injury.
The forward was injured during a 6-3 win against the San Jose Sharks on Monday and did not play in the third period. He had two shots on goal in 7:02 of ice time.
Kastelic, who has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 45 games this season, did not travel with the team for its 5-1 loss at the New Jersey Devils on Wednesday.
Forwards Max Jones and Patrick Brown were recalled from Providence of the American Hockey League.
Jones, 26, has no points in four NHL games this season, and 11 points (eight goals, three assists) in 26 AHL games. He is expected to play Wednesday.
Brown, 32, has 25 points (nine goals, 16 assists) in 37 AHL games; he was held without a point in the only NHL game he's played this season, a 7-2 loss at the Dallas Stars on Nov. 14. -- Joe McDonald
January-23-2025:


New York Islanders
Noah Dobson is out week to week for the Islanders because of a lower-body injury that will not require surgery.
The defenseman was injured on a hit by Columbus Blue Jackets forward Cole Sillinger at 1:14 of the third period during a 3-1 win Monday. Dobson left under his own power but did not return.
"I mean, you don't replace Noah," Islanders coach Patrick Roy said Wednesday. "He's one of our better defensemen."
Dobson has 24 points (six goals, 18 assists) in 46 games this season and leads New York with an average ice time of 24:01 per game.
In Dobson's absence, Alexander Romanov skated with Scott Mayfield, while rookie Isaiah George was paired with Dennis Cholowski.
Cholowski has taken Dobson's place on the top power-play unit.
Hudson Fasching (upper body) was a full participant at practice after skating the last two days in a noncontact jersey. The forward remains on injured reserve, retroactive to Jan. 5.
Kyle Palmieri (maintenance) did not practice Tuesday, but Roy said there was no concern the forward would miss their game against the Philadelphia Flyers on Friday (7:30 p.m. ET; MSGSN, NBCSP+). -- Stefen Rosner

Detroit Red Wings
Patrick Kane is day to day because of an upper-body injury and did not play in a 4-2 win against the Montreal Canadiens on Thursday.
Red Wings coach Todd McLellan said Kane originally sustained the injury during a 4-1 loss to the Dallas Stars on Sunday. The forward also missed most of the final 5:30 of the third period during a 2-1 overtime loss to the Philadelphia Flyers on Tuesday.
Kane has 30 points (11 goals, 19 assists) in 42 games this season. He had 16 points (six goals, 10 assists) during a 10-game stretch before being held without a point the past two games.
Vladimir Tarasenko took Kane's place on the second line with Andrew Copp and Alex DeBrincat and had an assist.
Forward Joe Veleno entered the lineup after not playing against the Flyers on Tuesday and logged 15:08 of ice time. -- Dave Hogg

Vegas Golden Knights
William Karlsson was placed on injured reserve Thursday and is week to week because of a lower-body injury, according to Golden Knights coach Bruce Cassidy.
The forward has been dealing with a lingering injury and was considered day to day when he missed practice Wednesday.
Karlsson played 17:46 during a 5-4 shootout loss against the St. Louis Blues on Monday. He has 18 points (seven goals, 11 assists) in 38 games this season, and also missed the first eight games of the season because of an undisclosed injury.
"We had a maintenance day for him the other day and we were hoping to get good news; it wasn't what we wanted and what he wanted," Cassidy said. "He'll be week to week for now, so we'll see how that plays out.
"It's a hole in our lineup, but you know what? We got through it earlier this year. It's an opportunity for others. At that time it was more of an opportunity for Cole Schwindt, who happens to be hurt at the same time, so that's probably the tough part is, they go out together, two guys that can play the middle of the ice."
Schwindt was also placed on injured reserve Thursday because of a lower-body injury and forwards Brendan Brisson and Tanner Laczynski were recalled from Henderson of the American Hockey League. -- Lou Korac

Boston Bruins
Jeremy Swayman is day to day for the Bruins with an upper-body injury and did not dress for a 2-0 win against the Ottawa Senators on Thursday.
Bruins interim coach Joe Sacco said Swayman's injury is minor and "popped up" during a 5-1 loss to the New Jersey Devils on Wednesday. Swayman started the game but did not play in the third period.
Sacco said he was "cautiously optimistic" that Swayman would be able to return for the Bruins' next game against the Colorado Avalanche on Saturday.
Michael DiPietro was recalled from Providence of the American Hockey League on Thursday and backed up Joonas Korpisalo against the Senators. -- Joe McDonald

Ottawa Senators
David Perron returned to the lineup for the Senators in a 2-0 loss against the Boston Bruins on Thursday and had one shot in 11:00 of ice time.
The forward had not played since Nov. 23 because of an upper-body injury.
"Good to have him back," coach Travis Green said Wednesday. "He's been out for a while now. Veteran leadership, obviously. Good hockey player. It'll be nice to have him back in the lineup."
Perron has played in 10 games this season and does not have a point. He also missed time earlier this season after his daughter had to have life-saving surgery.
"I've been feeling a lot better," Perron said. "It's exciting to be around the guys, just be on the road the last several days. You get the itch to play even more. It's been a long time coming. Pretty excited."
Forward Josh Norris (upper body) did not play against the Bruins and is expected also to be out against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Saturday and the Utah Hockey Club on Sunday. He did not play after the first period of a 5-0 loss to the New York Rangers on Tuesday.
Norris has 27 points (17 goals, 10 assists) in 47 games this season. -- Amalie Benjamin

San Jose Sharks
Tyler Toffoli returned to the lineup for the Sharks in a 6-5 loss to the Nashville Predators on Thursday after missing three games because of a lower-body injury and had four shots on goal in 17:44 of ice time.
The forward sustained the injury during a morning skate Jan. 18, before the Sharks 4-1 loss to the New York Islanders.
"We were fortunate that [it] didn't linger longer, and to get him back is important," Sharks coach Ryan Warsofsky said. "He's a veteran guy that's won a Stanley Cup. He's important for this group."
Toffoli leads the Sharks in goals with 17 and has 30 points in 48 games this season.
Walker Duehr made his Sharks debut after he was claimed off waivers from the Calgary Flames on Wednesday and scored his first goal with San Jose. The forward had one assist in 16 games with the Flames this season.
"[He brings] some size (6-foot-2, 210 pounds), some speed. [He's a] north-south type of hockey player," Warsofsky said.
San Jose placed forward Nico Sturm on injured reserve because of a lower-body injury on Wednesday. He is week to week.
Klim Kostin also was placed on injured reserve, retroactive to Jan. 11, because of a lower-body injury and is week to week. -- Max Miller

Colorado Avalanche
Miles Wood will travel with the Avalanche on their upcoming road trip and could play against the Boston Bruins on Saturday (1 p.m. ET; NHLN, NESN, ALT, SN, TVAS).
"He's coming on the trip, yeah. So hopefully everything goes smoothly," Colorado coach Jared Bednar said after practice Thursday. "Tomorrow, we're just meeting at the plane. Pregame skate in Boston. We'll make our decision then, see if he's good to go for Boston."
Wood has missed the past 26 games with a back injury.
"Right before playoffs last year, I kind of dealt with it, and then the offseason came and I felt great because I wasn't playing hockey. And then it just kind of sparked up again," Wood said. "It's very frustrating because I thought it was healed and then I tweaked it again, and then kind of went back to square one. So hopefully I don't have to deal with that again."
The forward was a full participant in practice on Thursday, skating on the fourth line with center Juuso Parssinen and forwards Jere Innala and Chris Wagner.
"Probably ease him in a little bit here. He's been out a long time," Bednar said. "That's only his, I think, second practice with our team, just because we've had all these days off, and I think the last one was last week. So it's been long enough that he's been feeling good enough to join our team, but we just haven't had a bunch of skates, just with the schedule.
"So I wish he'd been with our team for another five, six skates, even, but he's feeling good. I'd rather have him in the lineup, even if it's limited minutes."
Wood has three points (two goals, one assist) in 16 games this season, his second with the Avalanche after signing a six-year contract on July 1, 2023. He also missed seven games earlier this season with an upper-body injury.
"I hope to be back [at] 100 percent, but knowing back problems and talking to players that have dealt the same thing, it's going to be something I'll have to take care of throughout probably the rest of my career," he said. -- Ryan Boulding

Toronto Maple Leafs
Max Pacioretty was placed on injured reserve retroactive to Jan. 18, and missed his second game when the Maple Leafs lost 5-1 to the Columbus Blue Jackets on Wednesday.
Initially he was listed as day to day, but coach Craig Berube said Wednesday that the timeline has changed.
"Probably a little longer," Berube said. "Yeah, a little longer than day to day."
The forward, who played 10:19 in a 7-3 win against the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday, took a puck to the side of the head but he finished the game.
Pacioretty has 12 points (five goals, seven assists) in 32 games this season.
The Maple Leafs recalled forward Jacob Quillan from Toronto of the American Hockey League on Wednesday, but he was a healthy scratch. Quillan has 15 points (six goals, nine assists) in 36 AHL games this season. -- Dave McCarthy

Winnipeg Jets
Adam Lowry is week to week for the Jets because of an upper-body injury.
"Obviously a big blow," Winnipeg coach Scott Arniel said prior to a 3-2 overtime win against the Colorado Avalanche on Wednesday. "So just like we've kind of done with other injuries, other people have to step up."
Lowry, a forward and Winnipeg's captain, was injured during the first period of a 5-2 loss at the Utah Hockey Club on Monday. He has 26 points (11 goals, 15 assists) in 48 games this season.
"'Lows' is a huge loss. He's our captain, our backbone in a sense," forward Mason Appleton said. "He does a lot of things on all of the ice. He's been scoring too and defending real hard. So he's a huge loss for us, and as soon as we can get him back, that'll be great."
Appleton returned to the lineup Wednesday after missing 11 games because of a lower-body injury.
"It happened before Christmas, and then I thought it was something different," he said. "And I kind of tried to play a game and realized it didn't work," Appleton said. "So after that game, that's when I realized something was more wrong than I thought.
He has 15 points (six goals, nine assists) in 38 games.
"A month away is decent amount of time where you kind of got to maybe ease back into it a little bit," Appleton said. "Like, you're not going to feel great right away, but I've been a situation like this before, and just try to build my game and get going. Excited to be back for sure though." -- Ryan Boulding
January-24-2025:

Toronto Maple Leafs
Matthew Knies skated prior to practice but will not play when the Maple Leafs face the Ottawa Senators on Saturday (7 p.m. ET; CBC, SN360, SNO, SNP, TVAS2) because of an upper-body injury. The forward is considered day to day.
"He went on the ice today for a little bit, but I don't know how long it will be," coach Craig Berube said. "It's a tough one to tell right now."
Knies left a 5-1 loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets near the end of the second period after colliding with Blue Jackets forward Kirill Marchenko and falling awkwardly into a linesperson along the boards in the neutral zone.
Bobby McMann will replace Knies at left wing on a line with center Auston Matthews and right wing Mitch Marner.
"Similar player," Berube said. "They are different in ways but he's got great speed and he should be doing the same thing Knies did, get in on the forecheck, create loose pucks, go to the net, all the work there. He's done that throughout the season, so it could be a good fit."
Forward Jacob Quillan, who was recalled from Toronto of the American Hockey League on Wednesday, will make his NHL debut Saturday. He practiced at left wing on a line with center Fraser Minten and right wing Ryan Reaves.
Goalie Anthony Stolarz, who had a procedure Dec. 18 to remove a loose body from his knee, skated on his own prior to practice and took shots from goaltending coach Curtis Sanford.
Stolarz last played Dec. 12.
"He's doing great, so that's very encouraging news and he's out there moving around, going down and stuff like that, so he's in a good spot right now," Berube said. "Not really [on a timeline yet], we're going to have to see him more and get him in full practices. But he's doing well. Probably maybe a little ahead of schedule, I'm not sure exactly on that. But I don't think it's going to be a whole lot longer." -- Dave McCarthy
New York Islanders
Tony DeAngelo signed a one-year contract for the remainder of the 2024-25 season. Financial terms were not released.
The defenseman did not play in the Islanders' 3-1 win against the Philadelphia Flyers on Friday but could be an option against the Carolina Hurricanes on Saturday (7:30 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, MSGSN).
DeAngelo had 32 points (six goals, 26 assists) in 34 games with SKA St. Petersburg of the Kontinental Hockey League before he and the team mutually agreed to terminate his contract Jan. 14.
He had 11 points (three goals, eight assists) in 31 games with the Hurricanes last season. In 371 regular-season games with the Hurricanes, Flyers, New York Rangers and Arizona Coyotes, DeAngelo has 210 points (48 goals, 162 assists).
The Islanders announced Thursday that defenseman Noah Dobson is week to week because of a lower-body injury sustained during a 3-1 win against the Blue Jackets on Monday. Defenseman Mike Reilly has not played since Nov. 1 because of a concussion, followed by a heart procedure. -- Stefen Rosner

Pittsburgh Penguins
Bryan Rust is day to day because of a lower-body injury sustained during a 5-1 loss to the Anaheim Ducks on Thursday.
The forward did not play in the third period and did not practice Friday.
"He's a tough guy to replace," coach Mike Sullivan said Friday. "He obviously plays in all the key roles, he plays on our top line. He's an invaluable player for us."
Rust is second on the Penguins with 19 goals and third with 38 points in 43 games.
Anthony Beauvillier skated in Rust's spot at right wing on the Penguins' top line, alongside center Sidney Crosby and left wing Rickard Rakell, at practice.
The Penguins visit the Seattle Kraken on Saturday (4 p.m. ET; KHN, SN-PIT, KONG). -- Wes Crosby
Carolina Hurricanes
William Carrier is "going to be [out] long-term now," Hurricanes coach Rod Brind'Amour said Friday.
The forward, who has missed the past 10 games because of a lower-body injury, is recovering from surgery.
"Not sure how long, but it's going to be, I would say, a couple months," Brind'Amour said. "... They just don't know how long the recovery is going to be."
Brind'Amour said the hope is Carrier, who last played Jan. 4, will be able to return before the end of the season.
Carrier has nine points (four goals, five assists) in 39 games, and leads Carolina with 136 hits.
San Jose Sharks
Ty Dellandrea was placed on injured reserve Friday because of an upper-body injury the forward sustained during a 6-5 loss to the Nashville Predators on Thursday.
"It is still very fresh," Sharks coach Ryan Warsofsky said. "I'll probably know more tomorrow."
The Sharks recalled forward Scott Sabourin from San Jose of the AHL and reassigned forward Collin Graf.
Sabourin has 13 points (five goals, eight assists) in 35 AHL games. If the 32-year-old plays against the Florida Panthers on Saturday (10 p.m. ET; SCRIPPS, NBCSCA), it would be his first NHL game since Jan. 16, 2024.
"At the end of the day you've got to earn it," Warsofsky said. "If you play well enough, we'll call you up. If you don't play well enough, we won't call you up and the other guy will come up. I think you need some inner competition."
Graf has two assists in 10 games with the Sharks, and 26 points (six goals, 20 assists) in 29 AHL games.
"His skill set is to make plays and we just didn't see enough as the games went on with him," Warsofsky said. "We wanted him to go down there and get back to making plays."
Vitek Vanecek (broken cheekbone) practiced for the first time since he was hit in the face with a puck while sitting on the bench during a game against the Winnipeg Jets on Dec. 17. Warsofsky said the goalie is day to day and needs to get up to speed with more practice time. -- Max Miller
Boston Bruins
Jeremy Swayman could be in the lineup against the Colorado Avalanche on Saturday (1 p.m. ET; NHLN, NESN, ALT, SN, TVAS).
The goalie did not dress for a 2-0 win against the Senators on Thursday because of an upper-body injury.
Bruins interim coach Joe Sacco said Swayman's injury is minor and "popped up" during a 5-1 loss to the New Jersey Devils on Wednesday. Swayman started the game but did not play in the third period.
Goalie Michael DiPietro, who had been recalled from Providence of the American Hockey League on Thursday and backed up Joonas Korpisalo against the Senators, was returned to the AHL on Friday.
The Bruins also sent forward Patrick Brown to the AHL. Sacco said forward Cole Koepke, who has missed the past three games because of an upper-body injury, could be available Saturday. -- Joe McDonald
Colorado Avalanche
Miles Wood could return to the lineup against the Bruins on Saturday (1 p.m. ET; NHLN, NESN, ALT, SN, TVAS).
"He's coming on the trip, yeah, so hopefully everything goes smoothly," Colorado coach Jared Bednar said after practice Thursday. "Tomorrow we're just meeting at the plane. Pregame skate in Boston, we'll make our decision then, see if he's good to go for Boston."
Wood has missed 26 games because of a back injury.
"Right before playoffs last year I kind of dealt with it, and then the offseason came and I felt great because I wasn't playing hockey," Wood said. "And then it just kind of sparked up again. It's very frustrating because I thought it was healed and then I tweaked it again, and then kind of went back to square one. So hopefully I don't have to deal with that again."
The forward practiced Thursday, splitting shifts on the fourth line with forwards Juuso Parssinen, Jere Innala and Chris Wagner.
"Probably ease him in a little bit here. He's been out a long time," Bednar said. "That's only his, I think, second practice with our team, just because we've had all these days off, and I think the last one was last week. So it's been long enough that he's been feeling good enough to join our team, but we just haven't had a bunch of skates, just with the schedule.
"So, I wish he'd been with our team for another five, six skates even, but he's feeling good. I'd rather have him in the lineup, even if it's limited minutes."
Wood has three points (two goals, one assist) in 16 games this season. He also missed seven games earlier this season with an upper-body injury.
"I hope to be back [at] 100 percent, but knowing back problems and talking to players that have dealt with the same thing, it's going to be something I'll have to take care of throughout probably the rest of my career," he said. -- Ryan Boulding
Buffalo Sabres
Ryan McLeod is expected to return for the Sabres when they visit the Edmonton Oilers on Saturday (4 p.m. ET; SN, MSG-B).
The center has missed the past three games with an upper-body injury.
“I’m confident he will play tomorrow,” Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff said Friday. “He was playing well before he went out and now, getting him back in, obviously, we’ve had some big minutes from some young guys in the middle and he’ll help out with that.”
McLeod has 24 points (10 goals, 14 assists) in 45 games this season, his first with Buffalo. He’ll be returning to Rogers Place and facing his former team for the first time since being acquired in a trade with Edmonton on July 5.
Sabres forward Jason Zucker, who has missed two games with an illness, will be a game-time decision Saturday. He is second on Buffalo with 16 goals (behind Tage Thompson, 22) and is tied for second with JJ Peterka with 35 points (Thompson, 40) in 46 games.
January-25-2025:


Florida Panthers
Aaron Ekblad had a goal and an assist as returned to the lineup in a 7-2 win against the San Jose Sharks on Saturday.
The defenseman missed seven games with an upper-body injury sustained in a 4-1 win against the Utah Hockey Club on Jan 8.
"Aaron's in tonight, and thankfully. We've missed him," Panthers coach Paul Maurice said. "He's a big part of all pieces of our game, our penalty kill, [and] maybe more than anything, the power play. He also plays against the other team's best, but it also structures the rest of our back end out."
The Panthers were 3-3-1 without Ekblad, who leads the team's defensemen in points with 22 (three goals, 19 assists) in 42 games. -- Max Miller

Carolina Hurricanes
Forwards Mikko Rantanen and Taylor Hall each made his debut for the Hurricanes at the New York Islanders on Saturday.
Rantanen was acquired in a trade with the Colorado Avalanche on Friday for forwards Jack Drury and Martin Necas, along with a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft. Hall was acquired from the Chicago Blackhawks for a third-round pick in the 2025 Draft.
Rantanen has 64 points (25 goals, 39 assists) in 49 games this season. He has played all 619 games of his NHL career with the Avalanche and has 681 points (287 goals, 394 assists). Hall has 24 points (nine goals, 15 assists) in 46 games this season, and 721 points (275 goals, 446 assists) in 878 NHL games with the Edmonton Oilers, Devils, Arizona Coyotes, Buffalo Sabres, Bruins and Blackhawks.
The trades came the same day the Hurricanes announced that forward William Carrier is "going to be [out] long-term now."
Carrier, who has missed the past 10 games because of a lower-body injury, is recovering from surgery.
"Not sure how long, but it's going to be, I would say, a couple months," Brind'Amour said. "... They just don't know how long the recovery is going to be."
Brind'Amour said the hope is Carrier, who last played Jan. 4, will be able to return before the end of the season.
Carrier has nine points (four goals, five assists) in 39 games, and leads Carolina with 136 hits.

Ottawa Senators
Linus Ullmark is nearing a return from a tweaked back but missed his 15th consecutive game when the Senators defeated the Toronto Maple Leafs 2-1 on Saturday.
Ullmark, a goaltender who was a full participant during the morning skate Saturday, has not played since leaving after the first period of a 3-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Dec. 22. Coach Travis Green said Ullmark's status has been upgraded to day to day, but he also won't play Sunday against the Utah Hockey Club.
"The fact that he's on the ice with us in a team setting, he's a lot closer than he was three days ago," Green said. "I expect him to play sooner than later."
Defenseman Travis Hamonic made his return from a lower-body injury after missing 10 games and had 22:08 of ice time while playing with Thomas Chabot on the second pair.
"I'm excited," Hamonic said. "I obviously want to play, and I've been watching games. We did some good work here with the medical staff. I think we've got one of the better medical staffs in the league; they help us get back up to speed. I'm ready, I'm excited and I just want to try and come in and help."
Defenseman Jake Sanderson also returned Saturday from a lower-body injury that kept him out of a 2-0 loss to the Boston Bruins on Thursday. He had an assist in 23:38 on the ice. Defenseman Nick Jensen did not play against Toronto and is out for Sunday's game against Utah as well due to an undisclosed injury, but could return next week, Green said.
"He's been playing banged up a little bit, so hopefully the weekend will reset him," Green said of Jensen. -- Callum Fraser

San Jose Sharks
Ty Dellandrea was placed on injured reserve Friday because of an upper-body injury the forward sustained during a 6-5 loss to the Nashville Predators on Thursday.
"It is still very fresh," Sharks coach Ryan Warsofsky said. "I'll probably know more tomorrow."
Forward Scott Sabourin was recalled from San Jose of the AHL, and forward Collin Graf was sent back.
Sabourin has 13 points (five goals, eight assists) in 35 AHL games. If the 32-year-old plays against the Florida Panthers on Saturday (10 p.m. ET; SCRIPPS, NBCSCA), it would be his first NHL game since Jan. 16, 2024.
"At the end of the day you've got to earn it," Warsofsky said. "If you play well enough, we'll call you up. If you don't play well enough, we won't call you up and the other guy will come up. I think you need some inner competition."
Graf has two assists in 10 games with the Sharks, and 26 points (six goals, 20 assists) in 29 AHL games.
"His skill set is to make plays and we just didn't see enough as the games went on with him," Warsofsky said. "We wanted him to go down there and get back to making plays."
Vitek Vanecek (broken cheekbone) practiced for the first time since he was hit in the face with a puck while sitting on the bench during a game against the Winnipeg Jets on Dec. 17. Warsofsky said the goalie is day to day and needs to get up to speed with more practice time. -- Max Miller

New York Islanders
Tony DeAngelo signed a one-year contract for the remainder of the 2024-25 season. Financial terms were not released.
The defenseman was be in the lineup against the Carolina Hurricanes on Saturday, on a pair with Alexander Romanov.
DeAngelo had 32 points (six goals, 26 assists) in 34 games with SKA St. Petersburg of the Kontinental Hockey League before he and the team mutually agreed to terminate his contract Jan. 14.
He had 11 points (three goals, eight assists) in 31 games with the Hurricanes last season. In 371 regular-season games with the Hurricanes, Flyers, New York Rangers and Arizona Coyotes, DeAngelo has 210 points (48 goals, 162 assists). -- Stefen Rosner

Colorado Avalanche
Miles Wood could return to the lineup against the New York Rangers on Sunday (1 p.m. ET; MSG, ALT, SN, TVAS).
The forward, who has missed 26 games because of a back injury, accompanied the team on their road trip, but did not play in a 3-1 loss to the Boston Bruins on Saturday.
"Right before playoffs last year I kind of dealt with it, and then the offseason came and I felt great because I wasn't playing hockey," Wood said Thursday. "And then it just kind of sparked up again. It's very frustrating because I thought it was healed and then I tweaked it again, and then kind of went back to square one. So hopefully I don't have to deal with that again."
Wood practiced Thursday, splitting shifts on the fourth line with forwards Juuso Parssinen, Jere Innala and Chris Wagner.
"Probably ease him in a little bit here. He's been out a long time," Avalanche coach Jared Bednar Thrusday said. "That's only his, I think, second practice with our team, just because we've had all these days off, and I think the last one was last week. So it's been long enough that he's been feeling good enough to join our team, but we just haven't had a bunch of skates, just with the schedule.
"So, I wish he'd been with our team for another five, six skates even, but he's feeling good. I'd rather have him in the lineup, even if it's limited minutes."
Wood has three points (two goals, one assist) in 16 games this season. He also missed seven games earlier this season with an upper-body injury.
"I hope to be back [at] 100 percent, but knowing back problems and talking to players that have dealt with the same thing, it's going to be something I'll have to take care of throughout probably the rest of my career," he said. -- Ryan Boulding

Toronto Maple Leafs
Connor Dewar was placed on injured reserve Saturday, retroactive to Jan. 20.
The forward sustained an upper-body injury in a 5-3 win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Monday and did not play in a 4-2 loss to the Detroit Red Wings on Thursday.
Dewar has three assists in 29 games this season.
"It's going to take a little bit of time," Maple Leafs coach Craig Berube said. "I can tell you that from past injuries I've seen, the same. It's hard to put a timeline on it because you think it's a week and then it's two weeks and then it goes on. I'm not saying that is going to be two weeks; I'm saying it's hard to figure that one out, that injury. It's a feel thing. Once he gets on the ice, when he starts to get on the ice and get practicing a little bit, we'll know a lot more about where he's at."
Nikita Grebenkin was recalled from Toronto of the AHL on Saturday prior to Saturday's 2-1 loss to the Senators but was not in the lineup. The forward has no points in seven NHL games this season. -- Callum Fraser

Columbus Blue Jackets
Boone Jenner practiced Saturday for the first time since undergoing shoulder surgery Oct. 9.
The Blue Jackets captain had been skating on his own for several weeks
"Definitely a good step in the process," the center said. "Feels like it's been a long, long time and it has.
"Obviously, it's a morning skate so a couple practices next week will, I think, be a bit more helpful with getting some 5-on-5s, stuff like that."
Jenner was injured during a preseason practice Oct. 4. He had 35 points (22 goals, 13 assists) in 58 games last season.
His goal from the onset of his recovery was to return by the 2025 Navy Federal Credit Union NHL Stadium Series at Ohio Stadium on March 1, when Columbus plays its first outdoor game against Detroit.
"I'm definitely hoping to play that one, no doubt," he said. "But just day by day right now, and this was a big step today, getting back to practice."
Forward Sean Monahan is expected to be sidelined for an additional six to eight weeks as he recovers from a wrist injury suffered against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Jan. 7.
The Blue Jackets placed Monahan on injured reserve on Jan. 9.
"Do we want 'Monnie' in our lineup? Absolutely," Columbus coach Dean Evason said. "But he'll get fixed up and people will continually step up in his absence. We look forward to him coming back."
The 30-year-old is in his first season with Columbus after signing a five-year, $27.5 million contract ($5.5 million AAV) on July 1. In 41 games this season, Monahan has 41 points (14 goals, 27 assists).-- Craig Merz

Chicago Blackhawks
Connor Murphy practiced for the first time since playing in the Discover NHL Winter Classic on Dec. 31, but the defenseman will be out when the Blackhawks host the Minnesota Wild on Sunday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNWI, FDSNNO, CHSN, SN1).
"Out for tomorrow, but it's a good sign," coach Anders Sorensen said Saturday. "We'll see here how the next couple of days progress."
Murphy logged 19:39 of ice time when Chicago lost 6-2 to the St. Louis Blues in the Winter Classic, but was ruled out of practice two days later with a groin injury. He has missed the past 10 games.
The 31-year-old has 13 points (one goal, 12 assists) in 38 games this season.
"He's a huge leader on this team and even if he's not playing in the game or whatever, it's nice to have him out there in practice and just around the locker room," defenseman Alex Vlasic said. "He's a good leader, leads by example and he's vocal and brings a new type of energy to the rink." -- Tracey Myers

Buffalo Sabres
Ryan McLeod returned for the Sabres in their 3-2 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Saturday and had one shot on goal in 19:00 of ice time.
The center had missed the past three games with an upper-body injury.
"He was playing well before he went out and now, getting him back in, obviously, we've had some big minutes from some young guys in the middle and he'll help out with that," Sabres coach Lindy Ruff said Friday.
McLeod has 24 points (10 goals, 14 assists) in 46 games this season, his first with Buffalo. He returned to Rogers Place and faced his former team for the first time since being acquired in a trade with Edmonton on July 5.
Sabres forward Jason Zucker returned to the lineup Saturday after missing two games with an illness and had an assist in 15:05 of ice time. He is second on the team with 16 goals (behind Tage Thompson, 22) and is tied for second with JJ Peterka with 36 points (Thompson, 40) in 47 games.
January-26-2025:


Colorado Avalanche
Miles Wood was activated from injured reserve Sunday and returned to play 10:10 in Colorado's 5-4 win against the New York Rangers after missing 27 games because of a back injury.
The forward accompanied the Avalanche on their road trip but did not play in a 3-1 loss to the Boston Bruins on Saturday.
"Right before playoffs last year I kind of dealt with it, and then the offseason came and I felt great because I wasn't playing hockey," Wood said Thursday. "And then it just kind of sparked up again. It's very frustrating because I thought it was healed and then I tweaked it again, and then kind of went back to square one. So hopefully I don't have to deal with that again."
Wood practiced Thursday, splitting shifts on the fourth line with forwards Juuso Parssinen, Jere Innala and Chris Wagner.
"Probably ease him in a little bit here. He's been out a long time," coach Jared Bednar said Thursday. "That's only his, I think, second practice with our team, just because we've had all these days off, and I think the last one was last week. So, it's been long enough that he's been feeling good enough to join our team, but we just haven't had a bunch of skates, just with the schedule.
"So, I wish he'd been with our team for another five, six skates even, but he's feeling good. I'd rather have him in the lineup, even if it's limited minutes."
Wood has three points (two goals, one assist) in 16 games this season. He also missed seven games earlier this season with an upper-body injury.
"I hope to be back [at] 100 percent, but knowing back problems and talking to players that have dealt with the same thing, it's going to be something I'll have to take care of throughout probably the rest of my career," he said. -- Ryan Boulding

Columbus Blue Jackets
Sean Monahan is expected to be sidelined an additional 6-8 weeks to recover from a wrist injury sustained against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Jan. 7.
The center was placed on injured reserve by the Blue Jackets on Jan. 9.
"Do we want 'Monnie' in our lineup? Absolutely," coach Dean Evason said. "But he'll get fixed up and people will continually step up in his absence. We look forward to him coming back."
Monahan, 30, is in his first season with Columbus after signing a five-year, $27.5 million contract ($5.5 million average annual value) on July 1, 2024. He has 41 points (14 goals, 27 assists) in 41 games.
Boone Jenner practiced Saturday for the first time since having shoulder surgery Oct. 9. The Blue Jackets captain had been skating on his own for several weeks.
"Definitely a good step in the process," Jenner said. "Feels like it's been a long, long time and it has. Obviously, it's a morning skate, so a couple practices next week will, I think, be a bit more helpful with getting some 5-on-5s, stuff like that."
Jenner, a center, was injured during a preseason practice Oct. 4. He had 35 points (22 goals, 13 assists) in 58 games last season. His goal from the onset of his recovery was to return by the 2025 Navy Federal Credit Union NHL Stadium Series at Ohio Stadium on March 1, when the Blue Jackets play their first outdoor game against the Detroit Red Wings.
"I'm definitely hoping to play that one, no doubt," he said. "But just day by day right now, and this was a big step today, getting back to practice." -- Craig Merz

Ottawa Senators
Linus Ullmark is nearing a return from a tweaked back but missed his 15th consecutive game Saturday, a 2-1 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs.
The goalie, who was a full participant during the morning skate Saturday, has not played since leaving after the first period of a 3-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Dec. 22. Coach Travis Green said Ullmark's status has been upgraded to day to day, but did not play Sunday, a 3-1 victory against the Utah Hockey Club.
"The fact that he's on the ice with us in a team setting, he's a lot closer than he was three days ago," Green said. "I expect him to play sooner than later."
Defenseman Travis Hamonic returned from a lower-body injury Saturday after missing 10 games. He played 22:08 and was paired with Thomas Chabot.
"I'm excited," Hamonic said. "I obviously want to play, and I've been watching games. We did some good work here with the medical staff. I think we've got one of the better medical staffs in the league; they help us get back up to speed. I'm ready, I'm excited and I just want to try and come in and help."
Defenseman Jake Sanderson also returned Saturday from a lower-body injury that kept him out of a 2-0 loss to the Bruins on Thursday. He had an assist in 23:38. Defenseman Nick Jensen did not play against Toronto or Sunday due to an undisclosed injury. He could return next week, Green said.
"He's been playing banged up a little bit, so hopefully the weekend will reset him," Green said of Jensen. -- Callum Fraser
January-27-2025:


Pittsburgh Penguins
Evgeni Malkin is week to week with a lower-body injury and was placed on injured reserve by the Penguins on Monday.
The center sustained the injury during a 4-1 loss at the Seattle Kraken on Saturday. Malkin has 34 points (nine goals, 25 assists) in 47 games this season.
"He's an important player for us,” coach Mike Sullivan said prior to Pittsburgh’s 2-1 loss at the San Jose Sharks on Monday. “He's a top-two center, he's dynamic with the puck. He's not an easy guy to replace."
The Penguins recalled forwards Bokondji Imama and Jesse Puljujarvi from Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League. Owen Pickering, a defenseman, was sent to the AHL. -- Max Miller

New York Islanders
Ryan Pulock and Marcus Hogberg are out indefinitely with upper-body injuries sustained during a 3-2 overtime win against the Carolina Hurricanes on Saturday.
Pulock, a defenseman, left 15 seconds into his first shift after he got tangled up with Hurricanes forward Jackson Blake behind the Islanders net. He has 16 points (three goals, 13 assists) and is plus-7 in 48 games while averaging 21:55 of ice time.
Hogberg was replaced in goal by Ilya Sorokin for overtime after he made 24 saves. It appeared he injured his right hand following a save on a slap shot from Shayne Gostisbehere before the two collided just outside of the crease. Hogberg is 2-2-0 with a 1.45 goals-against average and .947 save percentage in seven games (five starts).
“You don't like losing players -- there's no doubt about it, especially the way they both were playing,” coach Patrick Roy said Monday. “They were playing really well for us. So, I mean, they’re bad losses and important ones, but at the same time, it gives opportunities to other guys to take advantage of it.”
With Semyon Varlamov (lower body) still on long-term injured reserve, goalie Jakub Skarek was recalled from Bridgeport of the American Hockey League on Monday. Skarek is 5-11-1 with a 3.22 GAA and .895 save percentage in 20 AHL games.
Noah Dobson, who sustained a lower-body injury in a 3-1 win against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Jan. 20, is week to week and also on LTIR. Dobson leads Islanders defensemen in goals (six), assists (18), points (24) and average time on ice (24:01). Defenseman Tony DeAngelo was signed for the remainder of the season and made his Islanders debut Saturday.
The Islanders also acquired defenseman Scott Perunovich from the St. Louis Blues after practice Monday for a fifth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
“It's honestly laughable at this point,” forward Mathew Barzal said. “It's just, like, when's it going to stop? But at the end of the day, we've banded together throughout every injury this season. [Pulock and Hogberg] are two real key guys for us. We’ll just have to find a way.”
New York hosts the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday (7:30 p.m. ET; HULU, ESPN+). -- Stefen Rosner

New Jersey Devils
Nico Hischier is being evaluated for an undisclosed injury and did not play in a 4-2 loss to the Philadelphia Flyers on Monday.
The center and Devils captain left a 4-3 overtime win against the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday after playing the first shift of the third period. Hischier was cross-checked by Canadiens center Nick Suzuki late in the second period.
"He's doing OK," coach Sheldon Keefe said. "He's gone back to Jersey to get evaluated, and we'll have more information once we get that figured out."
Hischier leads the Devils with 24 goals in 51 games and is second among forwards with an average ice time of 20:21.
Dawson Mercer moved into Hischier's spot as second-line center between Timo Meier and Stefan Noesen.
"Nico means a great deal to our team," Keefe said. "He just takes on so much. He might have the hardest job in hockey right now, in terms of level of competition he plays against, the face-offs he has to take in both dots and all three zones. Power play, face-offs, penalty kill. He means a great deal to our team, so if you take him out, then there's opportunities there for others to step up.
“I think for someone like Mercer, you're wanting those opportunities, you're wanting to be leaned on, you're wanting to be counted on. And to me, he was outstanding in the third period the other night in Montreal when we asked him to step into that role, and that's what you need.” -- Adam Kimelman

Columbus Blue Jackets
Sean Monahan is expected to be sidelined an additional 6-8 weeks to recover from a wrist injury sustained against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Jan. 7.
The center was placed on injured reserve by the Blue Jackets on Jan. 9.
"Do we want 'Monnie' in our lineup? Absolutely," coach Dean Evason said. "But he'll get fixed up and people will continually step up in his absence. We look forward to him coming back."
Monahan, 30, is in his first season with Columbus after signing a five-year, $27.5 million contract ($5.5 million average annual value) on July 1, 2024. He has 41 points (14 goals, 27 assists) in 41 games.
Boone Jenner practiced Saturday for the first time since having shoulder surgery Oct. 9. The Blue Jackets captain had been skating on his own for several weeks.
"Definitely a good step in the process," Jenner said. "Feels like it's been a long, long time and it has. Obviously, it's a morning skate, so a couple practices next week will, I think, be a bit more helpful with getting some 5-on-5s, stuff like that."
Jenner, a center, was injured during a preseason practice Oct. 4. He had 35 points (22 goals, 13 assists) in 58 games last season. His goal from the onset of his recovery was to return by the 2025 Navy Federal Credit Union NHL Stadium Series at Ohio Stadium on March 1, when the Blue Jackets play their first outdoor game against the Red Wings.
"I'm definitely hoping to play that one, no doubt," he said. "But just day by day right now, and this was a big step today, getting back to practice." -- Craig Merz

Ottawa Senators
Linus Ullmark was a full participant during the morning skate Saturday and is nearing a return from a tweaked back.
The goalie has missed the past 15 games, including a 3-1 win against the Utah Hockey Club on Sunday, since leaving after the first period of a 3-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Dec. 22.
Senators coach Travis Green said Ullmark's status has been upgraded to day to day.
"The fact that he's on the ice with us in a team setting, he's a lot closer than he was three days ago," Green said Saturday. "I expect him to play sooner than later."
Defenseman Nick Jensen missed his second straight game Sunday with an undisclosed injury. He could return this week.
Ottawa (26-20-4) hosts the Washington Capitals on Thursday.
"He's been playing banged up a little bit, so hopefully the weekend will reset him," Green said. -- Callum Fraser
January-28-2025:

Toronto Maple Leafs
Anthony Stolarz participated in his first full practice for the Maple Leafs on Tuesday since having a knee procedure Dec. 18.
The goalie has missed the past 21 games after sustaining the injury in a 3-2 win against the Anaheim Ducks on Dec. 12.
"It's probably just about getting my conditioning back where it is. I feel really good," Stolarz said. "The training staff has done a great job of taking care of me and the strength and conditions coaches have done a great job of creating a plan to be able to strength it and get everything back up. You lose some muscle so you have to get some of that back, but there's no cardio like playing hockey in a full 60-minute game, especially as a goalie.
"But I feel good. It's just about getting that cardio back."
Stolarz said he has no target date for a return. Toronto coach Craig Berube said he's not putting any pressure on Stolarz to return. However, Berube said it's possible Stolarz could play prior to the 4 Nations Face-Off (Feb. 12-20).
Stolarz, who is in his first season with the Maple Leafs, is 9-5-2 and was leading the NHL in save percentage (.927) and was second in goals-against average (2.15) at the time of the injury.
Forward Max Pacioretty will return against the Minnesota Wild on Wednesday.
Pacioretty has missed the previous three games after taking a puck to the head in a 7-3 win against the Montreal Canadiens on Jan. 18. He practiced at left wing Tuesday on a line with center Fraser Minten and right wing Nicholas Robertson.
"It's one of those things where you need to make sure you feel really, really good when you come in because there is no point at this time of the year with where the team is at, where I'm at, to come in and not feel great," Pacioretty said. "Got my first practice out of the way and I feel up to speed. It was a tough one but a good one, in the sense that I feel ready for a game."
Center John Tavares (lower body, five games missed) and left wing Matthew Knies (upper body, one game missed) each skated prior to practice. They will not play Wednesday but will travel on Toronto's upcoming four-game road trip.
"I think (Knies) is close. It's improving every day. He was out there today doing more and more," Berube said. -- Dave McCarthy

St. Louis Blues
Brandon Saad was placed on waivers Tuesday.
The forward, who signed a five-year, $22.5 million contract ($4.5 million average annual value) July 29, 2021, has 16 points (seven goals, nine assists) in 43 games this season, and has bounced in and out of the lineup.
"Obviously the production's not there," Blues general manager Doug Armstrong said Wednesday. "… There's been a group that's been here for a while that things don't seem to be changing. Collectively, you have to start chipping further and further up."
Saad, who has two seasons remaining on his contract, will report to Springfield of the American Hockey League if unclaimed by 2 p.m. ET on Wednesday.
"'Saader' has been a very productive Blue for a long time," coach Jim Montgomery said. "Today's not an easy day on him and his family. I have a lot of empathy for him because it's not easy. It's a result-oriented league. He hasn't been producing at the levels that he has been in the past, but that doesn't take away what he's done for us as a Blue.
"I think if you look at a lot of players on our team individually, it's been similar to our team, the inconsistency of our team has been inconsistent because a lot of individuals have been inconsistent. Not only with production but with their impact from game to game."
Saad has scored at least 20 goals seven times in his career but has scored in just three games this season, two two-goal games, and most recently, a hat trick against the Ottawa Senators on Jan. 3.
The Blues (23-24-4) have lost three straight and trail the Calgary Flames by five points for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Western Conference.
"At the end of the day, we all need to play better, every individual, every guy," captain Brayden Schenn said. "Obviously, it's been up and down for Saader. He's a heck of a player that can still score goals, that can still play in this league. Obviously, hopefully he finds a fit somewhere else. He's a good teammate. As players, you put it on yourself because you don't want to see guys in these positions continuously get traded or waived, or whatever it may be. That's obviously a problem that we have to fix internally to help each other out more."
Armstrong indicated he's tried to accommodate Saad in trading the 32-year-old but has been unsuccessful.
Saad has a full no-trade clause this year and a 12-team modified no-trade clause for 2025-26.
"Right now, the cap is tight," Armstrong said. "Statistically, he's not having a great year and he's got another year left. If we could find a match, we would try. We don't make these decisions, wake up one day and not try and cultivate the best … I'd like to put the players in the best situations and also get the best return for the Blues … We don't try and not get the best assets that we can. The market speaks and then you just react."
In four seasons with St. Louis, Saad has 144 points (76 goals, 68 assists) in 274 games. -- Lou Korac

Pittsburgh Penguins
Evgeni Malkin is week to week with a lower-body injury and was placed on injured reserve by the Penguins on Monday.
The center sustained the injury during a 4-1 loss at the Seattle Kraken on Saturday. Malkin has 34 points (nine goals, 25 assists) in 47 games this season.
"He's an important player for us," coach Mike Sullivan said prior to Pittsburgh's 2-1 loss at the San Jose Sharks on Monday. "He's a top-two center, he's dynamic with the puck. He's not an easy guy to replace."
The Penguins recalled forwards Bokondji Imama and Jesse Puljujarvi from Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League. Owen Pickering, a defenseman, was sent to the AHL. -- Max Miller

New York Islanders
Ryan Pulock and Marcus Hogberg are out indefinitely with upper-body injuries sustained during a 3-2 overtime win against the Carolina Hurricanes on Saturday.
Pulock, a defenseman, left 15 seconds into his first shift after he got tangled up with Hurricanes forward Jackson Blake behind the Islanders net. He has 16 points (three goals, 13 assists) and is plus-7 in 48 games while averaging 21:55 of ice time.
Hogberg was replaced in goal by Ilya Sorokin for overtime after he made 24 saves. It appeared he injured his right hand following a save on a slap shot from Shayne Gostisbehere before the two collided just outside of the crease. Hogberg is 2-2-0 with a 1.45 goals-against average and .947 save percentage in seven games (five starts).
"You don't like losing players -- there's no doubt about it, especially the way they both were playing," coach Patrick Roy said Monday. "They were playing really well for us. So, I mean, they’re bad losses and important ones, but at the same time, it gives opportunities to other guys to take advantage of it."
With Semyon Varlamov (lower body) still on long-term injured reserve, goalie Jakub Skarek was recalled from Bridgeport of the AHL on Monday. Skarek is 5-11-1 with a 3.22 GAA and .895 save percentage in 20 AHL games.
Noah Dobson, who sustained a lower-body injury in a 3-1 win against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Jan. 20, is week to week and also on LTIR. Dobson leads Islanders defensemen in goals (six), assists (18), points (24) and average time on ice (24:01). Defenseman Tony DeAngelo was signed for the remainder of the season and made his Islanders debut Saturday.
The Islanders also acquired defenseman Scott Perunovich from the St. Louis Blues after practice Monday for a fifth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
"It's honestly laughable at this point," forward Mathew Barzal said. "It's just, like, when's it going to stop? But at the end of the day, we've banded together throughout every injury this season. [Pulock and Hogberg] are two real key guys for us. We'll just have to find a way." -- Stefen Rosner

New Jersey Devils
Nico Hischier is being evaluated for an undisclosed injury and did not play in a 4-2 loss to the Philadelphia Flyers on Monday.
The center and Devils captain left a 4-3 overtime win against the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday after playing the first shift of the third period. Hischier was cross-checked by Canadiens center Nick Suzuki late in the second period.
"He's doing OK," coach Sheldon Keefe said. "He's gone back to Jersey to get evaluated, and we'll have more information once we get that figured out."
Hischier leads New Jersey with 24 goals in 51 games and is second among forwards with an average ice time of 20:21.
Dawson Mercer moved into Hischier's spot as second-line center between Timo Meier and Stefan Noesen.
"Nico means a great deal to our team," Keefe said. "He just takes on so much. He might have the hardest job in hockey right now, in terms of level of competition he plays against, the face-offs he has to take in both dots and all three zones. Power play, face-offs, penalty kill. He means a great deal to our team, so if you take him out, then there's opportunities there for others to step up.
"I think for someone like Mercer, you're wanting those opportunities, you're wanting to be leaned on, you're wanting to be counted on. And to me, he was outstanding in the third period the other night in Montreal when we asked him to step into that role, and that's what you need."
The Devils host the Flyers on Wednesday (7 p.m. ET; MAX, truTV, TNT). -- Adam Kimelman
January-29-2025:


New Jersey Devils
Nico Hischier is week to week for the Devils because of an upper-body injury.
"It's something I think they'll evaluate again next week and then take it from there," coach Sheldon Keefe said Wednesday. "But he won't be available this week for sure."
Hischier, a center and New Jersey's captain, took a cross-check up high late in the second period of a 4-3 overtime win at the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday and did not play the remaining 2:10 of the period. He returned to the bench to begin the third period and was on the ice for a 36-second shift before returning to the locker room.
He missed his second straight game when the Devils defeated the Philadelphia Flyers 5-0 on Wednesday.
"Nico is a guy we lean on for so much, whether it's power play, penalty-kill, 4-on-4, end of the game, start of the game, who to go to for a voice ... it's Nico," forward Nathan Bastian said. "When he's gone you need a collection of guys to step up, probably everyone, so hopefully we can come together and show that we can miss our top guys and still be the team we are."
Hischier leads New Jersey with 24 goals in 51 games and is second among forwards with an average ice time of 20:21.
The Devils are already without goalie Jacob Markstrom, who was injured in a 5-1 win against the Boston Bruins on Jan. 22; he will be out 4-6 weeks because of a sprained MCL in his knee. -- Mike G. Morreale

Montreal Canadiens
Kaiden Guhle sustained a lacerated quadricep muscle and will be out indefinitely after surgery.
The defenseman, who was released from the hospital, left a 4-1 loss to the Winnipeg Jets on Tuesday in the third period and had to be helped to the locker room after an awkward fall into the boards.
"Where are we going to feel 'Guhls?' I think all over," Canadiens coach Martin St. Louis said after practice Wednesday. "He plays a lot of minutes 5-on-5, he kills penalties. I don't think it's one specific (area) but his presence is going to be felt, that he's not here, but it's not one guy that's going to replace him."
Guhle has 14 points (four goals, 10 assists) in 44 games. His 100 blocked shots are second on Montreal behind David Savard (109).
Jayden Struble practiced Wednesday after the defenseman was recalled from Laval of the American Hockey League. Struble has five points (two goals, three assists) in 26 games with Montreal this season.
The Canadiens next play Thursday against the Minnesota Wild (7 p.m. ET; RDS, TSN2, FDSNNO, FDSNWI). -- Sean Farrell

Toronto Maple Leafs
Max Pacioretty returned in a 3-1 loss against the Minnesota Wild on Wednesday and had five shots in 14:17 of ice time.
The forward had missed the previous three games after taking a puck to the head in the Maple Leafs' 7-3 win against the Canadiens on Jan. 18. Pacioretty practiced at left wing Tuesday on a line with center Fraser Minten and right wing Nicholas Robertson.
"It's one of those things where you need to make sure you feel really, really good when you come in because there is no point at this time of the year with where the team is at, where I'm at, to come in and not feel great," Pacioretty said Tuesday. "Got my first practice out of the way and I feel up to speed. It was a tough one but a good one, in the sense that I feel ready for a game."
Center John Tavares (lower body, five games missed) and left wing Matthew Knies (upper body, one game missed) each skated prior to practice. They did not play Wednesday but will travel on Toronto's upcoming four-game road trip.
"I think (Knies) is close. It's improving every day. He was out there today doing more and more," coach Craig Berube said.
Anthony Stolarz participated in his first full practice for the Maple Leafs on Tuesday since having a knee procedure Dec. 18.
The goalie has missed the past 21 games after sustaining the injury in a 3-2 win against the Anaheim Ducks on Dec. 12.
Stolarz said he has no target date for a return. Berube said he's not putting any pressure on Stolarz to return. However, Berube said it's possible Stolarz could play prior to the 4 Nations Face-Off (Feb. 12-20).
Stolarz, who is in his first season with the Maple Leafs, is 9-5-2 and was leading the NHL in save percentage (.927) and was second in goals-against average (2.15) at the time of the injury. -- Dave McCarthy

Calgary Flames
Kevin Bahl is week to week because of an upper-body injury.
The Flames defenseman sustained the injury on a hit by Jakub Lauko in the second period of a 5-4 win at Minnesota on Saturday. Lauko was assessed a boarding minor on the play.
"He's been a big, big piece for the back end this year," Calgary defenseman MacKenzie Weegar said of Bahl. "He's one of those guys that's shown he's almost irreplaceable for us. He's a big body (6-foot-6, 230 pounds) with a big reach who's playing shutdown minutes against top lines in the league."
Bahl, who will miss his third straight game Thursday against the Anaheim Ducks (9 p.m. ET; SNW, KCOP-13, Victory+), has 14 points (two goals, 12 assists) in 47 games this season, and is third on the Flames in ice time per game (21:18).
"He's very good at kind of being in the way," coach Ryan Huska said. "His stick is very good. He disrupts a lot. Sometimes you think he's beat but here comes that big, long stick. He's been a very good defender for us and there's no doubt we'll miss him when he's out, but opportunity again... other guys have to raise their level collectively to try to make up for his absence.” -- Aaron Vickers

Boston Bruins
Charlie McAvoy could return for the Bruins against the Winnipeg Jets on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; NESN, TSN3).
The defenseman has missed the past seven games with an upper-body injury.
"Yeah, we're hoping," McAvoy said. "Another good day today and then tomorrow pregame skate in the morning, and then go from there."
McAvoy has 20 points (five goals, 15 assists) in 45 games this season while averaging 23:41of ice time. He has been skating every day since his injury, so he said he did not anticipate a lack of conditioning or issue with his timing.
The news is less clear for defenseman Hampus Lindholm, who has been out with a lower-body injury since taking a puck off the knee in a game against the St. Louis Blues on Nov. 12.
Lindholm said it's unlikely he'd return Thursday.
"I don't think tomorrow," he said. "I'll take it day by day here. It’s been a long time since I played, so you just want to make sure when I get out there I can really make a different for the team. ... I want to be smart. Obviously we have the (4 Nations Face-Off) break coming up here, so it’s like a few games? I’ll take it day by day how it feels. I focus more on being really smart. I want to play a long time. Coming back two games too early or two games too late, feeling better, it’s probably smarter sometimes being a little cautious."
The Bruins were also without defenseman Brandon Carlo on Tuesday in a 7-2 loss to the Buffalo Sabres. He has not been ruled out for Thursday. -- Amalie Benjamin

Ottawa Senators
Linus Ullmark could make his return from a tweaked back this week, coach Travis Green said Wednesday.
Ullmark, a goaltender who was a full participant in practice Wednesday, has not played since leaving after the first period of a 3-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Dec. 22. He could dress in the final two games of the Senators home stand, either against the Washington Capitals on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; RDS2, TSN5, MNMT2) or against the Wild on Saturday.
Green would not say whether Ullmark was ready to at least back up Thursday.
"Linus had another day on the ice. He's coming along nicely," Green said after practice.
Defenseman Nick Jensen, who has missed two games with an undisclosed injury, is questionable for Thursday. He skated Wednesday, but not with the team. Defenseman Jacob Bernard-Docker, who hasn’t played since Dec. 28 because of a high ankle sprain, is "probably another week and a half, two weeks from skating," Green said.
Forward Nick Cousins, who left a 2-1 win against the Maple Leafs on Saturday after a knee-on-knee collision with Jacob Quillan, will be out 6-8 weeks. -- Callum Fraser

Utah Hockey Club
Dylan Guenther and defenseman Sean Durzi were each on the ice in noncontact jerseys Wednesday.
Guenther, a forward, has missed nine games with an undisclosed injury. He is second on the team in goals (18) and fourth in points (34). Coach Andre Tourigny said he is "still day to day."
Durzi, a defenseman, has been limited to five games this season because of shoulder surgery. Tourigny said he will practice, "until the 4 Nations and we'll reevaluate then."-- Matt Komma
January-30-2025:

Edmonton Oilers
John Klingberg made his debut with the Oilers when they played the Detroit Red Wings on Thursday.
The 32-year-old had five assists in 14 games last season with the Toronto Maple Leafs before his season ended because of hip surgery.
"I had two hip surgeries before I got to the League," said Klingberg, who had operations at ages 18 and 21. "Now it's just a matter of proving it's ready to go.
"I'm excited to play. What's it been, 440 days?"
Klingberg, who last played Nov. 11, 2023, had been testing things out while skating with Brampton of the Ontario Hockey League prior to signing with the Oilers on Jan. 17.
He has 412 points (81 goals, 331 assists) in 633 regular-season games during his 10 NHL seasons.
"Obviously, the workload with him coming in is not going to be a 25-minute night for him," Oilers coach Kris Knoblauch said. "He'll probably see numerous partners throughout the night." -- Gerry Moddejonge
Boston Bruins
Charlie McAvoy returned for the Bruins against the Winnipeg Jets on Thursday.
The defenseman had missed the past seven games with an upper-body injury.
"Having Charlie out for the length that he was out, it's great to have him back," Bruins interim coach Joe Sacco said. "He seems to be in a really good spirit right now. He's had some good practices under his belt. He looked good in the morning skate today, so we're excited to get him back in our lineup and obviously help stabilize the back end for us."
McAvoy has 20 points (five goals, 15 assists) in 45 games this season while averaging 23:41 of ice time.
Defenseman Hampus Lindholm, who has been out with a lower-body injury since taking a puck off the knee in a game against the St. Louis Blues on Nov. 12, is nearing a return but did not play Thursday.
"It's been a long time since I played, so you just want to make sure when I get out there I can really make a difference for the team," Lindholm said. " ... I want to be smart. Obviously we have the (4 Nations Face-Off) break coming up here, so it's like a few games? I'll take it day by day how it feels. I focus more on being really smart. I want to play a long time. Coming back two games too early or two games too late, feeling better, it's probably smarter sometimes being a little cautious." -- Amalie Benjamin

New Jersey Devils
Nico Hischier is week to week for the Devils because of an upper-body injury.
"It's something I think they'll evaluate again next week and then take it from there," coach Sheldon Keefe said Wednesday. "But he won't be available this week for sure."
Hischier, a center and New Jersey's captain, took a cross-check up high late in the second period of a 4-3 overtime win at the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday and did not play the remaining 2:10 of the period. He returned to the bench to begin the third period and was on the ice for a 36-second shift before returning to the locker room.
He missed his second straight game when the Devils defeated the Philadelphia Flyers 5-0 on Wednesday.
"Nico is a guy we lean on for so much, whether it's power play, penalty-kill, 4-on-4, end of the game, start of the game, who to go to for a voice ... it's Nico," forward Nathan Bastian said. "When he's gone you need a collection of guys to step up, probably everyone, so hopefully we can come together and show that we can miss our top guys and still be the team we are."
Hischier leads New Jersey with 24 goals in 51 games and is second among forwards with an average ice time of 20:21.
The Devils are already without goalie Jacob Markstrom, who was injured in a 5-1 win against the Boston Bruins on Jan. 22. He will be out 4-6 weeks because of a sprained MCL in his knee. -- Mike G. Morreale
Montreal Canadiens
Kaiden Guhle sustained a lacerated quadriceps muscle and will be out indefinitely after surgery.
The defenseman, who was released from the hospital, left a 4-1 loss to the Winnipeg Jets on Tuesday in the third period and had to be helped to the locker room after an awkward fall into the boards.
"Where are we going to feel 'Guhls?' I think all over," Canadiens coach Martin St. Louis said after practice Wednesday. "He plays a lot of minutes 5-on-5, he kills penalties. I don't think it's one specific [area] but his presence is going to be felt, that he's not here, but it's not one guy that's going to replace him."
Guhle has 14 points (four goals, 10 assists) in 44 games this season. His 100 blocked shots are second on Montreal behind David Savard (109). -- Sean Farrell
Calgary Flames
Kevin Bahl is week to week because of an upper-body injury.
The Flames defenseman sustained the injury on a hit by Jakub Lauko in the second period of a 5-4 win at Minnesota on Saturday. Lauko was assessed a boarding minor on the play.
"He's been a big, big piece for the back end this year," Calgary defenseman MacKenzie Weegar said of Bahl. "He's one of those guys that's shown he's almost irreplaceable for us. He's a big body (6-foot-6, 230 pounds) with a big reach who's playing shutdown minutes against top lines in the league."
Bahl, who missed his third straight game Thursday against the Anaheim Ducks, has 14 points (two goals, 12 assists) in 47 games this season and is third on the Flames in ice time per game (21:18).
"He's very good at kind of being in the way," coach Ryan Huska said. "His stick is very good. He disrupts a lot. Sometimes you think he's beat but here comes that big, long stick. He's been a very good defender for us and there's no doubt we'll miss him when he's out, but opportunity again ... other guys have to raise their level collectively to try to make up for his absence." -- Aaron Vickers
Ottawa Senators
Linus Ullmark could make his return from a tweaked back this week, coach Travis Green said Wednesday.
Ullmark, a goaltender who was a full participant in practice Wednesday, has not played since leaving after the first period of a 3-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Dec. 22. He did not dress against the Washington Capitals on Thursday but could against the Minnesota Wild on Saturday.
Defenseman Nick Jensen missed his third straight game on Wednesday with an undisclosed injury. Defenseman Jacob Bernard-Docker, who hasn't played since Dec. 28 because of a high ankle sprain, is "probably another week and a half, two weeks from skating," Green said.
Forward Nick Cousins, who left a 2-1 win against the Maple Leafs on Saturday after a knee-on-knee collision with Toronto forward Jacob Quillan, will be out 6-8 weeks. -- Callum Fraser
January-31-2025:


Utah Hockey Club
Logan Cooley is out indefinitely because of a lower-body injury and will be reevaluated after the 4 Nations Face-Off, which will be held Feb. 12-20.
The forward had an assist in 19:50 of ice time during a 3-2 overtime loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins on Wednesday. Cooley is second on the team with 43 points (15 goals, 28 assists) in 50 games this season, including eight points (four goals, four assists) in his past nine games.
"He finished the game, he was a warrior," Utah coach Andre Tourigny said Friday. "He battled through pain but now he will be out indefinitely."
Utah also is without forward Dylan Guenther, who was placed on injured reserve on Jan. 8 because of a lower-body injury. He is day to day. -- Matt Komma

New York Islanders
Adam Boqvist was claimed off waivers from the Florida Panthers on Friday.
The 24-year-old defenseman had six points (two goals, four assists) in 18 games for the Panthers this season. In 227 NHL games with the Chicago Blackhawks, Columbus Blue Jackets and Panthers, he has 91 points (25 goals, 66 assists).
Boqvist has not played since Jan. 6.
"I have respect for him," Panthers coach Paul Maurice said Thursday. "He's come in and worked really, really hard. We got healthy twice. … He needs to play games, and he wants to play games. If he gets picked up on waivers, he will play in the National Hockey League. We just feel, by how hard he's worked here and how good a pro he is, we don't want to take that from an NHL guy."
Boqvist is the latest defenseman to join the Islanders recently following injuries to Noah Dobson and Ryan Pulock. They signed Tony DeAngelo for the remainder of the season Jan. 24 and acquired Scott Perunovich in a trade with the St. Louis Blues for a conditional fifth round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft on Jan. 27.
Pulock went on injured reserve Jan. 25 after he left a 3-2 win against the Carolina Hurricanes in the first period because of an upper-body injury. Dobson is out week to week because of a lower-body injury sustained during a 3-1 win against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Jan. 20.
New York returned defenseman Isaiah George to Bridgeport of the American Hockey League on Friday.
The Islanders (23-20-7) have won six in a row heading into their game at the Tampa Bay Lightning on Saturday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNSUN, MSGSN).

Seattle Kraken
Yanni Gourde is expected to be out 5-7 weeks after undergoing sports hernia surgery on Friday, general manager Ron Francis said.
Gourde has not played since Jan. 2, when he had 16:24 of ice time in a 4-3 shootout loss to the Vancouver Canucks. He has 16 points (six goals, 10 assists) in 35 games this season.
Seattle (23-27-3) next hosts the Calgary Flames on Sunday (9 p.m. ET; KHN, KING 5, KONG, SNW, SNO, SNE, SN1).

Buffalo Sabres
Jordan Greenway took part in an optional morning skate Friday, his first with the Sabres since having surgery for a mid-body injury in December.
The forward, who has missed 19 games, hasn’t played since Dec. 15. Although there is no set return date, Greenway isn't expected to return prior to the break for the 4 Nations Face-Off, which will be held Feb. 12-20.
"It'll just be based on how he's making out, how he's feeling," coach Lindy Ruff said. "This is the first step. More of a non-contact and morning day skate, and just gradually escalate the physicality in practice and one-on-one stuff and see where he’s at. No set date. Just how he progresses will get us to where we need to go."
Greenway missed 10 games from Nov. 15 to Dec. 8 with the injury before returning Dec. 9. He played four games before exiting Buffalo's morning skate early on Dec. 17.
"Other things started to be impacted (by the injury)," Greenway said. "It was almost just going to be maybe sort of a domino effect. I just figured it was probably best to just get rid of all possibilities."
Greenway has seven points (three goals, four assists) in 20 games. -- Heather Engel

Chicago Blackhawks
Connor Murphy will return to the lineup against the Florida Panthers on Saturday (1 p.m. ET; ABC, ESPN+, SN, TVAS).
The defenseman has missed 13 games because of a groin injury sustained during the NHL Winter Classic against the St. Louis Blues on Dec. 31.
Murphy was paired with defenseman TJ Brodie at practice Friday, and Blackhawks interim coach Anders Sorensen said they would play together against the Panthers on Saturday.
Murphy has 13 points (one goal, 12 assists) and is averaging 20:33 of ice time in 38 games this season.
"We're not going to play him 30 minutes, but we will play him and see how he responds the next day," Sorensen said. "We will have a little bit of practice time before our next game, so hopefully we can ease into it a bit here."
With Murphy returning to the lineup, Sorensen said defenseman Nolan Allan will be scratched. -- George Richards

Ottawa Senators
Linus Ullmark could make his return from a tweaked back this weekend, coach Travis Green said Wednesday.
Ullmark, a goaltender who was a full participant in practice Wednesday, has not played since leaving after the first period of a 3-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Dec. 22. He did not dress against the Washington Capitals on Thursday but could against the Minnesota Wild on Saturday (7 p.m. ET; TVAS, SN1, FDSNNO, FDSNWI).
Ullmark is 12-7-2 with a 2.38 goals-against average, .915 save percentage and three shutouts in 23 games (22 starts) this season, his first with Ottawa.
Defenseman Nick Jensen missed his third straight game Wednesday because of an undisclosed injury.
Defenseman Jacob Bernard-Docker, who hasn't played since Dec. 28 because of a high ankle sprain, is "probably another week and a half, two weeks from skating," Green said.
Forward Nick Cousins, who left a 2-1 win against the Maple Leafs on Saturday after a knee-on-knee collision with Toronto forward Jacob Quillan, will be out 6-8 weeks. -- Callum Fraser
February-4-2025:


New York Rangers
Adam Edstrom could miss the remainder of the regular season because of a lower-body injury.
The Rangers said the forward’s timeline is 2 1/2 - 3 1/2 months.
Edstrom was injured midway through the second period of a 6-3 win at the Boston Bruins on Saturday. He has nine points (five goals, four assists) in 51 games.
New York’s regular-season finale is April 17 against the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Columbus Blue Jackets
Zach Werenski did not play for the Blue Jackets against the Buffalo Sabres on Tuesday because of an undisclosed injury.
The defenseman, who was not on the ice for the morning skate, left in the second period on Sunday, a 5-3 loss at the Dallas Stars, before returning at the start of the third.
"We'll continue to evaluate, same as we do with everybody that's hurt or injured," coach Dean Evason said. "We'll evaluate it and move forward."
Werenski, who will play for Team United States at the 4 Nations Face-Off, is third among NHL defensemen with 57 points (17 goals, 40 assists) in 53 games this season and leads the League in average ice time per game (26:48). His 17 goals are second among defensemen, two behind Cale Makar of the Colorado Avalanche.
Columbus was also without Werenski's defense partner, Dante Fabbro, who left the game on Sunday in the first period with an upper-body injury. Fabbro has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 43 games.
Jack Johnson and Jordan Harris played in place of Werenski and Fabbro after being scratched the previous three and four games, respectively.
"We've got guys that weren't in our lineup that are excited to be in our lineup," Evason said. "Nobody wants anyone to get hurt, injured, or whatever, but you have an opportunity to play in a hockey game, and we expect everyone to be ready. We've talked a lot about our depth in the past, and obviously it's going to come in handy here tonight."
Forward Kirill Marchenko is out indefinitely after he had surgery for a broken jaw Monday. He sustained the injury when he was struck by a puck while sitting on the bench late in the second period on Sunday.
Marchenko, who was placed on injured reserve, leads Columbus in goals (21) and plus/minus (plus-31) and has 55 points in 53 games. -- Heather Engel

Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes is day to day with an undisclosed injury and will miss a second straight game against the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday (10 p.m. ET; SNP, ALT).
The Canucks’ top defenseman finished a 5-3 loss at the Dallas Stars on Friday but was a late scratch after taking warmups ahead of a 3-2 overtime loss to the Detroit Red Wings on Sunday. Hughes skated with coaches Tuesday but left the ice before the morning skate started.
“He's not going to play. He wants to gut everything out, but it's the right move,” coach Rick Tocchet said. “You take it day by day with him or with anybody. … I've seen things linger. I've seen some guys after 24 hours things help, so we'll see how it goes.”
Hughes leads NHL defensemen with 59 points (14 goals, 45 assists) in 47 games this season. The 25-year-old also leads the Canucks in average ice time (25:18) and plus/minus (plus-15).
“Anytime you have a guy like a Quinn or that type of player, they play so much, anytime they can get rest, they got to take it, because he plays a lot of minutes,” Tocchet said. “He plays a lot of stress minutes. It's not just the minutes, it's stress. He's always out there in stress situations, so not playing the next couple games, use that as a positive, that he is getting rest. That's the way you got to look at it.”
Tocchet said he has seen “slight” improvement and confirmed that it is a new injury and not a lingering one for Hughes, who missed four games from Dec. 28-Jan. 3 with a hand injury he was still wearing a brace for in Dallas.
Hughes, who won the Norris Trophy as the NHL’s top defenseman last season, is slated to represent the United States at the 4 Nations Face-Off from Feb. 12-20.
“We haven't even talked about 4 Nations,” Tocchet said. “He's not playing [Tuesday] so as the days go on, we'll have to revisit that.” -- Kevin Woodley

Toronto Maple Leafs
Mitch Marner will be a game-time decision for the Maple Leafs against the Calgary Flames on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; SNW, TSN4).
The forward, who scored the eventual-game winning goal in a 4-3 victory at the Edmonton Oilers on Saturday, missed practice Monday because of maintenance and did not participate in the morning skate Tuesday.
"Something happened in the game, I guess," Toronto coach Craig Berube said. "Just not feeling right in a certain area, so we're trying to work on it. Try to get him ready.
"It's like anybody that goes out ... it's hard to fill that void. It's a different opportunity for some guys and people stepping up and doing the job. We've done it all year. If he can't go, we've got to continue to do it."
Marner, who is set to represent Canada at the 4 Nations Face-Off, leads the Maple Leafs with 70 points (16 goals, 54 assists) in 52 games and has not missed a game this season.
"He's been our best player all year," defenseman Chris Tanev said. "He does everything. It's not just going to be one guy that's going to be able to do that. We're going to need a group of guys to step up and pick up the slack because, as I said, I think he's been our best player all year and he plays a 200-foot game."
Defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson will also be a game-time decision because of a lower-body injury sustained against the Oilers.
Anthony Stolarz participated in the morning skate and could return Thursday at the Seattle Kraken. Stolarz, who hasn't played since Dec. 12, has missed 23 games after undergoing knee surgery. He is 9-5-2 with a 2.15 goals-against average and .927 save percentage in 17 games this season.
"He is an option," Berube said. "I think it's more about getting the work in practice a little bit more, just shooting and traffic, the timing side of it. He's not quite there yet." -- Aaron Vickers

Detroit Red Wings
Jeff Petry will be out 6-8 weeks for the Red Wings after having surgery for an undisclosed injury.
The defenseman has missed 15 games since last playing, a 5-4 win against the Blue Jackets on Jan. 2.
"He won't play for a while," coach Todd McLellan said Tuesday. "He had surgery and he'll be out for about 6-8 weeks depending on healing time, so it's unfortunate for him as an individual and certainly for our team. But we're going to work hard with him to get him back."
Petry, who also missed three games earlier this season with an upper-body injury, has six points (one goal, five assists) in 34 games this season.

Minnesota Wild
Jonas Brodin and Marcus Johansson were each activated off injured reserve and played for the Wild against the Bruins on Tuesday.
Brodin, who had missed 12 games with a lower-body injury, played on a defense pair with Jared Spurgeon. Johansson, who had missed eight games with a concussion, played on a line with Marco Rossi and Marcus Foligno.
Brodin has 16 points (four goals, 12 assists) in 31 games this season. Johansson has 16 points (five goals, 11 assists) in 44 games.
Forward Ben Jones was reassigned to Iowa of the American Hockey League.
With the recent transactions, as well as the 10-game suspension to forward Ryan Hartman, the Wild are currently carrying eight defensemen and no extra forwards. -- Joe McDonald

St. Louis Blues
Nick Leddy will play for the Blues against the Edmonton Oilers on Tuesday (8 p.m. ET; HULU, ESPN+, SN1) for the first time since Oct. 15.
The defenseman has missed 49 games with a lower-body injury that initially was listed as day to day, and after several attempts of practicing was shut down after multiple times of reaggravation. Leddy has skated with the team for the past several days.
"On the road trip, Leddy told us that after he practiced on Saturday that he felt Edmonton might be a real good target and he'd be ready," St. Louis coach Jim Montgomery said Tuesday. "Yesterday, he skated again and declared himself that he felt that he was ready.
"We saw him battle in the last couple of practices. We saw him in 1-on-1 battles and he was handling that and his feet allow him to defend at such a high level. Against Edmonton, it's going to be good because they have the top line that everybody knows about but they have the other two lines and they have players like RNH [Ryan Nugent-Hopkins] and players that can make a lot of plays and you need depth on your [defense] core to handle this team tonight."
Leddy, who played the first four games of the season, does not have a point. -- Lou Korac

Buffalo Sabres
Tage Thompson is day to day with an undisclosed injury and did not play against the Blue Jackets on Tuesday.
The forward was not on the ice for the morning skate after he was injured in the third period of a 4-3 win against the New Jersey Devils on a hit from Stefan Noesen.
“I don’t believe (he’ll be out a while), no,” Sabres coach Lindy Ruff said. “Just day to day. Just ruled out for today.”
Thompson leads Buffalo with 48 points (26 goals, 22 assists) in 47 games. He had four goals and eight points in three games last week and was named the NHL’s Second Star of the Week on Monday.
The Sabres recalled forward Isak Rosen from Rochester of the AHL. Rosen leads Rochester with 39 points and is second in the AHL with 23 goals, including 10 in his past 10 games.
Mattias Samuelsson (lower body) also did not play on Tuesday. The defenseman has nine points (three goals, six assists) in 35 games.
Ruff did not provide a timeline for his injury. -- Heather Engel

New York Islanders
Mathew Barzal was placed on injured reserve by the Islanders on Tuesday and is out indefinitely because of a lower-body injury.
The forward did not play Sunday, a 6-3 loss at the Florida Panthers, after he had an assist during a 3-2 overtime win at the Tampa Bay Lightning on Saturday. He took his last shift with 3:06 remaining in the third period.
Barzal missed 21 games because of an upper-body injury sustained Oct. 30 at Columbus. He has 20 points (six goals, 14 assists) in 30 games this season.
New York also announced defenseman Scott Mayfield (lower body) is day to day. Mayfield, who has seven points (two goals, five assists) and is plus-14 in 50 games, also did not play Sunday.

Seattle Kraken
Jordan Eberle practiced with the Kraken at the morning skate Tuesday ahead of their game against the Red Wings (10 p.m. ET; FDSNDET, KHN, KONG).
It was the first time the forward, who was wearing a noncontact jersey, practiced with his teammates since sustaining an injury to his pelvis during a 3-1 win against the Chicago Blackhawks on Nov. 14, when he got tangled with Blackhawks defenseman Connor Murphy and crashed into the end boards.
Eberle, who is Kraken captain, has 11 points (six goals, five assists) in 17 games. The team announced Nov. 22 he had successful surgery and would miss at least three months.
“He’s been around quite a bit,” Seattle coach Dan Bylsma said Tuesday. “He’s now working, getting back on the ice and … the last two days [he’s] been able to get on the ice with the guys in some extent, and that adds a boost.” -- Darren Brown

Ottawa Senators
Josh Norris will be out "a couple weeks" with an undisclosed injury, Senators coach Travis Green said Monday.
The forward sustained the injury during the third period of a 6-0 win against the Minnesota Wild on Saturday. Norris has 31 points (19 goals, 12 assists) in 50 games.
“I think we’ve done a good job of not focusing in on players that aren’t playing,” Green said. “Obviously, Josh is a big part of our team, but we’re focusing in on the guys that are playing. Any time someone goes out, it’s another opportunity for someone else to come in. [Senators forward Cole Reinhardt] will draw in the lineup tonight, and someone else will play center.”
Linus Ullmark served as the backup goalie to Anton Forsberg for Ottawa's 5-2 win against the Nashville Predators on Monday. Ullmark, who had missed the previous 18 games because of a back injury, is 12-7-2 with a 2.38 goals-against average and .915 save percentage in 23 games.
“We’ve done a really good job,” Ullmark said of his recovery. “There’s been good communication throughout this whole process ever since Day 1 on what to really expect. Obviously there’s bumps along the way that you can’t really account for, but at the same time you’ve got to be mindful that it might happen and it might prolong things. It might go quicker than expected, but at the end of the day, it took the time that it took and I’m happy to be on the road and in the mix again.”
Ullmark is expected to play for Team Sweden at the 4 Nations Face-Off from Feb. 12-20. -- Robby Stanley

Utah Hockey Club
Dylan Guenther will return against the Philadelphia Flyers on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; Utah16, NBCSP).
The forward missed the past 12 games with a lower-body injury and was placed on injured reserve Jan. 8.
Guenther is second on Utah in goals (16) and fourth in points (34) in 40 games.
"He's a really good player for us," coach Andre Tourigny said after the morning skate. "He will bring some energy, some shooting, some playmaking, and add to our power plays." -- Matt Komma

Philadelphia Flyers
Rasmus Ristolainen is day to day because of an upper-body injury.
Flyers coach John Tortorella said Monday he isn't sure if Ristolainen would be available against Utah on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; Utah16, NBCSP). The defenseman left a 2-0 loss to the Colorado Avalanche on Sunday with 2:32 remaining in the second period.
"Nicked [up]," Tortorella said. "I'm not sure what it turns into, but as of today when I talked to him ... we'll see what happens tomorrow."
Ristolainen, who will play for Team Finland at the 4 Nations Face-Off from Feb. 12-20, has 15 points (two goals, 13 assists) in 54 games.
Tortorella said there's a chance Andrei Kuzmenko and Jakob Pelletier could be available Tuesday. The forwards were acquired along with two NHL Draft picks in a trade with the Calgary Flames for forwards Morgan Frost and Joel Farabee on Jan. 30.
Forward Nicolas Deslauriers, who last played Nov. 9 and has been recovering from an upper-body injury sustained during practice Dec. 4, was activated from injured reserve and will play Tuesday.
Forwards Owen Tippett (upper body) and Ryan Poehling (upper body) and defenseman Egor Zamula (upper body) are also day to day.
Tippett, who last played Jan. 29, is traveling with the Flyers on their two-game road trip, but Tortorella said Saturday it's unlikely he plays.
Poehling has missed eight games and Zamula five. -- Adam Kimelman

Boston Bruins
Hampus Lindholm is unlikely to return before the 4 Nations Face-Off, according to Bruins coach Joe Sacco.
The defenseman, who has been out since Nov. 12 because of a lower-body injury, continues to skate but most likely will continue his rehab through the break for the best-on-best tournament, which will be held from Feb. 12-20 in Montreal and Boston.
“It’s unlikely that we’re going to see Hampus before the break,” Sacco said Monday. “We’re erring more on the side of caution with him right now, as far as that goes. That’s the plan right now.”
Sacco said Lindholm, who has seven points (three goals, four assists) in 17 games this season, has not experienced a setback in his recovery.
“It’s just that’s where we’re at in his progress,” Sacco said. “Get him ready for after the break, just be a little bit more cautious at that point. … I know that he wants to get back in here. It’s just a matter of time now.” -- Amalie Benjamin
February-5-2025:

Pittsburgh Penguins
Sidney Crosby did not practice Wednesday and is being evaluated for an upper-body injury.
The 37-year-old center left for several minutes after being involved in a collision with New Jersey Devils defenseman Luke Hughes and forward Erik Haula midway through the third period of a 3-2 shootout loss Tuesday, seeming to favor his left arm. He returned several minutes later and took part in the shootout.
"I just got tangled up," Crosby said after the game.
When asked to clarify if it could have been his elbow, Crosby repeated, "I got tangled up."
Set to be Team Canada captain at the 4 Nations Face-Off from Feb. 12-20, Crosby leads the Penguins with 58 points (17 goals, 41 assists) in 55 games. He extended his point streak to five games (seven points; four goals, three assists) with an assist Tuesday, but his goal streak ended at four.
Pittsburgh (22-24-9) visits the New York Rangers on Friday (7 p.m. ET; SN-PIT, NHLN, MSG, SNP, SNO, SNE, TVAS). Crosby's availability for that game is unknown.
The Penguins already are without second-line center Evgeni Malkin, who has missed the past four games because of a lower-body injury. Malkin skated on an individual basis Wednesday.
"We'll cross that bridge when we get to it,” coach Mike Sullivan said of potentially playing without Crosby and Malkin. “Let's not get ahead of ourselves. Obviously, Sid is an important guy for us, he's a tough guy to replace. I'm stating the obvious there.”
Pittsburgh reassigned forward Jesse Puljujarvi to Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League on Wednesday. -- Wes Crosby

Toronto Maple Leafs
Mitch Marner missed his first game of the season, a 6-3 win against the Calgary Flames on Tuesday, because of a lower-body injury
The forward, who scored the eventual-game winning goal in a 4-3 victory at the Edmonton Oilers on Saturday, missed practice Monday because of maintenance and did not participate in the morning skate Tuesday.
"Something happened in the game [Saturday], I guess," Toronto coach Craig Berube said Tuesday. "Just not feeling right in a certain area, so we're trying to work on it. Try to get him ready.
"It's like anybody that goes out ... it's hard to fill that void. It's a different opportunity for some guys and people stepping up and doing the job. We've done it all year. If he can't go, we've got to continue to do it."
Marner, who is set to represent Canada at the 4 Nations Face-Off, leads the Maple Leafs with 70 points (16 goals, 54 assists) in 52 games and has not missed a game this season.
Anthony Stolarz could return Thursday at the Seattle Kraken. The goalie hasn't played since Dec. 12 and has missed 23 games after having knee surgery. He is 9-5-2 with a 2.15 goals-against average and .927 save percentage in 17 games this season. -- Aaron Vickers

Columbus Blue Jackets
Zach Werenski did not play for the Blue Jackets in a 3-2 loss to the Buffalo Sabres on Tuesday because of an undisclosed injury and his status is uncertain for Columbus' next game against the Utah Hockey Club on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNOH, Utah16).
The defenseman, who was not on the ice for the morning skate, left during the second period of a 5-3 loss at the Dallas Stars on Sunday before returning at the start of the third.
"We'll continue to evaluate, same as we do with everybody that's hurt or injured," coach Dean Evason said. "We'll evaluate it and move forward."
Werenski, who will play for Team USA at the 4 Nations Face-Off, is third among NHL defensemen with 57 points (17 goals, 40 assists) in 53 games this season and leads the League in average ice time per game (26:48). His 17 goals are second among defensemen, two behind Cale Makar of the Colorado Avalanche.
Columbus also was without Werenski's defense partner, Dante Fabbro, who left the game Sunday in the first period because of an upper-body injury. Fabbro has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 43 games. -- Heather Engel

Seattle Kraken
Jordan Eberle practiced with the Kraken at the morning skate Tuesday but did not play in a 5-4 shootout loss to the Detroit Red Wings.
It was the first time the forward, who was wearing a noncontact jersey, practiced with his teammates since sustaining an injury to his pelvis during a 3-1 win against the Chicago Blackhawks on Nov. 14, when he got tangled with Blackhawks defenseman Connor Murphy and crashed into the end boards.
Eberle, who is Kraken captain, has 11 points (six goals, five assists) in 17 games. The team announced Nov. 22 he had surgery and would miss at least three months.
"He's been around quite a bit," Seattle coach Dan Bylsma said Tuesday. "He's now working, getting back on the ice and … the last two days [he's] been able to get on the ice with the guys in some extent, and that adds a boost." -- Darren Brown

New York Islanders
Mathew Barzal was placed on injured reserve by the Islanders on Tuesday and is out indefinitely because of a lower-body injury.
The forward has missed two games, including a 6-3 loss at the Florida Panthers, after he had an assist during a 3-2 overtime win at the Tampa Bay Lightning on Saturday. He took his last shift with 3:06 remaining in the third period.
Barzal missed 21 games because of an upper-body injury sustained Oct. 30 at Columbus. He has 20 points (six goals, 14 assists) in 30 games this season.
New York also announced defenseman Scott Mayfield (lower body) is day to day. Mayfield, who has seven points (two goals, five assists) and is plus-14 in 50 games, also did not play Sunday.

Buffalo Sabres
Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen could return to the lineup against the Nashville Predators on Saturday (8 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, MSG-B).
The goalie, who is slated to play for Team Finland at the 4 Nations Face-Off from Feb. 12-20, did not make his scheduled start against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Tuesday because of a lower-body injury sustained at the morning skate.
He was not on the ice for practice Wednesday. The Sabres have a day off Thursday and will practice again Friday.
"'UPL' will skate our next practice, anticipating him to be ready," coach Lindy Ruff said.
Luukkonen is 18-15-4 with a 2.97 goals-against average and .897 save percentage in 38 games this season.
Tage Thompson also could return against Nashville after missing the 3-2 win Tuesday because of an undisclosed injury. The forward was injured on a high hit from New Jersey Devils forward Stefan Noesen during the third period of a 4-3 win Sunday.
Thompson skated on his own Wednesday. He leads Buffalo with 26 goals and 48 points in 47 games.
"Had a good day," Ruff said. "I mean, he's got to go through the protocol, the testing, all that stuff. But really felt good, so, encouraged. We've got three more days before we get to the Nashville game."
Dylan Cozens missed practice Wednesday because of "lower-body aggravation," and his status for Saturday still is to be determined. The forward has 26 points (10 goals, 16 assists) in 53 games.
"Really don't know where he'll be in the next couple of days," Ruff said. "It was bad enough to not practice."
Jordan Greenway remains "right on track" to return from a middle-body injury when the schedule resumes following the 4 Nations Face-Off break. The forward has not played since Dec. 15.
"I watch him practice and he's full-go," Ruff said. "… The plan is to get him these practices before the break, put the extra work in during the break, and be ready to go that first game coming out of the break."
Beck Malenstyn did not practice Wednesday. The forward left in the second period Tuesday because of back spasms and is uncertain for Saturday. -- Heather Engel

Minnesota Wild
The Wild claimed forward Vinnie Hinostroza off waivers from the Nashville Predators on Wednesday.
Hinostroza has two assists in 13 games with Nashville this season, and 153 points (54 goals, 99 assists) in 387 regular-season games for the Predators, Penguins, Sabres, Blackhawks, Panthers and Arizona Coyotes.
Forward Jakub Lauko was placed on injured reserve because of a lower-body injury. He played 8:50 in a 3-0 loss to the Boston Bruins on Tuesday and has five points (two goals, five assists) in 33 games this season.

Detroit Red Wings
Jeff Petry will be out 6-8 weeks after having surgery for an undisclosed injury.
The defenseman has missed 16 games since last playing, a 5-4 win against the Blue Jackets on Jan. 2.
"He won't play for a while," Red Wings coach Todd McLellan said prior to a 5-4 shootout win against the Kraken on Tuesday. "He had surgery and he'll be out for about 6-8 weeks depending on healing time, so it's unfortunate for him as an individual and certainly for our team. But we're going to work hard with him to get him back."
Petry, who also missed three games earlier this season with an upper-body injury, has six points (one goal, five assists) in 34 games this season.
February-6-2025:


Toronto Maple Leafs
Anthony Stolarz will return and start against the Seattle Kraken on Thursday (10 p.m. ET; HULU, ESPN+, TSN4, TVAS).
The goalie, who hasn't played since Dec. 12, has missed 23 games after having knee surgery. He is 9-5-2 with a 2.15 goals-against average and .927 save percentage in 17 games this season.
"We'll see how the game goes, but we've got to do a good job in front of him," coach Craig Berube said. "We've got to make sure that we're tight tonight, we're eliminating their rush game. [The Kraken] have a very good rush game, so we don't need to be giving those guys chances off the rush."
Forward Mitch Marner will also return after missing a 6-3 win against the Calgary Flames on Tuesday, because of a lower-body injury.
"It's just a spasm thing," Marner said. "Something locked up on me for a day and a half, and kind of throughout the day of that Calgary game, it started really getting back to normal, and then yesterday felt 100% so yeah, it was just a weird little kind of a [one-day] thing."
Marner, who is set to represent Canada at the 4 Nations Face-Off, leads the Maple Leafs with 70 points (16 goals, 54 assists) in 52 games. He will play right wing with John Tavares at center and William Nylander at left wing.
"I talked to those guys about Willie going on the left and Mitch on right and putting JT (at center)," Berube said. "... Mitch has played some real good hockey with JT this year, we know that, and we'll see how it goes." -- Darren Brown

New Jersey Devils
Nico Hischier has resumed skating and Devils coach Sheldon Keefe said the forward might be ready to play following the 4 Nations Face-Off, a best-on-best tournament that begins Wedneday and runs through Feb. 20.
The Devils captain is week to week because of an upper-body injury and was placed on injured reserve Thursday retroactive to Jan. 25.
"He's back on the ice," Keefe said. "He's not going to be available at this point this week but the way it's trending, it would be a surprise if he's not available when we return from the break."
Hischier took a cross-check up high late in the second period of a 4-3 overtime win at the Montreal Canadiens on Jan. 25 and did not play the remaining 2:10 of the period. He returned to the bench to begin the third and was on the ice for a 36-second shift before returning to the locker room.
He leads the Devils with 24 goals in 51 games and is second among forwards with an average ice time of 20:21.
"Nico is a guy we lean on for so much, whether it's power play, penalty-kill, 4-on-4, end of the game, start of the game, who to go to for a voice ... it's Nico," New Jersey forward Nathan Bastian said. "When he's gone you need a collection of guys to step up, probably everyone, so hopefully we can come together and show that we can miss our top guys and still be the team we are."
Jonas Siegenthaler is still being evaluated. He left a 3-2 shootout win at the Pittsburgh Penguins on Tuesday after falling along the boards at 8:45 of the first period and did not return.
"He's going to see another specialist just to get a better idea of exactly where we're at in the timeline, but clearly not going to be available here this week," Keefe said. "So we bring (Simon) Nemec back, and welcome him in, and give him an opportunity."
Nemec was recalled from Utica of the American Hockey League and joined the Devils for the morning skate. The 20-year-old defenseman and No. 2 pick in the 2022 NHL Draft has 20 points (three goals, 17 assists) in 69 NHL games, including 60 games last season.
"We need a guy and we're very fortunate to have somebody of his talent available to us. In our mind, in lots of ways he's always been the seventh defenseman here," Keefe said. "He just so happens that he's been in Utica and benefiting from playing a lot and the extra practice time, and all the things that come outside of the NHL, so I feel like he's benefited from that. We've been digging in more with him coming back yesterday, so we feel like he's ready for this opportunity."
The Devils are also without goalie Jacob Markstrom, who was injured in a 5-1 win against the Boston Bruins on Jan. 22. He will be out 4-6 weeks because of a sprained MCL in his knee and won't play for Team Sweden at 4 Nations. Samuel Ersson of the Philadelphia Flyers was named an injury replacement. -- Mike G. Morreale

Philadelphia Flyers
Owen Tippett will not return for the Flyers before the break for the 4 Nations Face-Off.
The forward has missed the past three games because of an upper-body injury he sustained on a hit by New Jersey Devils defensemen Brenden Dillon in the second period of a 5-0 loss Jan. 29. He has 30 points (14 goals, 16 assists) in 52 games this season.
Rasmus Ristolainen, who did not play in a 3-2 overtime loss to the Utah Hockey Club on Tuesday because of an upper-body injury, could return before the 4 Nations Face-Off, coach John Tortorella said. The defenseman is also expected to play for Team Finland at the 4 Nations Face-Off.
Forwards Andrei Kuzmenko and Jakob Pelletier, acquired in a trade with the Calgary Flames on Jan. 30, are in Toronto waiting for their immigration paperwork to clear. Tortorella said there is a chance they could play Saturday.
"I hope so," Tortorella said. "I believe, and I hope I'm not speaking out of turn, I believe Kuzmenko's paperwork is done," Tortorella said. "'Pelts' isn't. ... We flew them to Toronto so it would be a short jaunt over here. They've been there, but then their flight was canceled today, probably because of the ice and the storm." -- Adam Kimelman

Colorado Avalanche
Oliver Kylington will return to the lineup for the Avalanche when they play the Calgary Flames on Thursday (9 p.m. ET; SN1, SNW, ALT).
The defenseman, who missed 31 games because of an upper-body injury and was a healthy scratch for a 3-0 loss to the Vancouver Canucks on Tuesday, has two points (one goal, one assist) in eight games this season.
"He's going to play tonight," Colorado coach Jared Bednar said. "It's been a while. He's been out with the injury since I think late November, right? He's had a long road to kind of get back and get healthy and feeling good. We'll want to get him up and moving here before the (4 Nations Face-Off) break and then see how he does."
Kylington's return to the lineup comes against his former team. He was selected by the Flames in the second round (No. 60) of the 2015 NHL Draft and played his first 201 games in the NHL with Calgary from 2016-24 before signing a one-year contract with the Avalanche on Aug. 5.
"A lot of emotions," Kylington said. "It's just fun in in general. Been injured for two months so luckily everything is timed and everything worked well for this trip for me to come back. I'm just happy to be back in Calgary, in general. Looking forward to a good game. A special feeling overall."
Kylington, who also missed four games in October because of illness, will replace Josh Manson in the lineup. Manson is day to day and will miss the next two games because of an injury sustained on Tuesday.
"We could use the veteran presence," Bednar said. "We can use the puck-moving, another guy who can help chip in on the offensive side. It can't hurt us, especially now because we're going to miss Manson tonight. He's going to be out of the lineup for the next couple of games. Good chance for 'Shilly' to go in and jump into our top-four, probably." -- Aaron Vickers

San Jose Sharks
Vitek Vanecek will make his first start since suffering a broken cheekbone Dec. 14 when the Sharks host the Vancouver Canucks on Thursday (10:30 p.m. ET; NBCSCA, SNP).
Vanecek, the backup goalie against the Winnipeg Jets on Dec. 17, sustained the injury when he was hit in the face with an errant puck on the bench.
"[I want to see] if he's tracking pucks," Sharks coach Ryan Warsofsky said. "Obviously, there will probably be a little bit of rust."
Vanecek is 3-8-1 with a 3.84 goals-against average, and .885 save percentage in 14 games (13 starts) this season. He made 22 saves on 24 shots during a conditioning assignment with San Jose of the American Hockey League on Jan. 31.
"I feel great," Vanecek said after practice Monday. "Got some practices [in]. Got one game in the AHL, and I'm feeling much better for sure." -- Max Miller

Tampa Bay Lightning
Anthony Cirelli will not play against the Ottawa Senators at Amalie Arena on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNSUN, TSN5, RDS) because of an undisclosed injury. Lightning coach Jon Cooper said that the forward is day to day and his status for the remaining three games before the break for the 4 Nations Face-Off from Feb. 12-20 is unknown.
Cirelli missed most of the second period but returned for the third to help the Lightning to a 4-3 win against Ottawa on Tuesday. He is scheduled to play at 4 Nations for Team Canada, which opens the tournament against Team Sweden at Bell Centre in Montreal on Wednesday (8 p.m. ET; MAX, truTV, TNT, SN, TVAS).
"Not good news for Anthony Cirelli," Cooper said. "I don't know [about this weekend]. You miss one and you never know, but hopefully we'll have him back."
Cirelli has 40 points (19 goals, 21 assists) in 51 games this season. Cooper, who will coach Canada at 4 Nations, did not want to speak on Cirelli's status for the first best-on-best tournament since the World Cup of Hockey 2016.
"Let's not look there yet," Cooper said. "We have three games left with our team and they're really pivotal games, so it's unfortunate we're not going to have him tonight. He's a big part of our team, but hopefully we'll have him for the weekend."
The Lightning play a back-to-back set at the Detroit Red Wings on Saturday and the Montreal Canadiens on Sunday.
Nick Paul is expected to play Thursday. The forward missed the final two periods against Ottawa on Tuesday.
Forward Conor Sheary was recalled from Syracuse of the American Hockey League.
"We need him because we don't have enough players," Cooper said. "We're glad to have him in there." -- Corey Long

New York Islanders
Defenseman Scott Mayfield will not travel for the Islanders' final two games before the 4 Nations Face-Off break, against the Winnipeg Jets on Friday (8 p.m. ET, TSN3, MSGSN) and the Minnesota Wild on Saturday.
Mayfield, who sustained a lower-body injury in a 3-2 overtime win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Saturday, is considered day to day but has yet to practice with the team. He has seven points (two goals, five assists) in 50 games, averaging 17:33 of ice time per game.
Forward Hudson Fasching, who sustained an upper-body injury in a 5-4 overtime win against the Boston Bruins on Jan. 5, will travel. He remains on injured reserve.
Fasching has no points in 19 games this season.
Forward Mathew Barzal was placed on injured reserve Tuesday after the Islanders announced he would be out indefinitely with an upper-body injury sustained in their overtime win against Tampa. -- Stefen Rosner

Buffalo Sabres
Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen could return to the lineup against the Nashville Predators on Saturday (8 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, MSG-B).
The goalie, who is slated to play for Team Finland at the 4 Nations Face-Off from Feb. 12-20, did not make his scheduled start against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Tuesday because of a lower-body injury sustained at the morning skate.
He was not on the ice for practice Wednesday. The Sabres are off Thursday and will practice again Friday.
"'UPL' will skate our next practice, anticipating him to be ready," coach Lindy Ruff said.
Luukkonen is 18-15-4 with a 2.97 goals-against average and .897 save percentage in 38 games this season.
Tage Thompson also could return against Nashville after missing the 3-2 win at KeyBank Center on Tuesday because of an undisclosed injury. The forward was injured on a high hit from New Jersey Devils forward Stefan Noesen during the third period of a 4-3 victory Sunday.
Thompson skated on his own Wednesday. He leads Buffalo with 26 goals and 48 points in 47 games.
"Had a good day," Ruff said. "I mean, he's got to go through the protocol, the testing, all that stuff, but really felt good, so, encouraged. We've got three more days before we get to the Nashville game."
Dylan Cozens missed practice Wednesday because of "lower-body aggravation," and his status for Saturday is to be determined. The forward has 26 points (10 goals, 16 assists) in 53 games.
"Really don't know where he'll be in the next couple of days," Ruff said. "It was bad enough to not practice."
Jordan Greenway remains on track to return from a middle-body injury when the schedule resumes following the 4 Nations break. The forward has not played since Dec. 15.
"I watch him practice and he's full-go," Ruff said. "… The plan is to get him these practices before the break, put the extra work in during the break, and be ready to go that first game coming out of the break."
Beck Malenstyn did not practice Wednesday. The forward left in the second period Tuesday because of back spasms and is uncertain for Saturday. -- Heather Engel
February-7-2025:

Buffalo Sabres
Tage Thompson, Dylan Cozens and Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen could each return to the lineup against the Nashville Predators on Saturday (8 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, MSG-B) after they returned to practice on Friday.
"As long as no ramifications from today, they should all be good to go," coach Lindy Ruff said.
Thompson, a forward, was injured on a high hit from New Jersey Devils forward Stefan Noesen during the third period of a 4-3 victory Sunday. He leads Buffalo with 26 goals and 48 points in 47 games this season.
At practice Friday, he was back in his spot at right wing on the top line alongside center Jiri Kulich, JJ Peterka, and on the top power-play unit. He leads the Sabres with 26 goals and 48 points in 47 games.
"Good day on the ice," Thompson said Friday. "Skated by myself the last two days and felt good there too so it's nice to be back on the ice with the team, full practice, little bit of contract. ... Felt good, no issues. ... I feel ready."
Cozens, a forward, missed practice Wednesday because of "lower-body aggravation." On Friday, he skated between Peyton Krebs and Jack Quinn and was in his spot on the second power-play unit. The center has 26 points (10 goals, 16 assists) in 53 games.
Luukkonen, a goalie, who is slated to play for Finland at the 4 Nations Face-Off from Feb. 12-20, did not make his scheduled start against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Tuesday because of a lower-body injury sustained at the morning skate.
"He had a workout yesterday and another one today, so we'll make that decision probably before we get on the plane."
With Thompson and Cozens potentially ready, Buffalo assigned forward Isak Rosen to Rochester of the American Hockey League on Friday. -- Heather Engel
Chicago Blackhawks
Jason Dickinson will be out several weeks with a high left ankle sprain for the Blackhawks.
Chicago plays the Nashville Predators at United Center on Friday (8:30 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, CHSN) and the St. Louis Blues on Saturday before going on break for the 4 Nations Face-Off, which is Feb. 12-20 in Montreal and Boston.
"It's going to be community," Blackhawks coach Anders Sorensen said Friday of how to replace Dickinson in the lineup. "It's going to be a slew of players but it's also an opportunity for those guys to step in and have bigger roles and special teams and face-offs. So it’s definitely going to be a community thing for us as a group here."
Dickinson left at 4:33 of the second period of Chicago's 4-3 overtime loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Thursday after falling awkwardly after coming together with Oilers forward Vasily Podkolzin.
Dickinson was helped to the bench favoring his left leg and did not return. He left the building after the game wearing a walking boot.
"In terms of special teams, he's usually the first over the boards, face-offs he's been really good," Sorenson said. "Utilized him a lot as a shut-down type of line there. so obviously we miss him there but again, opportunity for some of these other guys to earn that and show that they can handle those roles." -- Tracey Myers

Philadelphia Flyers
Owen Tippett will not return for the Flyers before the break for the 4 Nations Face-Off.
The forward has missed the past four games because of an upper-body injury he sustained on a hit by New Jersey Devils defensemen Brenden Dillon in the second period of a 5-0 loss Jan. 29. He has 30 points (14 goals, 16 assists) in 52 games this season.
Rasmus Ristolainen, who did not play in a 4-3 loss to the Washington Capitals on Thursday because of an upper-body injury, could return before the 4 Nations Face-Off, coach John Tortorella said. The defenseman, who has missed the past two games, is also expected to play for Finland at the 4 Nations Face-Off.
Forwards Andrei Kuzmenko and Jakob Pelletier, acquired in a trade with the Calgary Flames on Jan. 30, could play against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Saturday (7 p.m. ET; SN-PIT, NBCSP). -- Adam Kimelman
February-8-2025:


Pittsburgh Penguins
Sidney Crosby did not play for the Penguins in a 3-2 loss at the Philadelphia Flyers on Saturday.
The center and Pittsburgh captain participated in an optional morning skate after missing a 3-2 win against the New York Rangers on Friday because of an upper-body injury sustained during a 4-0 shootout loss to the New Jersey Devils on Tuesday.
It was the first game Crosby had missed this season; he played 229 straight regular-season games since April 7, 2022, when he was unavailable because of an illness.
Crosby was joined on the ice Saturday by forward Matt Nieto, defenseman Ryan Shea, and goalies Joel Blomqvist and Alex Nedeljkovic.
The game against the Flyers was the Penguins’ last before the break for the 4 Nations Face-Off (Feb. 12-20), where Crosby is set to captain Canada. He leads the Penguins with 58 points (17 goals, 41 assists) in 55 games.
As for whether Crosby’s absence Saturday affects his status for the tournament, Pittsburgh coach Mike Sullivan said, “We're going to take each day as it comes. He skated for a long time this morning. He felt significantly better today than he did yesterday, and that's really encouraging.”
The Penguins placed forward Bryan Rust on injured reserve Saturday with a lower-body injury and recalled forward Vasily Ponomarev from Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League. Rust had two assists in 19:34 of ice time Friday and is third on Pittsburgh with 42 points (20 goals, 22 assists) in 48 games this season.
“We would anticipate him being available [after the break],” Sullivan said. “It was more about having roster flexibility so we could call somebody up so that we could have 12 healthy forwards in the lineup.”
Ponomarev had 9:16 of ice time in the loss.
The Penguins placed Jesse Puljujarvi on waivers for the purpose of contract termination on Saturday.
The forward has nine points (three goals, six assists) in 26 games. He last played Jan. 29, and had been assigned to Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League on Feb. 5.
He played 20 of the Penguins' first 23 games, totaling eight points (three goals, five assists), but played just six games since then. Puljujarvi played played just 22 games during the 2023-24 season after having bilateral hip surgery in July 2023.
The Penguins return from the break on Feb. 22 when they host the Washington Capitals. -- Adam Kimelman

Los Angeles Kings
David Rittich started for the second straight game for the Kings against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday and made 25 saves in a 2-1 shootout loss.
Rittich made 26 saves in a 5-4 shootout win against the Dallas Stars on Friday. He started both games of the back-to-back because Darcy Kuemper is unavailable for personal reasons.
Kuemper’s wife gave birth to their first child, a boy, earlier this week.
Kings head coach Jim Hiller said the decision to start Rittich again was made Saturday.
“You always got to be ready to play. Goaltenders, for sure, nowadays don’t often play back-to-backs,” Hiller said. “David’s a unique character, and I’m sure he’ll come through it.”
Pheonix Copley was recalled from Ontario of the American Hockey League on an emergency basis Saturday and backed up Rittich.
The Kings also put defenseman Mikey Anderson (upper body) on injured reserve. He has not played since Jan. 30 at the Tampa Bay Lightning, but Hiller expects Anderson will be ready to practice following the 4 Nations Face-Off.
“Whether he’s ready to play will be another story, but should be able to practice,” Hiller said. -- Dan Greenspan

Carolina Hurricanes
Mikko Rantanen did not play in a 7-3 win against the Utah Hockey Club on Saturday because of a lower-body injury, and Hurricanes coach Rod Brind'Amour said he is unsure about the forward's status for the 4 Nations Face-Off, where Rantanen is scheduled to represent Finland.
"I know he was knicked up right at the end of the last game, and I thought he might be able to play today. Obviously, he couldn't.” Brind’Amour said. “So I don't know where that stands. I know it's not serious-serious long term, but I don't know what his thought is about playing or not moving forward."
Rantanen, who has one goal and one assist in six games since being acquired from the Colorado Avalanche on Jan. 24, took a shot off the knee in the third period of a 2-1 loss at the Minnesota Wild on Thursday but finished the game. He has 66 points (26 goals, 40 assists) in 55 games this season.
Carolina used 11 forwards and seven defensemen with Rantanen unavailable. -- Kurt Dusterberg

Buffalo Sabres
Tage Thompson returned against the Nashville Predators on Saturday after returning to practice Friday and had three shots in 18:37 of ice time in a 6-4 loss.
Thompson, a forward, was injured on a high hit from New Jersey Devils forward Stefan Noesen during the third period of a 4-3 victory Feb. 2. He leads Buffalo with 26 goals and 48 points in 48 games this season.
Thompson was back in his spot at right wing on the top line alongside center Jiri Kulich, JJ Peterka, and on the top power-play unit at practice Friday.
"Good day on the ice," Thompson said Friday. "Skated by myself the last two days and felt good there, too, so it's nice to be back on the ice with the team, full practice, little bit of contract. ... Felt good, no issues. ... I feel ready."
Dylan Cozens also returned after he missed practice Wednesday because of "lower-body aggravation." On Friday, he skated between Peyton Krebs and Jack Quinn and was in his spot on the second power-play unit. The center has 27 points (11 goals, 16 assists) in 54 games after scoring a goal in 15:58 of ice time against Nashville.
With Thompson and Cozens potentially ready, Buffalo assigned forward Isak Rosen to Rochester of the American Hockey League on Friday.
Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen participated in the morning skate and started in goal after he sustained a lower-body injury at the morning skate prior to the Sabres' game against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Tuesday. Luukkonen, who is slated to play for Finland at the 4 Nations Face-Off, allowed five goals on 22 shots. -- Heather Engel

Philadelphia Flyers
Rasmus Ristolainen missed his third straight game when the Flyers played the Pittsburgh Penguins on Saturday.
The defenseman practiced Friday and took part in an optional morning skate Saturday.
Ristolainen has 15 points (two goals, 13 assists) and is plus-3 in 54 games while averaging 20:31 of ice time. He is set to play for Finland at the 4 Nations Face-Off.
"I haven't really thought about it, because a couple days ago I wasn't really sure," he said. "Just going day by day, and just been worrying about my body and just try to feel as good as possible. So, I haven't really thought about anything."
The Flyers had forward Andrei Kuzmenko in the lineup Saturday for the first time since he was acquired, along with forward Jakob Pelletier, in a trade with the Calgary Flames on Jan. 31. Kuzmeko had an assist in 18:53 of ice time. Pelletier remains unavailable because of immigration issues.
Jacob Gaucher will be recalled from Lehigh Valley of the AHL after being sent to the AHL on Friday and saw 6:53 of ice time. -- Adam Kimelman

Ottawa Senators
Shane Pinto missed his second straight game because of an upper-body injury when the Senators lost 5-1 against the Florida Panthers on Saturday.
The center left a 4-3 loss at the Tampa Bay Lightning on Tuesday in the first period and did not return. He did not play Thursday, a 5-1 loss at Tampa Bay.
“He’s not ready to play tonight,’’ Senators coach Travis Green said after the morning skate Saturday.
Pinto has 22 points (11 goals, 11 assists) and is plus-4 in 46 games this season.
Ottawa played 11 forwards and seven defensemen Thursday, and Green said it would do the same against Florida. It is the Senators’ last game before the 4 Nations Face-Off; they will not play again until Feb. 22 against the Montreal Canadiens. -- George Richards

Chicago Blackhawks
Jason Dickinson will be out several weeks with a high left ankle sprain for the Blackhawks.
Chicago lost 6-5 to the St. Louis Blues on Saturday in its final game before going on break for the 4 Nations Face-Off.
"It's going to be community," Blackhawks coach Anders Sorensen said Friday of how to replace Dickinson in the lineup. "It's going to be a slew of players but it's also an opportunity for those guys to step in and have bigger roles and special teams and face-offs. So, it’s definitely going to be a community thing for us as a group here."
Dickinson left at 4:33 of the second period of Chicago's 4-3 overtime loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Thursday after falling awkwardly after coming together with Oilers forward Vasily Podkolzin.
Dickinson was helped to the bench favoring his left leg and did not return. He left the building after the game wearing a walking boot.
"In terms of special teams, he's usually the first over the boards, face-offs he's been really good," Sorenson said. "Utilized him a lot as a shut-down type of line there. so obviously we miss him there. But again, opportunity for some of these other guys to earn that and show that they can handle those roles." -- Tracey Myers
February-9-2025:
February-10-2025:
February-11-2025:
February-12-2025:
February-13-2025:
February-14-2025:
February-15-2025:
February-16-2025:
February-17-2025:
February-18-2025:


New Jersey Devils
Nico Hischier returned to practice on Tuesday and could return to the lineup against the Dallas Stars on Saturday (6 p.m. ET; MSGSN, Victory+).
"I wouldn't say he's cleared at this point; it's his first day back, so doctors will play a role in it, and he'll get assessed," Devils coach Sheldon Keefe said. "But he knows how his body feels and it didn't seem like he was in any sort of discomfort today (during practice), so I suspect he'll be ready to go."
The Devils captain was placed on injured reserve Feb. 6 retroactive to Jan. 25 and has missed six games with an oblique injury. New Jersey has 3-3-0 without him.
"It obviously wasn't fun watching those games," Hischier said. "Nobody's having fun watching games; you always want to be out there helping, win or lose."
Hischier took a cross-check up high late in the second period of a 4-3 overtime win at the Montreal Canadiens on Jan. 25 and did not play the remaining 2:10 of the period. He returned to the bench to begin the third and was on the ice for a 36-second shift before returning to the locker room.
"I feel better now. I had a great break and it felt good to be back out there with the guys," Hischier said Tuesday. "We recharged the battery and still got a few days to get into it, so I should be fine."
Hischier is tied for the team lead with 24 goals in 51 games and is second among forwards with an average ice time of 20:21. He ranks second in the NHL in face-off attempts (1,220) and wins (677) and is first on the Devils with a 55.5 face-off winning percentage.
Defenseman Jonas Siegenthaler and goalie Jacob Markstrom were each placed on injured reserve on Tuesday.
Siegenthaler had a procedure done on Feb. 11 for an undisclosed injury and there is no timetable for his return.
"He'll be out for a bit here, for sure," Keefe said. "We'll have him evaluated over the next two or three weeks and have a greater idea of exactly what his recovery is going to look like."
Siegenthaler left a 3-2 shootout win at the Pittsburgh Penguins on Feb. 4 after falling along the boards at 8:45 of the first period and did not return.
Markstrom, who was injured in a 5-1 win against the Boston Bruins on Jan. 22, was expected to miss 4-6 weeks because of a sprained MCL in his knee. -- Mike G. Morreale

Pittsburgh Penguins
Evgeni Malkin was a full participant at practice on Tuesday and could return to the lineup when the Penguins host the Washington Capitals on Saturday (3 p.m. ET; ABC, ESPN+, SN360, TVAS).
The center took contact for the first time since sustaining a lower-body injury in a 4-1 loss at the Seattle Kraken on Jan. 25. Malkin has been out 10 of the past 16 games, missing the past six and four from Jan. 7-12 with an upper-body injury.
Bryan Rust also took full contact in practice and could play Saturday. The first-line right wing was sidelined for a 3-2 loss at the Philadelphia Flyers on Feb. 8 after suffering a lower-body injury against the New York Rangers the day before.
"I think the four practices (before the next game) are huge, especially after being off," Pittsburgh assistant coach Mike Vellucci said. "Then, when you're injured, they're two of our better players, obviously, so it's great to have them back. I thought, today, they looked really good, both of them.
"Their execution was pretty good today. I'm sure their lungs were hurting a little bit, but the rest of their game looked really good."
Malkin is fifth on the Penguins with 34 points (nine goals, 25 assists) in 47 games. Rust is third with 42 points (20 goals, 22 assists) in 48 games. -- Wes Crosby

Nashville Predators
Jeremy Lauzon will be out for the remainder of the season because of a lower-body injury.
The defenseman last played on Dec. 31, logging 6:19 of ice time in a 5-3 loss to the Minnesota Wild. He was placed on injured reserve on Jan. 6 and his timeline was changed to 4-6 months on Tuesday.
Lauzon, who has one assist in 28 games this season, also missed 10 games earlier in the season because of a lower-body injury. He has 127 hits this season after setting the NHL single-season record with 383 last season.

New York Islanders
Scott Mayfield could return for the Islanders in their next game against the Dallas Stars on Sunday (7:30 p.m. ET; Victory+, MSGSN).
Mayfield, who sustained a lower-body injury in a 3-2 overtime win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Feb. 1, missed the final four games before the 4 Nations Face-Off break. He has seven points (two goals, five assists) in 50 games this season.
"It's not fun to sit out and watch, but the timing of it with the time off, and the break and everything," he said. "I was able to get back to feeling good out there. Ready to go and excited to be back."
Mayfield, along with fellow defenseman Ryan Pulock (upper-body injury), each took part in practice on Tuesday.
Pulock, who was injured in a 3-2 overtime win against the Carolina Hurricanes on Jan. 25, practiced in a non-contact jersey. He has missed the past seven games and is currently on injured reserve.
Pulock has 16 points (three goals, 13 assists) in 48 games this season.
"It was nice to see them on the ice today," Islanders coach Patrick Roy said. "I mean, I thought they looked good, but we'll see how the week progresses, and I'm sure we'll make some decisions at the time.
Defensemen Noah Dobson (upper body) and Mike Reilly (upper body), forward Mathew Barzal (lower body), and goaltenders Semyon Varlamov (lower body) and Marcus Hogberg (upper body) did not take part in the skate, and there was no update on their statuses. -- Stefen Rosner
February-19-2025:
February-20-2025:


New York Rangers
Igor Shesterkin practiced fully Thursday and could play this weekend.
The Rangers announced Feb. 8 their No. 1 goalie would be out 1-2 weeks because of an upper-body injury. Shesterkin started the night before and made 23 saves in a 3-2 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins. He stayed down on the ice after a net-front scramble late in the first period but remained in the game after being checked on by a trainer.
Shesterkin is 18-19-2 with a 2.87 goals-against average, .906 save percentage and three shutouts in 39 games this season.
New York (27-24-4) visits the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday when the NHL returns from the 4 Nations Face-Off. It also visits Pittsburgh on Sunday.
"I expect him to be in practice tomorrow and then available for us for the weekend," Rangers coach Peter Laviolette said Thursday.
Laviolette said forward Mika Zibanejad, who played for Sweden at the 4 Nations Face-Off, skated on his own Thursday and likely will practice Friday. Zibanejad has 37 points (11 goals, 26 assists) in 55 games this season.
“I’m assuming he’ll be with us tomorrow for practice,” Laviolette said.

Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes (undisclosed) will practice again Friday, and assistant coach Adam Foote is optimistic the Canucks’ top defenseman will be cleared to play against the Vegas Golden Knights on Saturday (10 p.m. ET; SCRIPPS, CITY, SN, CBC).
The reigning Norris Trophy winner, voted as the best defenseman in the NHL, hasn’t played since Jan. 31 because of an undisclosed injury. Hughes practiced in Vancouver in a noncontact jersey Tuesday and then in a regular jersey Wednesday, ramping up his participation in battle drills.
Vancouver did not practice Thursday. The team will travel to Las Vegas on Friday before practicing there in the afternoon.
“Tomorrow will be his second day of contact,” Foote said Thursday. “And then they'll go through with the medical staff, they'll go through what they do and I'm optimistic myself, but we'll see what (the) outcome is. We'll probably put him in a couple even harder 1-on-1s in the corner [on Friday] if he's ready for it and we'll see.”
There was talk the previous two days that Hughes might join the United States for the 4 Nations Face-Off final against Canada on Thursday, especially after he was cleared for contact in practice Wednesday, but Foote indicated after he hadn’t been cleared for games.
Hughes was one of the first six players named to the U.S. roster on June 28, 2024. The 25-year-old has 59 points (14 goals, 45 assists) in 47 games this season, which leads Vancouver and is tied for second among NHL defensemen. But he missed the Canucks’ final four games before the 4 Nations Face-Off and was replaced by Ottawa Senators defenseman Jake Sanderson on Feb. 9.
“It was an unfortunate injury before break, and I know how bad he wanted to go and was looking forward to it,” Canucks forward and fellow American Brock Boeser said. “That's just the type of person and leader he is. He wants to be there supporting those guys and helping them win, so I feel bad for him, but I keep telling him, ‘Get ready for the Olympics next year.’ He'll obviously be there.”
Foote said goalie Kevin Lankinen, who played for Finland at the 4 Nations Face-Off, and forward Elias Pettersson, who represented Sweden, will meet the Canucks in Las Vegas for practice Friday. -- Kevin Woodley

New Jersey Devils
Nico Hischier could return against the Dallas Stars on Saturday (6 p.m. ET; MSGSN, Victory+).
"I wouldn't say he's cleared at this point; it's his first day back, so doctors will play a role in it, and he'll get assessed," Devils coach Sheldon Keefe said Tuesday. "But he knows how his body feels and it didn't seem like he was in any sort of discomfort today (during practice), so I suspect he'll be ready to go."
Hischier took a cross-check up high late in the second period of a 4-3 overtime win at the Montreal Canadiens on Jan. 25 and did not play the remaining 2:10 of the period. He returned to the bench to begin the third and was on the ice for a 36-second shift before returning to the locker room.
The Devils captain was placed on injured reserve Feb. 6 retroactive to Jan. 25 and has missed six games because of an oblique injury. New Jersey was 3-3-0 without him.
"It obviously wasn't fun watching those games," Hischier said. "Nobody's having fun watching games; you always want to be out there helping, win or lose.
"I feel better now. I had a great break and it felt good to be back out there with the guys. We recharged the battery and still got a few days to get into it, so I should be fine."
Hischier is tied for the Devils lead with 24 goals in 51 games and is second among New Jersey forwards with an average ice time of 20:21. He ranks second in the NHL in face-off attempts (1,220) and wins (677) and is first on the Devils with a 55.5 percent face-off winning percentage. -- Mike G. Morreale

Nashville Predators
Jeremy Lauzon will be out for the remainder of the season because of a lower-body injury.
The defenseman last played Dec. 31, logging 6:19 of ice time in a 5-3 loss to the Minnesota Wild. He was placed on injured reserve Jan. 6 and his timeline was changed to 4-6 months Tuesday.
Lauzon, who has one assist in 28 games this season, also missed 10 games earlier in the season because of a lower-body injury. He has 127 hits this season after setting the NHL single-season record with 383 last season.
February-21-2025:


Florida Panthers
Matthew Tkachuk is unlikely to play against the Seattle Kraken on Saturday (6 p.m. ET; KHN, SCRIPPS, KONG) because of a lower-body injury.
The forward was injured while playing for the United States at the 4 Nations Face-Off.
"My expectation is that he won’t be playing tomorrow," Panthers coach Paul Maurice said Friday. "I'll probably have a better handle on it [Saturday], but not a final one. ... I don't know if we've got a man or more out tomorrow, but my expectation is we're going to give [Tkachuk] some rest no matter what. Then we'll get a handle on it over the next few days."
Tkachuk sat out the final 12:36 of the third period against Canada on Feb. 15, didn't play against Sweden on Monday and was limited to 6:47 of ice time in the 3-2 overtime loss to Canada in the championship game Thursday. He did not play in the third period or overtime.
Maurice said Tkachuk could be categorized as day to day.
"There is no one else in the world like Matthew," Florida captain Aleksander Barkov said. "So, you cannot really replace that type of player and person. Hopefully it's nothing too serious."
Forwards Sam Reinhart and Sam Bennett, who helped Canada win the championship Thursday, are expected to play Saturday.
Mackie Samoskevich is expected to play on a line with Bennett and Evan Rodrigues after the forward missed the Panthers' final game before the 4 Nations break on Feb. 8 because of an upper-body injury. -- George Richards

Pittsburgh Penguins
Sidney Crosby likely will be a game-time decision against the Washington Capitals at PPG Paints Arena in Pittsburgh on Saturday (3 p.m. ET; ABC, ESPN+, SN360, TVAS).
The center played all four games for Canada at the 4 Nations Face-Off, including 19:13 in a 3-2 overtime win against the United States in the championship game Thursday. But he had missed the Penguins' two games prior to the break for the 4 Nations because of an upper-body injury.
Crosby did not practice Friday.
Coach Mike Sullivan, who was U.S. coach, said he was under the impression Crosby's injury did not worsen during the tournament.
"Sid and I talked briefly on the plane coming back here this morning," Sullivan said. "Right now we'll probably make him a game-time decision. He was obviously excused from practice today, but he's feeling good.
"He obviously played extremely well, which you guys witnessed. But in my short conversations with him, he felt pretty good from a health standpoint and where he's at. So, that's encouraging."
Evgeni Malkin is expected to return from a lower-body injury that sidelined him for six games. He skated at first-line center, Crosby's usual position, on Friday alongside left wing Rickard Rakell and right wing Bryan Rust, who is expected to play after missing one game because of a lower-body injury. -- Wes Crosby

Edmonton Oilers
Connor McDavid will be in the lineup against the Philadelphia Flyers on Saturday (1 p.m. ET; NBCSP, SNW, SN1).
The center, who scored the championship-winning goal for Canada in its 3-2 overtime win against the U.S. at the 4 Nations Face-Off on Thursday, was traveling from Boston on Friday and missed practice.
Coach Kris Knoblauch said McDavid isn't a fan of missing time if he's available.
"Connor never wants to take any time off," Knoblauch said. "He wants to play, he always wants to be with his team, he always wants to be contributing. ... I've given him many options, say maybe the minutes were high last night, maybe you're better off not practicing the next day, but he's always wanting to be part of the team and not take time off."
Knoblauch said forward Matt Savoie will make his NHL debut Saturday. The 21-year-old is third among American Hockey League rookies with 37 points (13 goals, 24 assists) in 45 games for Bakersfield.
"We want to give him a little bit of leeway, runway, of playing and seeing where he fits in, whether he's an NHL player, if he's ready to help our team," Knoblauch said. "I absolutely believe he's a player that can play in the NHL. Is he a player that's going to move the needle and make our team better? That'll be time to tell. So far he's had three practices with us and we've been very impressed with him."
A roster move will have to be made prior to officially adding Savoie to the NHL roster. -- Adam Kimelman

Toronto Maple Leafs
Auston Matthews and Mitch Marner are expected to play against the Carolina Hurricanes on Saturday (7 p.m. ET; CBC, SN1, SNO, SNP, NHLN, FDSNSO).
Neither forward practiced Friday after playing in the 4 Nations Face-Off championship game Thursday, which Canada won 3-2 in overtime against the United States.
Marner had two assists, including on the overtime goal by McDavid and was plus-2 in 18:00 of ice time. Matthews had two assists and was plus-1 in 20:47 of ice time for the U.S.
"They played the games but they had time off there too from a physical standpoint," Maple Leafs coach Craig Berube said. "But there's a lot put into that game by both teams and players. I think emotionally it will be interesting to see. I think it's a mental grind to be in that environment shift after shift."
Forward Max Pacioretty is not expected to play Saturday while he continues to deal with "tightness." He skated prior to practice Friday.
"Didn't feel good enough with what happened the other day," Berube said. "He needs to get relief. It's not so much of an injury I don't believe, it's that he's got some tightness and things like that. He could come in tomorrow and feel a lot better. He said he felt better today which is good but just not capable of getting out there and practicing just yet."
Forward Connor Dewar, who has missed the past seven games because of an upper-body injury, is expected to play Saturday. He practiced at right wing on a line with left wing Steven Lorentz and center David Kampf. -- Dave McCarthy

Winnipeg Jets
Goalie Connor Hellebuyck and defenseman Josh Morrissey won't play against the St. Louis Blues on Saturday (7 ET; KMOV-TV, Matrix-MW, SNW).
Hellebuyck played for the United States and Morrissey for Canada at the 4 Nations Face-Off, which ended with Canada's 3-2 overtime victory in the championship game in Boston on Thursday.
"They're flying back to Winnipeg right now and won't be going to St. Louis," Winnipeg coach Scott Arniel said Friday.
Morrissey, a defenseman, did not play Thursday because of an illness. Hellebuyck, who started in goal Thursday, had been sick earlier in the week.
"The Swedish team got hit heavy, I know," Arniel said. "Every team got hit [with the flu]. It was just unfortunate it happened when it did for Josh. … He tried to go to the rink. When he woke up he was throwing up all day. He tried to hopefully feel better when he got there. It didn't go any better and he gave me a call when he was in an Uber going back to the hotel, so he ended up spending the night in the hotel watching, which is so unfortunate."
Arniel said the focus for both players is the stretch drive ahead of the Stanley Cup Playoffs.
"It's a situation that ... they [Morrissey and Hellebuyck] want to move on, they want to get going back," he said. "The biggest thing about them, they're all talking about our team and what we have to do for 26 games [remaining in the regular season], so that’s great to hear." -- Darrin Bauming

St. Louis Blues
Colton Parayko will play both games for the Blues this weekend, against the Jets on Saturday (7 p.m. ET; KMOV-TV, Matrix-MW, SNW) and the Colorado Avalanche on Sunday.
The defenseman played all four games at the 4 Nations Face-Off to help Canada win the best-on-best tournament, including 17:49 in a 3-2 overtime win against the United States in the championship game Thursday.
"He's going to play both games, and he's going to play 24 minutes," St. Louis coach Jim Montgomery said Friday, alluding to Parayko's average ice time (24:13). "He's a physical specimen, he takes care of himself so well and he loves to compete, loves being a Blue.
"Thankfully he's only averaging 18 minutes there [at 4 Nations]."
Parayko was plus-1 with six shots on goal in 19:12 of ice time per game at the tournament.
Goalie Jordan Binnington, who made 31 saves for Canada on Thursday, likely will start Sunday with Joel Hofer playing Saturday, but Montgomery said he hasn't made a final decision yet.
Montgomery said Parayko and Binnington will get needed rest in between the coming days with the Blues coming out of the break playing six games in nine days.
"We're going to have to look to definitely give them more rest," he said. "They're going to have to play games for us, we know that. But if we're coming in, maybe we tell them to stay home a couple days so that they can regenerate the batteries because not only have they not had the break that we all had, but they're playing real intense ... the game [Thursday was] emotional, it's physically and mentally draining. They need a break from that." -- Lou Korac

Philadelphia Flyers
Forwards Owen Tippett and Ryan Poehling, and defensemen Rasmus Ristolainen and Egor Zamula will be available against the Oilers on Saturday (1 p.m. ET; NBCSP, SNW, SN1) after each missed time because of upper-body injuries.
All four players practiced Thursday and Friday.
Tippett was injured Jan. 29 and has missed five games, Poehling has been out 11 games since being injured Jan. 16. Ristolainen missed three games after being injured Feb. 2 and Zamula has been out eight games, last playing Jan. 23.
Forward Jakob Pelletier has finalized his immigration paperwork and is expected to make his Flyers debut after being acquired in a trade with the Calgary Flames along with Andrei Kuzmenko on Jan. 30.
Assistant coach Brad Shaw said Friday that he expects forward Travis Konecny and defenseman Travis Sanheim to play after each skated for Canada at the 4 Nations Face-Off.
"As far as what the roster looks like tomorrow, I’m not really going to comment on that," Shaw said. "I would expect them to, yes. I'm not privy to what their status is so I would assume they're playing." -- Adam Kimelman

New Jersey Devils
Nico Hischier expects to return to the lineup against the Dallas Stars on Saturday (6 p.m. ET; MSGSN, Victory+).
"The plan is playing tomorrow," Hischier said Friday. "I felt better again today [during practice], and I'm just trying to get back into the game mindset."
The center was placed on injured reserve Feb. 6, retroactive to Jan. 25, and missed six games because of an oblique injury. He has participated in all three practices the Devils have held this week.
"We got to see exactly where he's at," New Jersey coach Sheldon Keefe said. "That's the been the plan ... building him up towards playing. Obviously we have a back to back right out of the gate [Nashville Predators on Sunday], so we have to have a conversation with him, or more importantly the medical people, just to make sure that they're on the same page.
"But he got through some pretty hard and competitive practices this week, which is a very good sign. I think we'll just see where he's at tomorrow."
Keefe said center Jack Hughes could be a game-time decision Saturday after playing for the United States in the championship game of the 4 Nations Face-Off in Boston on Thursday.
"I haven't talked to him yet and obviously it's a heartbreaking loss for them," Keefe said. "So, let him be here and then we'll connect this afternoon and see where he's at."
Goalie Jacob Markstrom, who was placed on injured reserve Tuesday, was on the ice for some work prior to practice for the second time this week. He sustained a sprained MCL in his knee during a 5-1 win against the Boston Bruins on Jan. 22, and was expected to miss 4-6 weeks.
"He's progressing," Keefe said. "He got a full goalie session today, his second practice now. He's been out for the early portion as scheduled before leaving the ice. He's not building up a full workload yet so he's not close to playing at this point. But he's certainly making his way to being closer to a full practice participant and that'll be the next step for him." -- Mike G. Morreale

Seattle Kraken
Jordan Eberle practiced for the third consecutive day and coach Dan Bylsma said the forward is considered day to day.
The Kraken play at Florida on Saturday (6 p.m. ET; KHN, SCRIPPS, KONG).
Eberle has been out because of a pelvis injury sustained Nov. 14. The Kraken announced Nov. 22 that surgery was performed and would keep him out at least three months.
In addition to skating with the Kraken, Eberle spent time with Coachella Valley of the American Hockey League.
Bylsma said those workouts were extremely beneficial because of how much time Eberle has missed.
"He has had some practice time in [Coachella Valley] which included some contact and some physicality," Bylsma said. "We have gotten that this week and, as he reacts to it, we'll make the judgement of when he gets back into a game. He's been doing pretty well. He has been practicing, and he didn't think [Seattle's] first practice was that hard because he has been practicing for two weeks. So, that's a good sign." -- George Richards

Buffalo Sabres
Jordan Greenway could return from a middle-body injury when the Sabres play the New York Rangers on Saturday (5:30 p.m. ET; MSG-B, MSG).
The forward, who had surgery for the injury in December, has missed 23 games. He had missed 10 games from Nov. 15-Dec. 8 because of the injury, returned Dec. 9 but played four games before leaving the lineup again.
"All plans are that he's ready to go," coach Lindy Ruff said.
Greenway skated at left wing with center Dylan Cozens and right wing Jack Quinn during practice this week.
He has seven points (three goals, four assists) in 20 games.
Mattias Samuelsson is available to play after being out the final two games before the break with a broken bone in his foot. The defenseman sustained the injury blocking a shot during a 4-3 win against the Devils on Feb. 2 but did not miss a shift.
"The foot just blew up, I couldn't really put it in my skate," Samuelsson said. "Let it heal before break, came back and [it's] fine."
Beck Malenstyn also could play after missing one game because of back spasms. The forward left during the second period of a 3-2 win against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Feb. 4. He rejoined the Sabres at practice Wednesday after skating on his own Tuesday.
"He's feeling good injury-wise, and he dealt with the flu bug too, at the same time," Ruff said. "He looks like he's in a good place."
Malenstyn practiced at his usual spot at left wing on the fourth line. -- Heather Engel

Calgary Flames
Tyson Barrie was assigned to Calgary of the American Hockey League on Friday.
The defenseman has three points (one goal, two assists) and is averaging 15:48 of ice time in 13 games this season. He played in five of the Flames' final seven games before the break for the 4 Nations after being scratched for 31 straight games.
The 33-year-old, who signed a one-year, $1.25 million contract Oct. 3 after attending Flames training camp on a professional tryout, has 508 points (110 goals, 398 assists) in 822 regular-season games with the Flames, Predators, Oilers, Maple Leafs and Avalanche, and 21 points (two goals, 19 assists) in 47 Stanley Cup Playoff games.
Calgary also recalled forward Adam Klapka from the AHL and re-assigned defenseman Yan Kuznetsov.
The Flames next play against the San Jose Sharks on Sunday.

New York Rangers
Igor Shesterkin practiced Thursday and could play against the Sabres on Saturday (5:30 p.m. ET; MSG-B, MSG).
The Rangers announced Feb. 8 their No. 1 goalie would be out 1-2 weeks because of an upper-body injury. Shesterkin started the night before and made 23 saves in a 3-2 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins. He stayed down on the ice after a net-front scramble late in the first period but remained in the game after being checked on by a trainer.
Shesterkin is 18-19-2 with a 2.87 goals-against average, .906 save percentage and three shutouts in 39 games this season.
Rangers coach Peter Laviolette said Friday that forwards Chris Kreider, J.T. Miller and Vincent Trocheck, and defenseman Adam Fox, will meet the Rangers in Buffalo and are expected to play after skating for the United States in the 4 Nations Face-Off championship game Thursday.
Forward Mika Zibanejad, who missed Sweden's game against the United States at the 4 Nations on Monday because of an illness, practiced Friday after skating on his own Thursday.

Nashville Predators
Defenseman Adam Wilsby will miss the remainder of the season because of an upper-body injury, and forward Zachary L'Heureux will be out week to week because of an upper-body injury.
Wilsby signed a two-year, $1.55 million contract ($775,000 average annual value) with the Predators on Feb. 9. The contract begins with the 2025-26 season as a two-way contract and is a one-way contract for 2026-27. The rookie has five points (one goal, four assists) in 23 games this season. Wilsby was drafted in the fourth round (No. 101) of the 2020 NHL Draft.
Wilsby missed Nashville's final two games before the break for the 4 Nations Face-Off.
L’Heureux, drafted in the first round (No.27) of the 2021 NHL Draft, has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 45 games. Forward Mark Jankowski has been activated from injured reserve after missing nine games because of an upper-body injury.
The Predators announced earlier this week that defenseman Jeremy Lauzon will be out 4-6 months because of a lower-body injury.
Nashville recalled defenseman Jake Livingstone from Milwaukee of the AHL on Friday. Defenseman Andreas Englund is expected to replace Wilsby in the lineup when the Predators host the Avalanche on Saturday (6 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, ALT). – Robby Stanley
February-22-2025:

Seattle Kraken
Jordan Eberle returned for the Kraken when they played at the Florida Panthers on Saturday.
Eberle, a forward and Seattle captain, had been out because of a pelvis injury sustained Nov. 14. The Kraken announced Nov. 22 that surgery was performed and would keep him out at least three months.
“It’s an extended time away, and with an unknown injury and a serious injury, so he will be integrated back in ‘slowly’ as they say,” coach Dan Bylsma said. “It won’t be a full workload, but it is one where not having him for so long, he has an effect on our team, it is cleary evident. We’re happy to have him back in our lineup.’’
Eberle spent five days practicing with Coachella Valley of the American Hockey League before joining the Kraken in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, for three days of practices.
“He commented how our practice three days ago wasn’t as difficult for him as it was for some other guys because he has been skating,” Bylsma said. “The physical play, the grind of a 1-on-1 battle is going to be an extra toll on him. You can’t get that in practice, you get it in the game. But the skating and legs, he’s been hard at it for a number of days.’’
Eberle has 11 points (six goals, five assists) in 17 games this season. -- George Richards

Pittsburgh Penguins
Sidney Crosby was in the lineup for an 8-3 loss to the Washington Capitals at PPG Paints Arena in Pittsburgh on Saturday, scoring one goal in 19:57 of ice time.
The center played all four games for Canada at the 4 Nations Face-Off, including 19:13 in a 3-2 overtime win against the United States in the championship game Thursday. But he had missed the Penguins' two games prior to the break for the 4 Nations because of an upper-body injury.
Crosby did not practice Friday.
Coach Mike Sullivan, who was U.S. coach, said he was under the impression Crosby's injury did not worsen during the best-on-best tournament.
"Sid and I talked briefly on the plane coming back here this morning," Sullivan said. "Right now we'll probably make him a game-time decision. He was obviously excused from practice today, but he's feeling good.
"He obviously played extremely well, which you guys witnessed. But in my short conversations with him, he felt pretty good from a health standpoint and where he's at. So, that's encouraging."
Evgeni Malkin returned from a lower-body injury that sidelined him for six games and had an assist in 12:48 of ice time. Right wing Bryan Rust did not play after becoming ill on Friday night. -- Wes Crosby

Florida Panthers
Matthew Tkachuk did not play against the Kraken on Saturday because of a lower-body injury.
The forward was injured while playing for the U.S. at the 4 Nations Face-Off.
Panthers coach Paul Maurice did not have a timeline on Tkachuk’s potential return.
“He is going to get looked at Sunday and Monday,” Maurice said. “We’re going to have our people get their hands on him, and then we’ll have a real clear plan after that. … We’re going to let it settle down the next few days, get iced down, and then he’ll get looked at.”
Tkachuk sat out the final 12:36 of the third period against Canada on Feb. 15, didn't play against Sweden on Monday and was limited to 6:47 of ice time in the 3-2 overtime loss to Canada in the championship game Thursday.
He did not play in the third period or overtime.
Forwards Sam Reinhart and Sam Bennett, who helped Canada win the championship, did not participate in the morning skate but did play Saturday. -- George Richards

Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes will miss his fifth straight game with an undisclosed injury for the Canucks at the Vegas Golden Knights on Saturday (10 p.m. ET; SCRIPPS, CITY, SN, CBC), coach Rick Tocchet said.
The defenseman returned to practice this week, in a noncontact jersey Tuesday and a regular jersey Wednesday. He leads Vancouver with 59 points (14 goals, 45 assists) in 47 games while averaging 25:18 of ice time.
Vancouver (26-18-11) won three straight and six of eight (6-1-1) before the 4 Nations break despite missing Hughes for the final four games.
Tocchet also said forward Elias Pettersson will be game-time decision after playing for Sweden at the 4 Nations Face-Off. Pettersson has 34 points (11 goals, 23 assists) in 49 games. -- Paul Delos Santos

Edmonton Oilers
Connor McDavid was in the lineup against the Philadelphia Flyers on Saturday, a 6-3 Oilers loss.
The center, who scored the championship-winning goal for Canada in its 3-2 overtime win against the U.S. at the 4 Nations Face-Off on Thursday, was traveling from Boston on Friday and missed practice.
Coach Kris Knoblauch said McDavid isn't a fan of missing time if he's available.
“I think we're going to get the same player that we always have,” coach Kris Knoblauch said. “He's very highly competitive, one of the best, almost every single night, and ready to help our team. Sometimes you worry about the player not having a break. All these other players had a break, but with Connor, I don't think I could force him. I don't think I could keep him away from the rink, just because he's always wanting to be part of the team and help contribute and not get any special treatment.”
Forward Matt Savoie made his NHL debut Saturday and had an assist in 13:02 of ice time. The 21-year-old is third among American Hockey League rookies with 37 points (13 goals, 24 assists) in 45 games for Bakersfield.
"We want to give him a little bit of leeway, runway, of playing and seeing where he fits in, whether he's an NHL player, if he's ready to help our team," Knoblauch said. "I absolutely believe he's a player that can play in the NHL. Is he a player that's going to move the needle and make our team better? That'll be time to tell. So far he's had three practices with us and we've been very impressed with him." -- Adam Kimelman

Philadelphia Flyers
Owen Tippett, Ryan Poehling, Rasmus Ristolainen and Egor Zamula played in a 6-3 win against the Oilers on Saturday after each missed time because of upper-body injuries.
Tippett had two goals and Ristolainen had a goal and an assist.
All four practiced Thursday and Friday.
Tippett, a forward, was injured Jan. 29 and missed five games; Poehling was out 11 after the forward was injured Jan. 16. Ristolainen, a defenseman, missed three games after being injured Feb. 2, and Zamula was out eight. It will be the defenseman's first game since Jan. 23.
Jakob Pelletier’s immigration paperwork has been finalized, and the forward made his Flyers debut after being acquired in a trade with the Calgary Flames along with Andrei Kuzmenko on Jan. 30.
Forward Travis Konecny and defenseman Travis Sanheim were both in the lineup after each played for Canada at the 4 Nations Face-Off.-- Adam Kimelman

New York Rangers
Igor Shesterkin practiced Thursday and started against the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday.
The Rangers announced Feb. 8 their No. 1 goalie would be out 1-2 weeks because of an upper-body injury. Shesterkin started the night before and made 23 saves in a 3-2 loss to the Penguins. He stayed down on the ice after a net-front scramble late in the first period but remained in the game after being checked on by a trainer.
Shesterkin is 18-19-2 with a 2.87 goals-against average, .906 save percentage and three shutouts in 39 games this season.
Forwards Chris Kreider, J.T. Miller and Vincent Trocheck, and defenseman Adam Fox, were all in the lineup after playing for the U.S. at the 4 Nations Face-Off.
Forward Mika Zibanejad, who missed Sweden's game against the U.S. at the 4 Nations on Monday because of an illness, practiced Friday after skating on his own Thursday and was in the lineup against the Sabres.

Buffalo Sabres
Jordan Greenway returned from a middle-body injury when the Sabres played the Rangers on Saturday.
The forward, who had surgery for the injury in December, had missed 23 games. He missed 10 games from Nov. 15-Dec. 8 because of the injury, returned Dec. 9 but played four games before leaving the lineup again.
"All plans are that he's ready to go," coach Lindy Ruff said.
Greenway skated at left wing with center Dylan Cozens and right wing Jack Quinn during practice this week.
He has seven points (three goals, four assists) in 20 games.
Mattias Samuelsson was in the lineup after being out the final two games before the break with a broken bone in his foot. The defenseman sustained the injury blocking a shot during a 4-3 win against the Devils on Feb. 2 but did not miss a shift.
"The foot just blew up, I couldn't really put it in my skate," Samuelsson said. "Let it heal before break, came back and [it's] fine."
Beck Malenstyn also played after missing one game because of back spasms. The forward left during the second period of a 3-2 win against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Feb. 4. He rejoined the Sabres at practice Wednesday after skating on his own Tuesday.
"He's feeling good injury-wise, and he dealt with the flu bug, too, at the same time," Ruff said. "He looks like he's in a good place."
Malenstyn practiced at his usual spot at left wing on the fourth line. -- Heather Engel

New Jersey Devils
Nico Hischier returned against the Dallas Stars on Saturday.
"The plan is playing tomorrow," the Devils captain said Friday. "I felt better again today [during practice], and I'm just trying to get back into the game mindset."
The center was placed on injured reserve Feb. 6, retroactive to Jan. 25, and missed six games because of an oblique injury. He participated in all three practices this week.
Center Jack Hughes also played after representing the U.S. at the 4 Nations Face-Off.
“When Jack’s in the lineup he wants to play, and as a coach you want to play him,” coach Sheldon Keefe said. “He made the decision to come out here and be with the group (at the skate) this morning and he’s excited to get going. We have one game in five days coming out of this back-to-back, so we’ll find time to get him some rest after this. But right now, we’re going to need him.”
The Devils visit the Nashville Predators on Sunday.
Goalie Jacob Markstrom, who was placed on injured reserve Tuesday, was on the ice for some work prior to practice for the second time this week. He sustained a sprained MCL in his knee during a 5-1 win against the Boston Bruins on Jan. 22 and was expected to miss 4-6 weeks.
"He's progressing," Keefe said. "He got a full goalie session today, his second practice now. He's been out for the early portion as scheduled before leaving the ice. He's not building up a full workload yet so he's not close to playing at this point. But he's certainly making his way to being closer to a full practice participant and that'll be the next step for him." -- Mike G. Morreale

Nashville Predators
Adam Wilsby will miss the remainder of the season because of an upper-body injury, and Zachary L'Heureux will be out week to week because of an upper-body injury.
Wilsby, a defenseman, signed a two-year, $1.55 million contract ($775,000 average annual value) with the Predators on Feb. 9. The contract begins with the 2025-26 season as a two-way contract and is a one-way contract for 2026-27. The rookie has five points (one goal, four assists) in 23 games this season. Wilsby, who was selected in the fourth round (No. 101) of the 2020 NHL Draft, missed Nashville's final two games before the break for the 4 Nations Face-Off.
Defenseman Andreas Englund replaced Wilsby in the lineup when the Predators hosted the Colorado Avalanche on Saturday.
L’Heureux, a forward who was selected in the first round (No.27) of the 2021 NHL Draft, has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 45 games.
Forward Mark Jankowski was activated from injured reserve after missing nine games because of an upper-body injury.
The Predators announced earlier this week defenseman Jeremy Lauzon will be out 4-6 months because of a lower-body injury.
Nashville recalled defenseman Jake Livingstone from Milwaukee of the AHL on Friday. – Robby Stanley

Toronto Maple Leafs
Auston Matthews and Mitch Marner each played against the Carolina Hurricanes on Saturday.
Neither forward practiced Friday after playing in the 4 Nations Face-Off championship game Thursday, which Canada won 3-2 in overtime against the United States.
Marner had two assists, including on the overtime goal by McDavid and was plus-2 in 18:00 of ice time. Matthews had two assists and was plus-1 in 20:47 of ice time for the U.S.
"They played the games, but they had time off there too from a physical standpoint," Maple Leafs coach Craig Berube said. "But there's a lot put into that game by both teams and players. I think emotionally it will be interesting to see. I think it's a mental grind to be in that environment shift after shift."
Forward Max Pacioretty did not play Saturday while he continues to deal with "tightness." He skated prior to practice Friday.
"Didn't feel good enough with what happened the other day," Berube said. "He needs to get relief. It's not so much of an injury I don't believe, it's that he's got some tightness and things like that. He could come in tomorrow and feel a lot better. He said he felt better today which is good but just not capable of getting out there and practicing just yet."
Forward Connor Dewar missed his eighth straight game Saturday. He could return Sunday against the Chicago Blackhawks. -- Dave McCarthy

Winnipeg Jets
Adam Lowry returned against the St. Louis Blues on Saturday after missing eight games with an upper-body injury.
The Jets captain was injured Jan. 20 when was limited to 5:18 of ice time against the Utah Hockey Club.
Winnipeg (39-14-3), riding an eight-game winning streak, has not lost since the forward has been out of the lineup.
Lowry has 26 points (11 goals, 15 assists) in 48 games this season and is plus-17.
"We knew it was going to be a big hole (to fill)," coach Scott Arniel said. "But we talked to the group about when we did it early in the year when we lost all our defense and we had to go deep with our defensemen right from the start of training camp. Guys stepped up and played through their roles, bigger minutes, bigger responsibilities.
“It was the same thing for our forwards, whether that was bigger penalty kill minutes for some guys, whether that was face-off, [defensive]-zone face-off, more opportunities to take more draws, go head-to-head against other teams' top lines. It wasn't just one guy, it was cumulative. There was a bunch of different guys that had to pick up some of that ice that Adam eats up each and every game."
Connor Hellebuyck and Josh Morrissey did not play Saturday.
Hellebuyck played for the U.S. and Morrissey for Canada at the 4 Nations Face-Off.
"They're flying back to Winnipeg right now and won't be going to St. Louis," Arniel said Friday.
Morrissey, a defenseman, did not play Thursday because of an illness. Hellebuyck, who started in goal, had been sick earlier in the week. -- Lou Korac

Ottawa Senators
Brady Tkachuk did not play against the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday
Jake Sanderson, like Tkachuk a game-time decision, was in the lineup.
Tkachuk, a forward, and Sanderson, a defenseman, each represented the U.S. at the 4 Nations Face-Off and played in the 3-2 overtime loss to Canada on Thursday.
"Well, I've talked to them briefly,” Senators coach Travis Green said after the morning skate. “Obviously, they're down a little bit from losing. … I was proud of them. They both performed exceptionally. Jake found a way to get in, played great going in. Not surprising at all. Brady had an outstanding tournament, obviously."
Green would not divulge any potential lines or pairings for Saturday, but Tim Stutzle and Claude Giroux took reps on the first line at the morning skate with defenseman Jacob Bernard-Docker as a placeholder on left wing, seemingly for Tkachuk. Thomas Chabot practiced on the first defense pair with Artem Zub, Sanderson’s normal partner.
Defenseman Nick Jensen (undisclosed), also a game-time decision, was in the lineup.
Centers Josh Norris (mid body) and Shane Pinto (upper body) did not play. Norris has missed four games since Feb. 1; Pinto has missed two since Feb. 4.
"They had the day off the ice today and back at it tomorrow,” Green said. “Hopefully they're back sooner than later." -- Callum Fraser

St. Louis Blues
Colton Parayko is in the lineup against the Winnipeg Jets on Saturday and will play against the Colorado Avalanche on Sunday.
The defenseman played all four games at the 4 Nations Face-Off to help Canada win the best-on-best tournament, including 17:49 in a 3-2 overtime win against the United States in the championship game Thursday.
"He's going to play both games, and he's going to play 24 minutes," St. Louis coach Jim Montgomery said Friday, alluding to Parayko's average ice time (24:13). "He's a physical specimen, he takes care of himself so well and he loves to compete, loves being a Blue.
"Thankfully he's only averaging 18 minutes there [at 4 Nations]."
Parayko was plus-1 with six shots on goal in 19:12 of ice time per game at the tournament.
Joel Hofer started in goal against the Jets, leaving Jordan Binnington, who made 31 saves for Canada on Thursday, likely to start Sunday.
Montgomery said Parayko and Binnington will get needed rest in between the coming days with the Blues coming out of the break playing six games in nine days.
"We're going to have to look to definitely give them more rest," he said. "They're going to have to play games for us, we know that. But if we're coming in, maybe we tell them to stay home a couple days so that they can regenerate the batteries because not only have they not had the break that we all had, but they're playing real intense ... the game [Thursday was] emotional, it's physically and mentally draining. They need a break from that." -- Lou Korac

Montreal Canadiens
Emil Heineman made his return from an upper-body injury against the Senators on Saturday.
The 23-year-old rookie forward missed 14 games after being hit by a car as a pedestrian in Salt Lake City on Jan. 13, one day before a game at the Utah Hockey Club.
"I just want to get back into things as quickly as possible,” Heineman said. “Try to not make it too complicated out there and get back into timing, stuff like that. I just want to get out there and help, help the team, and play."
Heineman, who has 17 points (10 goals, seven assists) in 41 games this season, played left wing on the fourth line alongside Jake Evans and Joel Armia.
“You can see how valuable he is to our group,” Canadiens forward Brendan Gallagher said of Heineman on Friday. “I think he really balanced our four lines. He does a lot for us and we’re happy to see him back. You can kind of laugh about it now -- the guy got hit by a car. It’s kind of unfortunate. There’s not much you can do it about.
“Glad he’s OK, to be honest. … He’s a big strong guy; I guess that’s what it took to take him out.” -- Callum Fraser

Utah Hockey Club
Sean Durzi will return against the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday (9 p.m. ET; FDSNW, Utah16) after missing 52 games because of a shoulder injury.
The defenseman was injured in a 3-0 loss at the New Jersey Devils on Oct. 14 and had surgery on his right shoulder. He was expected to miss 4-6 months.
Durzi had two assists in four games prior to the injury after leading all Arizona Coyotes defensemen last season with 41 points (nine goals and 32 assists) in 76 games. He was acquired by the Coyotes in a trade with the Kings on June 24, 2023, and signed a four-year, $24 million contract ($6 million average annual value) on June 30, 2024. -- Dan Greenspan

New York Islanders
Noah Dobson was a full participant at practice for the Islanders on Saturday.
The 25-year-old defenseman has missed nine games since sustaining a lower-body injury in a 3-1 win against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Jan. 20.
Dobson remains on long-term injured reserve and is ineligible to play against the Stars on Sunday (7:30 p.m. ET; Victory +, MSGSN). Any player on LTIR must miss 10 games.
There is no timeline on Dobson’s return to the lineup.
“No, not yet. We’ll see how he feels,” coach Patrick Roy said Saturday. “But I would say for all the guys that have been hurt, they're progressing very well, which is good for us.”
Defensemen Scott Mayfield (lower body) and Ryan Pulock (upper body), who are on injured reserve, were full participants at practice and could play Sunday.
“We'll see how it goes tomorrow morning, and if they're ready to play, then they'll jump in,” Roy said.
Defenseman Dennis Cholowski cleared waivers Friday. -- Stefen Rosner

Calgary Flames
Tyson Barrie was assigned to Calgary of the AHL on Friday.
The defenseman has three points (one goal, two assists) and is averaging 15:48 of ice time in 13 games this season. He played in five of the Flames' final seven games before the break for the 4 Nations after being scratched for 31 straight games.
The 33-year-old, who signed a one-year, $1.25 million contract Oct. 3 after attending Flames training camp on a professional tryout, has 508 points (110 goals, 398 assists) in 822 regular-season games with the Flames, Predators, Oilers, Maple Leafs and Avalanche, and 21 points (two goals, 19 assists) in 47 Stanley Cup Playoff games.
Calgary also recalled forward Adam Klapka from the AHL and re-assigned defenseman Yan Kuznetsov.
The Flames next play Sunday against the San Jose Sharks.
February-23-2025:


New York Islanders
Defensemen Ryan Pulock and Scott Mayfield will return from injury against the Dallas Stars on Sunday (7:30 p.m. ET, Victory+, MSGSN).
Pulock, who missed seven games with an upper-body injury, has 16 points (three goals, 13 assists) and is plus-7 in 48 games while averaging 21:55 of ice time. He will be paired with Scott Perunovich.
“It’s tough when you're missing time,” Pulock said. “Fortunately for me, the two-week break was huge. So, it feels good the last few days to be back with the team and back getting ready to play.”
Mayfield (lower body), who will be paired with Adam Pelech, was out four games. He has seven points (two goals, five assists) and is plus-14 in 50 games while averaging 17:33.
Defenseman Mike Reilly, who underwent a heart procedure Nov. 19 and is out indefinitely, participated in the morning skate. He has not been cleared for contact.
“Things are going well, that's all I'm going to say,” Islanders coach Patrick Roy said. "He hasn't really practiced with the team. If we had a regular practice, he probably would not be on the ice, but because it was an option, he went on the ice. I'm sure we'll know more, but he’s progressing very well.”
Defenseman Noah Dobson, who has missed the past nine games, was a full participant for a second straight day and is eligible to be activated from long-term injured reserve Monday. -- Stefen Rosner

Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes will miss his sixth straight game with an undisclosed injury at the Utah Hockey Club on Sunday (8 p.m. ET; Utah16, SNP).
The Canucks defenseman returned to practice this past week in a noncontact jersey Tuesday and a regular jersey Wednesday. He leads Vancouver with 59 points (14 goals, 45 assists) in 47 games while averaging 25:18 of ice time.
Vancouver (26-19-11) won three straight and six of eight (6-1-1) before the 4 Nations break despite missing Hughes for the final four games. The Canucks lost 3-1 at the Vegas Golden Knights on Saturday.
Elias Pettersson, who played for Sweden at the 4 Nations Face-Off, was in the lineup Saturday after being a game-time decision. He had one shot on goal in 15:59.

Tampa Bay Lightning
J.J. Moser returned against the Seattle Kraken on Sunday after missing 28 games with a lower-body injury.
The defenseman has 10 points (two goals, eight assists) and is plus-13 in 27 games this season. He was paired with Victor Hedman during practices this week.
"The plan is to play," Moser said. "It's going to be about nine-and-a-half weeks from game to game. That's a fair amount of time. It's been an interesting process, just adapting to not being able to play with your teammates during the middle of the season."
It's the first time the 24-year-old missed an extended period of time in his NHL career. He played 80 games for the Arizona Coyotes last season and all 82 in 2022-23.
"I think the most important thing right now leading into the postseason is to get in a groove," Moser said. "Postseason is all about who is in the best form, who has momentum, and building from there." -- Corey Long

Calgary Flames
Connor Zary and Kevin Bahl could each return from injury against the San Jose Sharks on Sunday (8 p.m. ET; SNW, NBCSCA).
"We shall see," Flames coach Ryan Huska said. "They're both still on [injured reserve], but we're expecting to take them off later today."
Zary has missed 15 games because of a lower-body injury the forward sustained in a 3-2 overtime win against the Anaheim Ducks on Jan. 7. He has 22 points (10 goals, 12 assists) in 40 games this season.
"I definitely feel good to kind of get back at it and get with the group and be skating over the last week and feeling it out again and getting ready to go," said Zary, who would return on a line with Mikael Backlund and Blake Coleman. "Obviously I'm really excited to get that going and get with the guys and move in that direction."
Bahl has missed eight games because of an upper-body injury the defenseman sustained Jan. 25. He has 14 points (two goals, 12 assists) in 47 games and is third on the team in ice time per game (21:18). He would return to the Flames' top defense pair alongside Rasmus Andersson.
"They're important pieces to our team," Huska said. "We've talked a lot about Connor, since he's been out really. His game was starting to really come on the offensive side of things. He was controlling the play a lot and creating a lot of dangerous opportunities for our group. He's got a presence, right?
"You can say the same thing about Kevin on the back end. Presence is a funny word when you're his size, but he does a lot of things to solidify the six (defensemen), for sure. We're excited to have them back when they're ready." -- Aaron Vickers

Utah Hockey Club
Logan Cooley is a game-time decision against the Canucks on Sunday (8 p.m. ET; Utah16, SNP).
The 20-year-old forward has missed seven games with a lower-body injury. Cooley returned to practice in a noncontact jersey Tuesday and has been day to day since. He is tied for second on the team in points (43) and is third in both goals (15) and assists (28).
Utah (24-24-9) is 3-3-1 without Cooley, including a 5-3 loss at the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday.
Juuso Valimaki was placed on waivers Sunday. The 26-year-old defenseman has five points (two goals, three assists) in 43 games and represented Finland at the 4 Nations Face-Off. -- Matt Komma

San Jose Sharks
Alexander Wennberg and Nico Sturm will each return against the Flames on Sunday (8 p.m. ET; SNW, NBCSCA).
Wennberg missed four games because of an upper-body injury; he has 23 points (eight goals, 15 assists) in 52 games. He is expected to center the Sharks’ second line with Fabian Zetterlund and Will Smith.
Sturm, who was activated from injured reserve Friday, missed eight games because of a lower-body injury. He has 11 points (five goals, six assists) 41 games and will center the third line between Collin Graf and Luke Kunin.
"It's important, right? Especially the position they play," coach Ryan Warsofsky said. "In this league, you need centers. Sturm has obviously established himself as a really good center. He was playing, I think, his best hockey of his career before he got hurt, one of our most consistent forwards.
"Wennberg brings us a level of hockey IQ that is really high and has a skill level that he can make plays. He plays with pace. He's really, really effective for us. He's a leader in a sense where he can help his linemates. We're very fortunate to get both those guys back tonight." -- Aaron Vickers

Florida Panthers
Matthew Tkachuk did not play in a 2-1 loss to the Kraken on Saturday because of a lower-body injury.
The forward was injured while playing for the U.S. at the 4 Nations Face-Off.
Panthers coach Paul Maurice did not have a timeline on Tkachuk’s potential return.
“He is going to get looked at Sunday and Monday,” Maurice said Saturday. “We’re going to have our people get their hands on him, and then we’ll have a real clear plan after that. … We’re going to let it settle down the next few days, get iced down, and then he’ll get looked at.”
Tkachuk sat out the final 12:36 of the third period against Canada on Feb. 15, didn't play against Sweden on Monday and was limited to 6:47 of ice time in the 3-2 overtime loss to Canada in the championship game Thursday. He did not play in the third period or overtime.
Tkachuk has 57 points (22 goals, 35 assists) in 52 games this season. -- George Richards
February-24-2025:

Florida Panthers
The Panthers are not concerned about the severity of Matthew Tkachuk's lower-body injury, coach Paul Maurice said Monday.
The forward, who has 57 points (22 goals, 35 assists) in 52 games, continues to be evaluated by team medical personnel. Maurice said he expected to have a better idea of Tkachuk's timeline later Monday.
"We have a pretty good idea of where it's at," Maurice said after practice. "We need to make sure everyone looks at the pictures the same way. We are always vague on these before we get the [medical] report because there is always a chance that there's something unusual. We don't think there is. We're not worried about it."
Tkachuk was injured while playing for the United States at the 4 Nations Face-Off. After sitting out the final 12:36 of the third period against Canada on Feb. 15, he did not play against Sweden on Feb. 17. Tkachuk was in the starting lineup for the championship game against Canada on Thursday but was limited to 6:47 of ice time and did not play in the third period or overtime of a 3-2 loss to Canada.
Maurice said the Panthers (34-21-3) plan to make a roster move before their game at the Nashville Predators on Tuesday (8 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, SCRIPPS), but it is not because of Tkachuk's injury. Eetu Luostarinen and his wife are expecting their first child, so the forward will not travel with the team. -- George Richards
Detroit Red Wings
Andrew Copp (undisclosed) was placed on injured reserve and will not travel with the Red Wings for their game at the Minnesota Wild on Tuesday (8 p.m. ET; FDSNWIX, FDSNNO, FDSNDET).
The forward was injured in the second period of a 4-3 overtime loss to the Wild on Saturday and was unavailable for a 5-4 overtime win against the Anaheim Ducks on Sunday. There is no timeline for his return.
"We will know a lot more tomorrow, but it looks like it might be longer than we anticipated," Detroit coach Todd McLellan said after practice Monday.
Copp has 23 points (10 goals, 13 assists) in 56 games this season.
Michael Rasmussen (undisclosed) will also be unavailable Tuesday after the center was injured on a hit from Ducks forward Trevor Zegras in the second period. Zegras was suspended three games by the NHL Department of Player Safety on Monday.
The Red Wings (29-22-6) recalled center Sheldon Dries from Grand Rapids of the American Hockey League. -- Dave Hogg
Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes missed his sixth straight game with an undisclosed injury Sunday, a 2-1 loss at the Utah Hockey Club.
The Canucks defenseman and captain returned to practice in a noncontact jersey Feb. 18 and a regular jersey the next day. He leads Vancouver with 59 points (14 goals, 45 assists) in 47 games while averaging 25:18 of ice time.
The Canucks (26-20-11) won three straight and six of eight (6-1-1) before the 4 Nations break despite missing Hughes for the final four games. But they have lost their two games since returning and have scored two goals.
Vancouver visits the Los Angeles Kings on Wednesday (10 p.m. ET; MAX, truTV, TNT, SN).
February-25-2025:


Ottawa Senators
Brady Tkachuk said his lower-body injury is "nothing major," but the forward could miss his second straight game against the Winnipeg Jets on Wednesday (7 p.m. ET; SN, RDS).
"I'm feeling alright," the Senators captain said following practice Tuesday. "I think it was just a smart decision to [sit out Saturday against the Montreal Canadiens]. I didn't feel like I had the pop, and I started to feel it a little bit. I'm still hopeful to play tomorrow, but I just need to make a smart decision. I definitely don't want to reaggravate it and miss any more time."
Tkachuk confirmed he sustained the injury playing for the United States at the 4 Nations Face-Off. He skated on his own ahead of practice Tuesday, took one line rush with Claude Giroux and Tim Stutzle and then left practice, although he said that was part of the plan.
He has 44 points (21 goals, 23 assists) in 56 games for Ottawa (29-24-4), which holds the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference but has lost four in a row.
"I'm just going to continue to do everything in my power to play tomorrow and we'll see how it goes the rest of the day today and tomorrow," Tkachuk said. "Of course I want to go to battle with these guys, but I think everybody in here and Sens fans, they don't want to see something nagging and take away from my guy for the next 24, next 25 games. So, maybe take the time for one more [game] just to be ready to go, but yeah, we'll just have to wait and see."
Josh Norris, who has missed five games since sustaining a mid-body injury Feb. 1, was a full participant at practice and took reps as second-line center between David Perron and Drake Batherson. Shane Pinto who has missed three games since sustaining an upper-body injury Feb. 4, practiced in a noncontact jersey as fourth-line center between Matthew Highmore and Adam Gaudette.
Coach Travis Green said he's hopeful Norris will play Wednesday, and Pinto is "closer than he was yesterday." -- Callum Fraser

Minnesota Wild
Joel Eriksson Ek (lower body) is week to week and was placed on injured reserve Tuesday.
The forward was injured at practice Monday, according to The Athletic. Eriksson Ek has missed 15 games this season with various lower-body injuries.
"I don't particularly know yet what happened," Minnesota coach John Hynes said. "He practiced yesterday, and later in the day I got notice from the trainers that he was going to be out. I don't know the actual extent other than it's going to be a few weeks for sure, and exactly what it is yet. It wasn't like one thing that happened where it was like, 'OK, this happened.' I was a little bit surprised when I got the news later yesterday."
Eriksson Ek has 24 points (nine goals, 15 assists) in 42 games while averaging 19:38 of ice time. He had a goal and an assist for Sweden during the 4 Nations Face-Off.
"Yeah, (Eriksson Ek is) a guy that plays a lot of key situations for us," Hynes said. "He obviously is a tremendous competitor. So again, when you lose a guy that plays as much as he plays, and the significant role that he plays, you're not counting on one person to take his spot. Someone's going to take his spot on the line per se, but you're going to have to divide up his minutes on the power play, on the penalty kill, 5-on-5. Everyone's got to do their part."
Minnesota activated Jakub Lauko from injured reserve. The forward sustained a lower-body injury Feb. 4. -- Jessi Pierce

New York Rangers
Chris Kreider did not play against the New York Islanders on Tuesday.
The forward, who represented the United States at the 4 Nations Face-Off, was a late scratch Sunday, a 5-3 win against the Pittsburgh Penguins because of an upper-body injury he sustained in an 8-2 loss against the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday.
Kreider has 21 points (17 goals, four assists) in 48 games this season.
Brennan Othmann was recalled from Hartford of the AHL on Monday. The forward, who was a first-round pick (No. 16) at the 2021 NHL Draft, played three NHL games last season.
"He's getting ready to play," Rangers coach Peter Laviolette said of Othmann. "We've still got some decisions we're making." -- Stefen Rosner

Colorado Avalanche
Valeri Nichushkin could return against the New Jersey Devils on Wednesday (9:30 p.m. ET; MSGSN, KTVD, ALT, TVAS) after missing 21 games with a lower-body injury.
The forward was a full participant in practice Tuesday, skating on a line with Jonathan Drouin and Casey Mittelstadt.
“He is a possibility for tomorrow,” Avalanche coach Jared Bednar said. "He's one of the top players in the League, so getting him back, when we get him back, will be helpful.”
Nichushkin has 17 points (11 goals, six assists) in 21 games this season for the Avalanche (33-24-2), who hold the first wild card in the West and begin a six-game homestand Wednesday.
He missed the first 17 games of the season while in Stage 3 of the NHL/NHL Players' Association Player Assistance Program, which included being suspended without pay for a minimum of six months.
“From power play to PK, from his size (6-foot-4, 210 pounds), from going to the netfront, 5-on-5 -- there’s so many things he does with that frame of his,” Drouin said. “So, it's nice to have him back. Hopefully he'll play tomorrow.” -- Ryan Boulding

Montreal Canadiens
Kirby Dach did not play against the Carolina Hurricanes on Tuesday because of a lower-body injury.
The center, who is being evaluated, played 13:43 in the Canadiens' 5-2 win at Ottawa on Saturday.
Dach has 22 points (10 goals, 12 assists) in 57 games this season. He had season-ending surgery on his right knee last season to repair his ACL and MCL after he was injured in Montreal's second game.
Owen Beck, who was recalled from Laval of the American Hockey League on Monday, took Dach's place at center on the second line with Patrik Laine and Alex Newhook.
Beck has 32 points (13 goals, 19 assists) in 47 games with Laval this season. He has no points through his first seven NHL games, including six this season.
"When [Beck] first got called up, he was a bit timid," Canadiens captain Nick Suzuki said. "I think when he got called up again, he was playing really good hockey and really showed the player he can be. Hopefully he'll be even more comfortable coming back up." -- Sean Farrell

Florida Panthers
The Panthers are not concerned about the severity of Matthew Tkachuk's lower-body injury, coach Paul Maurice said.
The forward, who has 57 points (22 goals, 35 assists) in 52 games, continues to be evaluated by team medical personnel. Maurice said Monday the team wasn't worried that it would be a long-term injury, and addressed it again Tuesday.
"He saw some people over the weekend," Maurice said prior to Florida's game at the Nashville Predators on Tuesday. "We're going to wait a few more days, get a couple more looks at him. We just don't want to be giving out reports every second day that aren't confirmed, so we'll wait on that for a few more days. He won't play here tonight."
Tkachuk was injured while playing for the U.S. at the 4 Nations Face-Off. After sitting out the final 12:36 of the third period against Canada on Feb. 15, he did not play against Sweden on Feb. 17. Tkachuk was in the starting lineup for the championship game against Canada on Thursday but was limited to 6:47 of ice time and did not play in the third period or overtime of a 3-2 loss. -- George Richards

Pittsburgh Penguins
Bryan Rust returned against the Philadelphia Flyers on Tuesday after missing three games with a lower-body injury.
The forward had two assists in a 3-2 win at the Rangers on Feb. 7, when he sustained the lower-body injury, which kept him from playing a 3-2 loss at the Flyers on Feb. 8. He was out the first two games following the break for the 4 Nations Face-Off because of an illness.
"I'm feeling a whole lot better than I did over the weekend, yeah," Rust said. "I think, for us, against a team that plays really hard, plays a hard, honest game, I think we need to match that effort."
Rust played at right wing on the first line, his usual spot, with Rickard Rakell moving back to left wing next to center Sidney Crosby. Rust is third on the Penguins with 42 points (20 goals, 22 assists), behind Crosby (60 points; 18 goals, 42 assists) and Rakell (49 points; 25 goals, 24 assists).
Matt Grzelcyk also played on Tuedsay after the defenseman sustained an upper-body injury on Sunday, when he was hit into the boards by Rangers forward Matt Rempe in the first period of a 5-3 loss. -- Wes Crosby
February-26-2025:


Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes will be a game-time decision for the Canucks against the Los Angeles Kings on Wednesday (10 p.m. ET; MAX, truTV, TNT, SN).
The defenseman has missed six games because of an undisclosed injury, which also caused him to miss the 4 Nations Face-Off after he was selected to play for the United States.
"He's skating out there today, and he's going to go pretty hard to see how he felt," Canucks coach Rick Tocchet said following the morning skate.
Hughes has not played since a 5-3 loss at the Dallas Stars on Jan. 31, when he had an assist to extend his point streak to eight games (five goals, seven assists).
Hughes leads NHL defensemen in assists (45) and is third in points (59).
The Canucks (26-20-11) are 3-2-1 without Hughes and enter Wednesday one point behind the Calgary Flames for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference. -- Dan Greenspan

New York Rangers
Adam Fox was placed on injured reserve on Wednesday with an upper-body injury and will be out indefinitely.
The defenseman was injured at 3:16 of the third period of a 5-1 win against the New York Islanders on Tuesday, when he got tangled with Islanders forward Kyle MacLean and fell to the ice, landing on his left shoulder. He was called for hooking on the play.
Fox immediately grabbed his left shoulder after hitting the ice. He did not move his left arm as he quickly skated off the ice and went down the tunnel to the locker room.
The injury is not considered to be season-ending.
Fox is second on the Rangers and tied for fourth among NHL defensemen with 48 points (five goals, 43 assists) in 58 games this season.
The Rangers recalled defenseman Matthew Robertson from Hartford of the American Hockey League to take Fox's place.
Defenseman K'Andre Miller also sustained a lower-body injury in the second period against the Islanders.
There has been no update on his status.
The Rangers next play the Toronto Maple Leafs on Friday (7 p.m. ET; MSGSN, NHLN, SNO, TVAS). -- Dan Rosen

Colorado Avalanche
Valeri Nichushkin returned against the New Jersey Devils on Wednesday after missing 21 games with a lower-body injury.
The forward had been a full participant at practice Tuesday, skating on a line with Jonathan Drouin and Casey Mittelstadt.
"It can't be underestimated how much he means to this team," defenseman Cale Makar said Wednesday. "Obviously, he does so much for us, eats a lot of minutes and then plays up into lineup in every situation. So it'll be a huge addition for us, and hopefully he's back to Valeri form. He looks pretty good out there."
Nichushkin has 17 points (11 goals, six assists) in 21 games this season. He missed the first 17 games of the season while in Stage 3 of the NHL/NHL Players' Association Player Assistance Program, which included being suspended without pay for a minimum of six months.
"From power play to PK, from his size (6-foot-4, 210 pounds), from going to the netfront, 5-on-5 -- there's so many things he does with that frame of his," Drouin said Tuesday. "So, it's nice to have him back." -- Ryan Boulding

Ottawa Senators
Brady Tkachuk missed his second straight game for the Senators when they played the Winnipeg Jets on Wednesday.
The forward confirmed he sustained a lower-body injury while playing for the United States at the 4 Nations Face-Off. He skated on his own ahead of practice Tuesday, took one line rush with Claude Giroux and Tim Stutzle, and then left practice, although he said that was part of the plan.
"I think it was just a smart decision to [sit out Saturday against the Montreal Canadiens]," Tkachuk said following practice Tuesday. "I didn't feel like I had the pop, and I started to feel it a little bit. … So, maybe take the time for one more [game] just to be ready to go, but yeah, we'll just have to wait and see."
Tkachuk has 44 points (21 goals, 23 assists) in 56 games this season.
Forwards Josh Norris and Shane Pinto also did not play Wednesday.
Norris has missed the past six games since sustaining a mid-body injury Feb. 1. Pinto has missed four games since sustaining an upper-body injury Feb. 4.
"Brady wants to play, he always wants to play," Ottawa coach Travis Greene said. "So do all of our hurt guys. But between the players and the medical staff, we decide what's best for the player." -- Callum Fraser

Nashville Predators
Roman Josi is being evaluated and is day to day with an upper body injury.
The defenseman was boarded by Florida Panthers forward Sam Bennett in a 4-1 loss on Tuesday. Josi did not play in the third period and his status for Thursday's game against the Winnipeg Jets (8 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, TSN3) is unclear.
The Predators rotated defense pairs at practice Wednesday, and Jake Livingstone could enter the lineup if Josi isn't able to play on Thursday.
"I'm not a doctor," Predators coach Andrew Brunette said. "I don't really know. Obviously with those things, it's day to day. Could be week to week. It could be season-ending. We don't really know yet."
Josi has 38 points (nine goals, 29 assists) in 53 games. The Predators are already without defensemen Jeremy Lauzon (lower body) and Adam Wilsby (upper body), who are each out for the remainder of the season. -- Robby Stanley

New York Islanders
Noah Dobson is expected to return to the lineup against the Boston Bruins on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; MSGSN, NESN, TVAS).
The defenseman, who is currently on long-term injured reserve, has missed 11 games after he sustained a lower-body injury in a 3-1 loss against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Jan. 20.
"He's been working really hard in practice, so I'm not very nervous [to have him back in]," Islanders coach Patrick Roy said. "What I want to see is him just controlling the puck, jumping in on the rush, defending well, and doing the things that he's been doing very well since he's been here."
Dobson has 24 points (six goals, 18 assists) in 46 games, averaging 24:01 minutes per game.
Roy said that defenseman Scott Perunovich, who was acquired from the St. Louis Blues on Jan. 27 for a conditional fifth-round pick at the 2026 NHL Draft, will come out of the lineup.
Forward Hudson Fasching, who hasn't played since he sustained an upper-body injury in a 5-4 overtime win against the Bruins on Jan. 5, will play, replacing forward Pierre Engvall. -- Stefen Rosner

Toronto Maple Leafs
Chris Tanev is day to day with an upper-body injury and will not play for the Maple Leafs against the New York Rangers on Friday (7 p.m. ET; MSGSN, NHLN, SNO, TVAS).
The defenseman left a 5-4 overtime win against the Boston Bruins after only two shifts and 49 seconds of ice time and did not practice Wednesday.
"Day to day, that's good news so we're happy with that," coach Craig Berube said Wednesday.
Philippe Myers, who has been a healthy scratch the past three games, will replace Tanev in the lineup against the Rangers.
Forward William Nylander played 21:21 against the Bruins but did not take a shift in overtime. His status against the Rangers Friday is uncertain.
"More of a maintenance day for him today, I know he didn't finish the game, but I didn't see anything out of that. He would've had the day off anyways," Berube said.
Forward Max Pacioretty practiced on a line with center Connor Dewar and right wing Alex Steeves Wednesday. Pacioretty has missed the past three games with "tightness" according to Berube and is a possibility to return against the Rangers. -- Dave McCarthy

Minnesota Wild
Joel Eriksson Ek (lower body) is week to week and was placed on injured reserve Tuesday.
The forward was injured at practice Monday, The Athletic reported. Eriksson Ek has missed 15 games this season with various lower-body injuries.
"I don't particularly know yet what happened," Minnesota coach John Hynes said. "He practiced yesterday, and later in the day I got notice from the trainers that he was going to be out. I don't know the actual extent other than it's going to be a few weeks for sure, and exactly what it is yet. It wasn't like one thing that happened where it was like, 'OK, this happened.' I was a little bit surprised when I got the news later yesterday."
Eriksson Ek has 24 points (nine goals, 15 assists) in 42 games while averaging 19:38 of ice time. He had a goal and an assist for Sweden during the 4 Nations Face-Off.
"Yeah, (Eriksson Ek is) a guy that plays a lot of key situations for us," Hynes said. "He obviously is a tremendous competitor. So again, when you lose a guy that plays as much as he plays, and the significant role that he plays, you're not counting on one person to take his spot. Someone's going to take his spot on the line per se, but you're going to have to divide up his minutes on the power play, on the penalty kill, 5-on-5. Everyone's got to do their part." -- Jessi Pierce

Montreal Canadiens
Kirby Dach did not play in a 4-0 win against the Carolina Hurricanes on Tuesday because of a lower-body injury.
The center, who is being evaluated, played 13:43 in the Canadiens' 5-2 victory at Ottawa on Saturday.
Dach has 22 points (10 goals, 12 assists) in 57 games this season. He had season-ending surgery on his right knee last season to repair his ACL and MCL after he was injured in Montreal's second game.
Owen Beck, who was recalled from Laval of the American Hockey League on Monday, took Dach's place at center on the second line with Patrik Laine and Alex Newhook.
Beck has 32 points (13 goals, 19 assists) in 47 games with Laval this season. He has no points through his first eight NHL games, including seven this season.
"When [Beck] first got called up, he was a bit timid," Canadiens captain Nick Suzuki said. "I think when he got called up again, he was playing really good hockey and really showed the player he can be. Hopefully he'll be even more comfortable coming back up." -- Sean Farrell
February-27-2025:

Pittsburgh Penguins
Michael Bunting was placed on injured reserve and is out indefinitely after having surgery Wednesday to remove his appendix.
The forward did not practice a day after having one assist in 13:17 of ice time during a 6-1 loss at the Philadelphia Flyers on Tuesday.
"He'll be out here for the next little while," Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said Thursday. "I don't know the timeframe at this point, but that's that."
Bunting has 29 points (14 goals, 15 assists) in 58 games this season with 15 points (nine goals, six assists) on the power play.
"He makes it hard on our opponents in a number of different ways," Sullivan said. "He also has an uncanny ability to irritate people out there. That helps the group. When you have players like that, I think it drags us into the fight and that's an important aspect of becoming a team and making sure that we're invested emotionally into the game. He's one of those guys."
Forward Emil Bemstrom was recalled from Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League and Bokondji Imama was activated off injured reserve ahead of Thursday's game against the Philadelphia Flyers. Imama was a full practice participant Wednesday after missing four games with an upper-body injury.-- Wes Crosby
New York Rangers
Adam Fox was placed on injured reserve on Wednesday with an upper-body injury and is out indefinitely.
The defenseman was injured at 3:16 of the third period in a 5-1 win at the New York Islanders on Tuesday, when he got tangled with Islanders forward Kyle MacLean and fell to the ice, landing on his left shoulder. He was called for hooking on the play.
Fox immediately grabbed his shoulder after hitting the ice. He did not move his left arm while he quickly skated off the ice and went down the tunnel to the locker room.
The injury is not considered to be season-ending.
Fox is second on the Rangers and tied for fourth among NHL defensemen with 48 points (five goals, 43 assists) in 58 games this season.
K'Andre Miller could play against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Friday (7 p.m. ET; MSGSN, NHLN, SNO, TVAS). The defenseman skated in a red, non-contact jersey but was paired with Will Borgen and on the second power-play unit with Zac Jones, Reilly Smith, Jonny Brodzinski and Will Cuylle at practice Thursday. He sustained a lower-body injury in the second period against the Islanders.
Chris Kreider (upper body) could return Friday after not playing Tuesday. The forward was on a line with Cuylle and Mika Zibanejad and the first power play.
J.T. Miller (illness) did not practice, but the forward is possible against the Maple Leafs.
Defenseman Matthew Robertson was recalled from Hartford of the American Hockey League on Wednesday. -- Dan Rosen
Florida Panthers
Matthew Tkachuk is out at least the next two games with a lower-body injury, coach Paul Maurice said.
The Panthers host to the Edmonton Oilers on Thursday in a rematch of the 2024 Stanley Cup Final. Tkachuk's former team, the Calgary Flames, visit Amerant Bank Arena on Saturday.
Maurice did not have much of a timeline other than saying Tkachuk is out near term. The forward was injured while playing for the United States at the 4 Nations Face-Off. After sitting out the final 12:36 of the third period against Canada on Feb. 15, Tkachuk did not play against Sweden on Feb. 17.
Tkachuk was in the lineup for the championship game against Canada on Feb. 20, but was limited to 6:47 of ice time and did not play in the third period or overtime of a 3-2 overtime loss.
Maurice said Tkachuk was at the Panthers training facility Thursday.
"We just don't need to hurry right now because he is not playing on the weekend," Maurice said. "We're not jamming him back into the game. We're just going to make sure we see as many people as we need to see, and we get a really good handle on how it wants to be." -- George Richards
Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes had an assist on Conor Garland's overtime goal in return from an undisclosed injury, a 3-2 win against the Los Angeles Kings at Crypto.com Arena on Wednesday.
The defenseman and captain missed six games because of an undisclosed injury.
"He's a driving force," Canucks coach Rick Tocchet said. "He has the puck possession a lot. He's not afraid to make plays. He's our star player. Not only that, I think in the dressing room, he's a calming influence for a lot of guys."
Hughes played 21:38 after not participating in line rushes during warmups, creating confusion over his availability. He was considered a game-time decision following a strenuous workout at a morning skate.
Tocchet said the lineup card including Hughes was handed in roughly 90 seconds before the deadline.
"That's probably the longest I've ever gone making a lineup," he said.
Hughes' injury kept him from playing for the United States at the 4 Nations Face-Off. His 46 assists lead the NHL at his position, and his 60 points rank third. -- Dan Greenspan
Nashville Predators
Roman Josi is being evaluated and did not play against the Winnipeg Jets on Thursday.
The defenseman is day to day with an upper-body injury. Nashville's captain was boarded by Florida Panthers forward Sam Bennett and did not play the third period of a 4-1 loss Tuesday.
"I'm not a doctor," Predators coach Andrew Brunette said. "I don't really know. Obviously with those things, it's day to day. Could be week to week. It could be season-ending. We don't really know yet."
Josi has 38 points (nine goals, 29 assists) in 53 games.
The Predators are already without defensemen Jeremy Lauzon (lower body) and Adam Wilsby (upper body), who are each out for the remainder of the season. -- Robby Stanley
New York Islanders
Noah Dobson returned against the Boston Bruins on Thursday.
The defenseman, who was on long-term injured reserve, missed 11 games with a lower-body injury sustained in a 3-1 loss tp the Columbus Blue Jackets on Jan. 20.
"He's been working really hard in practice, so I'm not very nervous [to have him back in]," Islanders coach Patrick Roy said. "What I want to see is him just controlling the puck, jumping in on the rush, defending well, and doing the things that he's been doing very well since he's been here."
Dobson has 24 points (six goals, 18 assists) in 46 games, averaging 24:01 minutes per game.
Defenseman Scott Perunovich, who was acquired from the St. Louis Blues on Jan. 27 for a conditional fifth-round pick at the 2026 NHL Draft, was not inthe lineup. Hudson Fasching, a forward who hadn't played since he sustained an upper-body injury in a 5-4 overtime win against the Bruins on Jan. 5, replaced Pierre Engvall. -- Stefen Rosner
Boston Bruins
Trent Frederic is week to week with lower-body injury and did not play against the New York Islanders on Thursday.
The forward exited a 5-4 overtime loss to the Maple Leafs on Tuesday early in the second period and did not return after a hit by Jake McCabe.
Riley Tufte, who was a healthy scratch Tuesday, replaced Frederic against the Islanders.
Frederic has 15 points (eight goals, seven assists) in 57 games this season. -- Joe McDonald
Toronto Maple Leafs
Chris Tanev is day to day with an upper-body injury and will not play for the Maple Leafs at the New York Rangers on Friday (7 p.m. ET; MSGSN, NHLN, SNO, TVAS).
The defenseman left a 5-4 overtime win against the Boston Bruins after only two shifts and 49 seconds of ice time and did not practice Wednesday.
"Day to day, that's good news so we're happy with that," coach Craig Berube said Wednesday.
Philippe Myers, who has been a healthy scratch the past three games, will replace Tanev against the Rangers.
William Nylander played 21:21 against the Bruins but the forward did not take a shift in overtime. His status against the Rangers Friday is uncertain.
"More of a maintenance day for him today," Berube said. "I know he didn't finish the game, but I didn't see anything out of that. He would've had the day off anyways."
Max Pacioretty (tightness) practiced on a line with center Connor Dewar and right wing Alex Steeves Wednesday. Pacioretty has missed three games and is a possibility to return Friday. -- Dave McCarthy
February-28-2025:

Columbus Blue Jackets
Cole Sillinger will not play in the 2025 Navy Federal Credit Union Stadium Series against the Detroit Red Wings on Saturday due to an upper-body injury sustained Thursday, but coach Dean Evason said the forward may not be out long term.
Sillinger was injured in the Blue Jackets’ 5-2 win at the Red Wings on Thursday, not returning after taking a hit by Moritz Seider. His last shift ended with 6:18 left in the first period.
The 21-year-old has 29 points (nine goals, 20 assists) in 54 games this season. The Blue Jackets enter the outdoor game at Ohio Stadium on Saturday (6 p.m. ET; ESPN, ESPN+, Disney+, TVAS-D, FX-CA) tied with the Red Wings for the two wild card spots into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference.
New York Rangers
J.T. Miller and K'Andre Miller were in the lineup for the Rangers in a 3-2 loss against the Maple Leafs at Madison Square Garden on Friday, while Chris Kreider was out.
Kreider, a forward, missed the previous two games with an upper-body injury. He was a full participant in practice Thursday on a line with left wing Will Cuylle and center Mika Zibanejad and was on the ice for the optional morning skate.
J.T. Miller, a forward, did not practice Thursday because of an illness but took part in New York's optional morning skate Friday. He had an assist and won 13 of 16 face-offs in 19:42 of ice time.
K’Andre Miller, a defenseman, sustained a lower-body injury in the Rangers' 5-1 win at the New York Islanders on Tuesday and left midway through the second period after playing 10:13. He took part in practice Thursday in a noncontact jersey but was on the ice for the optional morning skate in a regular jersey on Friday. He played 23:30 against the Maple Leafs with three shots on goal.-- Dave McCarthy
Los Angeles Kings
Drew Doughty returned to the lineup for the Kings in a 6-2 loss against the Dallas Stars on Friday after missing a 3-2 overtime loss to the Vancouver Canucks on Wednesday with a lower-body injury.
Though the defenseman did not disclose specifics of his injury, he indicated to the team website Friday it's something that will need to be managed the remainder of this season.
Doughty missed the first 47 games of the season after breaking his ankle in a preseason game against the Vegas Golden Knights on Sept. 25. He made his NHL season debut on Jan. 29 before playing for Team Canada at the 4 Nations Face-Off earlier this month.
He has four points (one goal, three assists) in nine games since his return. -- Taylor Baird
Toronto Maple Leafs
Max Pacioretty has been placed on injured reserve and did not play in a 3-2 win against the Rangers on Friday.
The forward missed his fourth straight game because of tightness that began during practice after returning from the 4 Nations Face-Off break, according to coach Craig Berube.
Chris Tanev is day to day with an upper-body injury and also was not in the lineup at New York.
The defenseman left a 5-4 overtime win at the Boston Bruins on Tuesday after only two shifts and 49 seconds of ice time, and did not practice Wednesday.
Philippe Myers, who has been a healthy scratch the past three games, replaced Tanev against the Rangers and skated on a pair with Jake McCabe. Myers was plus-2 in 18:28 of ice time.
Defenseman Marshall Rifai was recalled from Toronto of the American Hockey League on Friday.
William Nylander played 21:21 against the Bruins but the forward did not take a shift in overtime. He did not practice on Wednesday but was in the lineup against the Rangers.
Nylander skated in his usual spot at right wing on a line with left wing Pontus Holmberg and center John Tavares at Toronto’s morning skate on Friday and scored his 34th goal of the season. -- Dave McCarthy

New York Islanders
Defenseman Mike Reilly has been cleared for contact.
The 31-year-old has been out of the lineup since Nov. 1 after sustaining a concussion in a 4-3 win against the Buffalo Sabres, leading to the discovery of a heart defect.
Reilly underwent a heart procedure Nov. 19; he began skating before practice and morning skates as of Jan. 2 and returned to team practice Feb. 23 wearing a regular practice jersey.
There is no timetable for when he can return.
"It's been such a tough, tough year for him in terms of hockey," Islanders forward Brock Nelson said. "But bigger picture, I think he's feeling healthy and good, and that's the most important thing. It was kind of a blessing in disguise that [the defect] was found and taken care of, and to get him back at practice is great.”
Reilly, who signed a one-year contract July 1, has no points in 11 games.
Goalie Marcus Hogberg, who has missed the past 10 games with an upper-body injury and is on injured reserve, has yet to take shots. He is skating before practice with goaltender coach Piero Greco. -- Stefen Rosner
Vancouver Canucks
Noah Juulsen will be out the rest of the regular season after having a lower-body procedure.
The defenseman, who hasn’t played since Feb. 2, has a recovery time of about 12 weeks; he had previously been listed as week to week.
The 27-year-old has no points in 35 games this season. Among Vancouver defensemen, he is first with 101 hits and third with 60 blocked shots.
Selected by the Montreal Canadiens with the No. 26 pick in the 2015 NHL Draft, Juulsen has 17 points (three goals, 14 assists) in 157 regular-season games for the Canadiens, Florida Panthers and Canucks, and no points in two Stanley Cup Playoff games.
Vancouver (27-21-11) plays at the Seattle Kraken on Saturday (10 p.m. ET; KHN, KONG, CITY, SN, CBC).
Pittsburgh Penguins
Michael Bunting was placed on injured reserve and is out indefinitely after having surgery Wednesday to remove his appendix.
The forward did not practice a day after having one assist in 13:17 of ice time during a 6-1 loss at the Philadelphia Flyers on Tuesday.
"He'll be out here for the next little while," Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said Thursday. "I don't know the timeframe at this point, but that's that."
Bunting has 29 points (14 goals, 15 assists) in 58 games this season with 15 points (nine goals, six assists) on the power play.
"He makes it hard on our opponents in a number of different ways," Sullivan said. "He also has an uncanny ability to irritate people out there. That helps the group. When you have players like that, I think it drags us into the fight and that's an important aspect of becoming a team and making sure that we're invested emotionally into the game. He's one of those guys."
Pittsburgh hosts the Boston Bruins on Saturday (3 p.m. ET; ABC, ESPN+, TVAS). -- Wes Crosby
Florida Panthers
Matthew Tkachuk is out at least the next two games with a lower-body injury, coach Paul Maurice said Friday.
The Panthers defeated the Edmonton Oilers 4-3 on Thursday in a rematch of the 2024 Stanley Cup Final. Tkachuk's former team, the Calgary Flames, visits Amerant Bank Arena on Saturday (3 p.m. ET; SCRIPPS, SN).
Maurice did not have much of a timeline other than saying Tkachuk is out near term. The forward was injured while playing for the United States at the 4 Nations Face-Off. After sitting out the final 12:36 of the third period against Canada on Feb. 15, Tkachuk did not play against Sweden on Feb. 17.
Tkachuk was in the lineup for the championship game against Canada on Feb. 20, but was limited to 6:47 of ice time and did not play in the third period or overtime of a 3-2 overtime loss.
"We just don't need to hurry right now because he is not playing on the weekend," Maurice said. "We're not jamming him back into the game. We're just going to make sure we see as many people as we need to see, and we get a really good handle on how it wants to be." -- George Richards

Nashville Predators
Roman Josi is being evaluated and did not play in a 2-1 win against the Winnipeg Jets on Thursday.
The defenseman is day to day with an upper-body injury. Nashville's captain was boarded by Florida Panthers forward Sam Bennett and did not play the third period of a 4-1 loss Tuesday.
"I'm not a doctor," Predators coach Andrew Brunette said. "I don't really know. Obviously with those things, it's day to day. Could be week to week. It could be season-ending. We don't really know yet."
Josi has 38 points (nine goals, 29 assists) in 53 games.
The Predators are already without defensemen Jeremy Lauzon (lower body) and Adam Wilsby (upper body), who are each out for the remainder of the season. Nashville visits the New York Islanders on Saturday (12:30 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, MSGSN, NHLN). -- Robby Stanley
Boston Bruins
Trent Frederic is week to week with a lower-body injury and did not play in a 2-1 loss to the New York Islanders on Thursday.
The forward exited a 5-4 overtime loss to the Maple Leafs on Tuesday early in the second period and did not return after a hit by Jake McCabe.
Riley Tufte, who was a healthy scratch Tuesday, replaced Frederic against the Islanders.
Frederic has 15 points (eight goals, seven assists) in 57 games this season.
The Bruins play at the Penguins on Saturday (3 p.m. ET; ABC, ESPN+, TVAS). -- Joe McDonald
March-4-2025:


Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes returned to practice on Tuesday but left after 15 minutes.
Hughes, who remains day to day, sustained his latest injury in a 6-3 loss at the Seattle Kraken on Saturday, when he sat out the final 9:05 before also missing practice on Sunday. The loss to Seattle was just the third game back for the reigning Norris Trophy winner after being out for more than three weeks (six games missed).
"I told him, unless you really feel half decent in the sense, I don't want you to push it. So, he went out for 15 (minutes)," Canucks coach Rick Tocchet said. "It was a little bit of a plan. It's more important that after 15 minutes he gets off, another 24 hours, see how he feels. It's just a tough break. It's been like that for a while with Quinn, and we're going to have to manage it."
Tocchet wasn't sure if Hughes, who also missed four games with a hand injury from Dec. 28-Jan. 3, will play against the Anaheim Ducks on Wednesday (10:30 p.m. ET; SNP, KCOP-13, Victory+).
Vancouver (27-22-11) is tied with the Calgary Flames for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Western Conferece.
"I don't think it's to a point where it's threatening anything. There's a little bit of pain, but we wouldn't let him play if it was physically going to hurt him, like a long-term thing," Tocchet said. "Nobody's ever really 100 percent at this time of the year anyways, but he's a competitor, but also sometimes I've got to intervene and be the bad guy. Listen, the guy wants to play, we're in a dog fight (for the playoffs), and he's just that type of guy."
Hughes has 60 points (14 goals, 46 assists) in 50 games, which leads Vancouver and is third among NHL defensemen. He also leads the team in average ice time per game (25:07).
Tocchet said he'll discuss the possibility of a longer absence with the medical team.
"Is it better to shut him down for like seven days and do we get him for the last 15 (games)?" Tocchet said. "I don't know at this point. We've got to try to figure that out." -- Kevin Woodley

Columbus Blue Jackets
Yegor Chinakhov was activated from injured reserve and returned for the Blue Jackets at the Tampa Bay Lightning on Tuesday.
The forward had missed the previous 39 games with an upper-body injury he sustained against the Montreal Canadiens on Nov. 27. He has 14 points (seven goals, seven assists) in 21 games this season.
"I'm good right now and that's all I need," Chinakhov said after the morning skate. "I'm so happy to help my team get a playoff spot, and then just do what I can do. I want to extend the season because I missed a lot, and I just want to play in the playoffs."
A first-round pick (No. 21) by the Blue Jackets in the 2020 NHL Draft, Chinakhov has 70 points (34 goals, 36 assists) in 166 games.
Cole Sillinger (upper body) was placed on injured reserve. The forward missed Columbus’ 5-3 win against the Detroit Red Wings in the 2025 Navy Federal Credit Union NHL Stadium Series on Saturday after being injured in the game prior at Detroit on Feb. 27.
Sillinger has 29 points (nine goals, 20 assists) in 54 games this season. -- Corey Long

Edmonton Oilers
Darnell Nurse will return from an undisclosed injury against the Anaheim Ducks on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; SN1, Victory+).
The Oilers defenseman missed the last two of a five-game road trip that concluded with a 3-1 win at the Carolina Hurricanes on Saturday. He went crashing into the corner boards attempting to hit forward Mitchell Chaffee in the first period of a 4-1 loss at the Tampa Bay Lightning on Feb. 25.
Nurse was slow to get up and was seen laboring on the bench, although he played the rest of the game. Chaffee lost an edge right before impact and Nurse went into the boards hard with his left shoulder absorbing most of the impact.
“Hopefully, we’ll see,” Nurse said after practice Monday. “It’s not fun to watch anytime, especially a trip like that. I thought we played well in Florida (4-3 loss on Feb. 27) and then had a great team game in Carolina. They’re tough to watch, but it’s a lot of fun when you see guys going out there and making huge plays like we did in Carolina.”
Nurse has 22 points (four goals, 18 assists) in 55 games while averaging 21:49 of ice time.
The 30-year-old missed three games from Nov. 18-21 following a hit by Toronto Maple Leafs forward Ryan Reaves in a 4-3 overtime loss Nov. 16. Reaves was suspended five games for an illegal check to the head. -- Derek Van Diest

New Jersey Devils
Jack Hughes did not play for the Devils against the Dallas Stars on Tuesday as the team awaits test results for his undisclosed injury.
The 23-year-old center was tripped into the end boards during a breakout while short-handed at 18:12 of the third period in a 2-0 loss at the Vegas Golden Knights on Sunday. He skated off the ice gingerly while favoring his right shoulder.
Hughes leads the Devils in goals (27), points (70), game-winning goals (seven), shots on goal (229), and average ice time per game (20:54) and is second in assists (43) behind Jesper Bratt (51).
"We don't know the full extent of it yet," coach Sheldon Keefe told the Devils website Tuesday. "We're expecting an update as a result of some tests that he's had done, but we don't have those results quite yet. Obviously, it didn’t look good. We’re going to have to take our time to know the full extent of it."
Dawson Mercer replaced Hughes on line rushes during the morning skate Tuesday, skating alongside Ondrej Palat and Tomas Tatar. -- Mike G. Morreale

Florida Panthers
Jesper Boqvist signed a two-year contract with the Panthers on Tuesday. Financial terms were not released.
The 26-year-old forward has 22 points (12 goals, 10 assists) in 59 games this season, his first with the panthers after signing a one-year contract July 1, 2024.
"Jesper has proven to be a highly competitive and dynamic forward who can be used in all situations," general manager Bill Zito said. "He fits seamlessly with our group, and we are excited to have him continue his career with the Florida Panthers."
Selected by the Devils in the second round (No. 36) of the 2017 NHL Draft, Boqvist has 91 points (46 goals, 45 assists) in 295 regular-season games for the Panthers, Boston Bruins and Devils and one assist in 14 Stanley Cup Playoff games.

Vegas Golden Knights
Forwards William Karlsson and Cole Schwindt participated in practice Tuesday in noncontact jerseys, but neither is expected to play against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Wednesday (10 p.m. ET; TNT, truTV, MAX).
Karlsson, who hasn't played since Jan. 20 because of a lower-body injury, participated in a few drills before leaving practice. He has seven goals and 11 assists in 38 games this season.
Schwindt took part in most drills; he sustained an upper-body injury Jan. 18 against the Chicago Blackhawks. Schwindt has seven assists in 45 games this season.
"They're excited to be around people. It's been a while. They're a little bit on different schedules," Golden Knights coach Bruce Cassidy said. "'Karly' was, by design, to take about two drills and then get some rest. Schwindt had a little more runway today, so we'll see how that plays out.
"That's always a good start when they're back in the group. The next step is getting them out of [noncontact jerseys] and get them fully integrated. We'll see how that goes." -- Paul Delos Santos

Seattle Kraken
Yanni Gourde is a game-time decision against the Minnesota Wild on Tuesday (10 p.m. ET; FDSNWIX, FDSNNOX, KHN, KONG) after missing 22 games to recover from sports hernia surgery.
Gourde, a center, hasn’t played since a 4-3 shootout loss to the Vancouver Canucks on Jan. 2. He has 16 points (six goals, 10 assists) in 35 games this season.
“I’m just going back to the playoffs two years ago, when he was a guy that, in a large aspect, drew the team into the playoff series and drew them into the fight,” Kraken coach Dan Byslma said. “He’s a spearhead of compete and competitiveness and energy and work. That’s all part of what Yanni brings as a player, and that’s what he’s done for our group and our team for a long time now.”
If Gourde plays, he will likely be on the fourth line between Brandon Tanev and Jordan Eberle.
The 33-year-old has 332 points (132 goals, 200 assists) in 580 regular-season games with the Tampa Bay Lightning and Kraken, and 42 points (20 goals, 22 assists) in 83 playoff games. He won back-to-back Stanley Cup championships with the Lightning in 2020 and 2021. -- Darren Brown

Pittsburgh Penguins
Tristan Jarry was recalled from Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the AHL on Monday.
The goalie returns to Pittsburgh after being placed on waivers Jan. 15 and assigned to the AHL once he cleared. Joel Blomqvist, a 23-year-old rookie goalie, was sent to Wilkes-Barre/Scranton in a corresponding move after allowing six goals on 33 shots in the Penguins’ 6-5 overtime loss to the Maple Leafs on Sunday.
Expected to be the primary starter for Pittsburgh entering training camp, Jarry is 8-8-4 with a 3.31 goals-against average and .884 save percentage in 22 NHL games (21 starts) this season.
The 29-year-old is 6-5-1 with a 2.67 GAA and .908 save percentage in 12 games across two stints with Wilkes-Barre/Scranton. He went there on a conditioning loan Oct. 26 and was 4-1-0 with a 2.16 GAA and .926 save percentage before being recalled Nov. 9.
"The previous stint (in the AHL) was as it was deemed -- conditioning,” Penguins general manager Kyle Dubas said on Jan. 15. “He really didn't go down there to try to get his big game back on track. We knew it was going to be two weeks. There's no timeline on this one. The job is now, if he were to clear, to go and earn his way back up. It's solely circumstantial with this.”
A two-time NHL All-Star (2020, 2022), Jarry is 144-93-29 in nine seasons since being selected by the Penguins in the second round (No. 44) of the 2013 NHL Draft.
He will resume a goalie tandem with Alex Nedeljkovic, who has allowed a goal on the first shot faced in each of his past three starts. In his eighth NHL season, and second in Pittsburgh, Nedeljkovic is 12-12-5 with a 3.18 GAA and .892 save percentage.
The Penguins (24-29-10), who have lost six of seven (1-5-1), visit the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; SN-PIT, ALT, SNE, TVAS). -- Wes Crosby

New York Rangers
Chris Kreider (upper body) missed his fifth straight game Monday, a 4-0 win against the New York Islanders.
The forward participated in the morning skate Sunday but did not play in a 4-0 win against the Nashville Predators. Kreider was placed on injured reserve Saturday but can be activated at any time.
The injury is not related to the back injury that Kreider dealt with earlier in the season. He has 21 points (17 goals, four assists) in 48 games this season.
Brett Berard was recalled from Hartford of the AHL and scored in the win against the Predators. The rookie forward has eight points (four goals, four assists) in 21 games with the Rangers this season. He was first recalled from Hartford on Nov. 24 and reassigned on Jan. 11.
New York (31-26-4) hosts the Washington Capitals on Wednesday (7:30 p.m. ET; MAX, truTV, TNT, MSG). -- Dan Rosen
March-5-2025:

Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes did not play against the Anaheim Ducks on Wednesday and the Canucks' No. 1 defenseman remains day to day with a lower-body injury sustained in a 6-3 loss at the Seattle Kraken on Saturday.
Hughes sat out the final 9:05 in Seattle and did not practice the following day in Vancouver. He returned Tuesday but left after 15 minutes and was not on the ice for the morning skate Wednesday.
"He'll get a bunch of treatment, and we'll go from there," coach Rick Tocchet said. "I don't know how many days but we're going to shut him down tonight and see how it is tomorrow. That's really what the injury is right now, see how it works out, see the severity. Every day, it kind of changes. He feels a bit better and then it's, can he get through a practice?"
The reigning Norris Trophy winner, voted as the NHL's top defenseman, Hughes missed six games and was out more than three weeks with an oblique injury before and after the 4 Nations Face-Off, which he was forced to miss. The game in Seattle was his third back, and Tocchet said the new injury is in part a result of compensating for the first one.
"I don't think he'll ever be 100 percent sure this year," Tocchet said. "I don't think so, but I can say that about other guys around the League, it's hard to be 100 percent at this time of the year.
"Eighty percent Quinn we'll take on our team right now, but we've also got to be careful because he wasn't himself last couple games, even defensively. If he does play, he's got to be calculated when he goes and when he doesn't and it's hard because he wants to go all the time. That's why he's such a great hockey player." -- Kevin Woodley
Vegas Golden Knights
William Karlsson and Cole Schwindt did not play against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Wednesday.
The forwards practiced Tuesday in noncontact jerseys.
Karlsson participated in a few drills before leaving. He hasn't played since Jan. 20 because of a lower-body injury.
Schwindt took part in most drills. He sustained an upper-body injury Jan. 18 against the Chicago Blackhawks.
"They're excited to be around people," Golden Knights coach Bruce Cassidy said Tuesday. "It's been a while. They're a little bit on different schedules. ''Karly' was, by design, to take about two drills and then get some rest. Schwindt had a little more runway today, so we'll see how that plays out.
"That's always a good start when they're back in the group. The next step is getting them out of [noncontact jerseys] and get them fully integrated. We'll see how that goes." -- Paul Delos Santos
Edmonton Oilers
Mattias Ekholm may not dress for the game against the Montreal Canadiens on Thursday (9 p.m. ET; RDS, TSN2, SNW) because of an illness.
The defenseman was not at practice Wednesday. He left a 6-2 loss to the Anaheim Ducks on Tuesday with 13:12 remaining in the third period.
"A little time off, maintenance," Oilers coach Kris Knoblauch said Wednesday, "and we're debating whether it's best for him to come back and play or something we've done other players, maybe a couple of days rest would be good for him. We'll find out. It's day to day and we'll determine later."
Ekholm has 27 points (eight goals, 19 assists) in 60 games and averages 22:36 of ice time on Edmonton's top defense pair with Evan Bouchard.
"Before the break, he was extremely sick and you could hear it in his voice and now with his body a little bit," Knoblauch said. "It's just a little maintenance thing. It's something he could play, but where we are in the season, it's certainly something we don't want him to prolong."
The Oilers are 3-7-0 in their past 10 games and lost four of five on a road trip immediately following the 4 Nations Face-Off. Ekholm and forward Viktor Arvidsson played for Sweden and Connor McDavid for Canada.
"I think it's important for him to know how he's feeling," Knoblauch said. "I think it's important for the doctors and medical staff give that update if he should have that time off." -- Derek Van Diest
Columbus Blue Jackets
Yegor Chinakhov returned for a 6-2 loss to the Tampa Bay Lightning on Tuesday. He was activated from injured reserve and minus-2 with two shots on goal in 13:25 after missing 39 games with an upper-body injury.
"I'm good right now and that's all I need," Chinakhov said after the morning skate Tuesday. "I'm so happy to help my team get a playoff spot, and then just do what I can do. I want to extend the season because I missed a lot, and I just want to play in the playoffs."
Cole Sillinger (upper body) was placed on injured reserve. The forward missed a 5-3 win against the Detroit Red Wings in the 2025 Navy Federal Credit Union NHL Stadium Series on Saturday after being injured in the game prior at Detroit on Feb. 27. -- Corey Long
March-6-2025:

New Jersey Devils
Dougie Hamilton will not play against the Winnipeg Jets on Friday (7 p.m. ET; MSGSN, TSN3) because of an undisclosed injury.
The defenseman was injured during the Devils' 4-3 loss at the Dallas Stars on Tuesday when he got tangled up with Stars forward Mason Marchment behind the Dallas net at 18:13 of the first period.
He was in obvious pain after the play and headed straight for the locker room on his own power and didn't return.
Hamilton leads all Devils defensemen in goals (nine), assists (31), points (40), even-strength points (25) and power-play points (15).
The Devils acquired defenseman Brian Dumoulin in a trade with the Anaheim Ducks in exchange for a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft and forward prospect Herman Traff on Thursday.
Hamilton's injury update comes a day after the Devils announced that center Jack Hughes will miss the remainder of the season after shoulder surgery on Wednesday. New Jersey has been without defenseman Jonas Siegenthaler (lower body) since Feb. 4.
The Devils are third in the Metropolitan Division, four points ahead of the Columbus Blue Jackets, who have played two fewer games. After playing Winnipeg, the Devils will next host the Blue Jackets on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNOH, MSGSN). -- Mike G. Morreale

Edmonton Oilers
Forward Max Jones will make debut with the Edmonton Oilers when they host the Montreal Canadiens at Rogers Place on Thursday (9 p.m. ET; RDS, TSN2, SNW).
Jones and forward Trent Frederic each was acquired from the Boston Bruins as part of a three-team trade also involving the New Jersey Devils on Tuesday and met their new teammates Thursday.
“When I first heard the rumblings that it was going to be Edmonton a couple of weeks back, and that they were interested, I kind of had goosebumps knowing the culture here, where the team’s been and what they’ve done and how they play as a team,” Jones said Thursday. “It was kind of a lot of racing thoughts and that it would awesome to go there.”
Jones did not have a point in seven games with Boston this season. He had 15 points (five goals, 10 assists) in 52 games with the Anaheim Ducks last season.
A native of St. Louis, Frederic had 15 points (eight goals, seven assists) in 57 games for Boston this season. He had an NHL career-high 40 points (18 goals, 22 assists) in 82 games last season.
“I had a lot of mixed emotions (on the trade), I had a feeling, I could see the writing on the wall,” Frederic said. “I had mixed emotions about leaving Boston but excited about coming to Edmonton, and I think this team and this group has a good chance of taking a run at it.”
Frederic is week to week with an ankle injury sustained against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Feb. 25.
Mattias Ekholm will not play because of an illness; the defenseman, who did not practice Wednesday, left a 6-2 loss to the Anaheim Ducks on Tuesday with 13:12 remaining in the third period. -- Derek Van Diest

Winnipeg Jets
Rasmus Kupari will not play against the Philadelphia Flyers on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; NBCSP, TSN3) and the forward is expected to miss at least seven days because of a concussion.
"We'll put him in the [concussion] protocol for now," Jets coach Scott Arniel said. "I believe it's seven days. So wait it out and see how he goes. He's on the [stationary] bike today, said he's feeling a lot better."
Kupari was injured during the third period of the Jets' 3-2 loss at the New York Islanders on Tuesday, leaving the game with 8:58 remaining.
David Gustafsson will replace Kupari at center on the fourth line, between left wing Morgan Barron and right wing Alex Iafallo. He has five points (one goal, four assists) in 28 games, and had been scratched the previous two games.
"He certainly helped us when he came in and was real consistent and played a role for us," Arniel said of Gustafsson. "He gives me another left [handed] face-off guy and also can use him on the PK. That line, if they can give us energy and give us minutes, those are big."
Defenseman Dylan Samberg will play after missing the game Tuesday because of family reasons.
"That's huge," Arniel said. "Him and [Neal Pionk] are such a good pair. They play so well together, and he's a big part of that penalty kill. He's having a real good year. ... When you lose top-four defensemen it's a big hole in your lineup, and having them back is a big plus." -- Adam Kimelman

Colorado Avalanche
Josh Manson will return to the lineup for the Avalanche against the San Jose Sharks on Thursday (9:30 p.m. ET; ESPN).
The defenseman has missed the past seven games with a lower-body injury.
"Obviously, it was good timing with the break to kind of rest a little bit and get what I needed," Manson said. "Anytime you're on the sidelines is tough, whether the team's winning or losing, right? It's always hard to sit and watch. You want to be a part of it and want to be a part of the group."
Manson played in 19 games after previously missing 12 games (Nov. 30 - Dec. 22) with an upper-body injury.
He has 13 points (one goal, 12 assists) in 43 games this season.
"It's going to be huge. Obviously, we've been without him for a long time and a little thin on the back end," Colorado coach Jared Bednar said. "And to add another guy, physical, big, strong defender, guy with a lot of experience, and then adding [Ryan] Lindgren into that mix, I'm excited to see what that group looks like."
Forward Jimmy Vesey will make his Avalanche debut after being acquired, with Lindgren, via a trade with the New York Rangers on Saturday. -- Ryan Boulding

Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes did not play in a 3-2 win against the Anaheim Ducks on Wednesday and the Canucks' No. 1 defenseman remains day to day with a lower-body injury sustained in a 6-3 loss at the Seattle Kraken on Saturday.
Hughes sat out the final 9:05 in Seattle and did not practice the following day in Vancouver. He returned Tuesday but left after 15 minutes and was not on the ice for the morning skate Wednesday.
"He'll get a bunch of treatment, and we'll go from there," coach Rick Tocchet said Wednesday. "I don't know how many days but we're going to shut him down tonight and see how it is tomorrow. That's really what the injury is right now, see how it works out, see the severity. Every day, it kind of changes. He feels a bit better and then it's, can he get through a practice?"
The reigning Norris Trophy winner, voted as the NHL's top defenseman, Hughes missed six games and was out more than three weeks with an oblique injury before and after the 4 Nations Face-Off, which he was forced to miss. The game in Seattle was his third back, and Tocchet said the new injury is in part a result of compensating for the first one.
"I don't think he'll ever be 100 percent sure this year," Tocchet said. "I don't think so, but I can say that about other guys around the League, it's hard to be 100 percent at this time of the year." -- Kevin Woodley

Nashville Predators
The Predators claimed forward Jakub Vrana (Washington Capitals) and defenseman Jordan Oesterle (Boston Bruins) off waivers on Thursday.
Vrana has 11 points (seven goals, four assists) in 26 games with the Capitals this season. The 29-year-old has 220 points (117 goals, 103 assists) in 393 regular-season games for the Capitals, St. Louis Blues, Detroit Red Wings and Capitals and eight points (three goals, five assists) in 38 Stanley Cup Playoff games. He won the Cup with Washington in 2018.
Oesterle has six points (one goal, five assists) in 22 games with the Bruins this season. The 32-year-old has 92 points (20 goals, 72 assists) in 393 regular-season games for the Bruins, Calgary Flames, Detroit Red Wings, Arizona Coyotes, Chicago Blackhawks and Edmonton Oilers and four points (one goal, three assists) in nine playoff games.
March-7-2025:
March-8-2025:


Florida Panthers
Vitek Vanecek made his Panthers debut with a shutout in a 4-0 win against the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday.
The goalie was acquired from the San Jose Sharks on Wednesday for forward Patrick Giles.
Florida is his fourth NHL team: Vanecek played two seasons with the Washington Capitals (2020-22), two with the New Jersey Devils (2022-24), and one with the Sharks.
Vanecek was supposed to start for San Jose on Tuesday in Buffalo but was held out for trade-related reasons.
"I am here to do everything I can to help the team win games," Vanecek said. "Really good guys, really good team. I hope we go as far as possible, win the Stanley Cup again." -- George Richards

Tampa Bay Lightning
Victor Hedman was not in the lineup for a 4-0 loss against the Boston Bruins on Saturday and is day to day with a lower-body injury.
The defenseman and Lightning captain played 2:57 in a 6-5 win against the Sabres on Thursday. He did not practice Friday as part of a day off for all Lightning players who participated in the 4 Nations Face-Off last month, but was on the ice for warmups before the game Saturday.
Hedman has 50 points (11 goals, 39 assists) in 61 games this season. He was replaced in the lineup by Nick Perbix. -- Corey Long

Ottawa Senators
Dylan Cozens and Dennis Gilbert were each in the lineup for a 4-3 overtime win against the New York Rangers on Saturday, one day after being acquired in a trade with the Sabres.
Cozens, a forward, had an assist and a game-high nine hits in 17:27 of ice time. He has 32 points (11 goals, 21 assists) in 62 games this season.
Gilbert, a defenseman, had three hits in 6:19. He has five assists in 25 games.
"I really wanted to be a part of the solution in Buffalo," Cozens said Friday. "I dreamt every day about being a part of a good team in Buffalo, playing in the playoffs in Buffalo, so it's tough, it's sad, for sure. But at the same time, there's a very exciting opportunity in Ottawa and I'm super excited to be a part of the Sens."

Washington Capitals
Sonny Milano sustained a "fairly significant setback" in his recovery from an upper-body injury, Capitals general manager Chris Patrick said Friday.
The forward hasn't played since being injured against the Nashville Predators on Nov. 6.
Milano was cleared for full contact practices last week, but he has not skated with the Capitals this week.
"He definitely had a setback, which is tough to see because he's been working so hard to come back," Patrick said. "We see him on the ice, but even away from the ice, he's putting in the time and he really wanted to come back and be available for the playoffs and I think in pushing to do that he had a fairly significant setback last week. So, it's kind of back to the drawing board a little bit with him. So, really hard to see. He's torn up about it, as are we, and we'll just have to figure out next steps in the next couple of days."
Milano had no points in three games this season before he was injured. -- Tom Gulitti

New York Rangers
Chris Kreider returned to the lineup Saturday, a 4-3 overtime loss at Ottawa, after missing six games with an upper-body injury.
The injury, which was not related to the back injury he dealt with earlier in the season, had kept the forward out since Feb. 22, when he scored in an 8-2 loss to Buffalo.
Kreider had one shot on goal in 15:12 of ice time Saturday. He has 21 points (17 goals, four assists) in 49 games this season.

Los Angeles Kings
Andre Lee signed a two-year, $1.5 million contract ($775,000 average annual value) with the Kings on Saturday.
The 24-year-old forward has three points (one goal, two assists) in 19 games this season, his first in the NHL.
Los Angeles hosts the St. Louis Blues on Saturday (8 p.m. ET; KMOV-TV, Matrix-MW, FDSNW, Victory+).

Edmonton Oilers
Mattias Ekholm will miss his second straight game Saturday against the Dallas Stars (10 p.m. ET, CBC, SN, CITY, Victory+).
The defenseman missed his first game of the season, a 3-2 overtime win against the Montreal Canadiens on Thursday for what Oilers coach Kris Knoblauch initially called "maintenance," before specifying Saturday it was an injury.
It's expected to keep Ekholm out for at least one more game. Edmonton visits Buffalo on Monday.
"It's an injury," Knoblauch said. "He will be joining us on the road trip, but whether he's playing that first game in Buffalo or sometime when we're in New York (next week) … we expect he will be with us."
Defenseman John Klingberg will also miss his second straight game Saturday with an undisclosed injury. Jake Walman will make his Oilers debut after the defenseman was acquired in a trade with the Sharks on Thursday. -- Gerry Moddejonge
March-9-2025:


New York Islanders
Mathew Barzal may not be able to return before the end of the regular season.
The 27-year-old forward has been out with a lower-body injury sustained after blocking a shot late in the third period of a 3-2 overtime win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Feb. 1. He had a minor procedure Feb. 6 and is out indefinitely.
The Islanders' regular-season finale is April 17 at the Columbus Blue Jackets.
"We hope, but I couldn't answer that," general manager Lou Lamoriello said. "We'll see where the rehab will take us. We're not going to push it. We're not going to rush it. We're not going to chance anything. He will be 100 percent completely healthy if he is to return."
Barzal missed 21 games earlier in the season with an upper-body injury. He has 20 points (six goals, 14 assists) in 30 games.
Semyon Varlamov (lower body) remains sidelined. The 36-year-old goalie hasn't played since Nov. 29 and was working his way back before Lamoriello said Feb. 1 he had been shut down and is out indefinitely.
"I think that Varlamov is going to be difficult for the rest of the season," Lamoriello said. -- Stefen Rosner

Chicago Blackhawks
Artyom Levshunov was recalled from Rockford of the AHL on Sunday and could make his NHL debut at the Colorado Avalanche on Monday (9 p.m. ET; CHSN+, ALT2, TVAS-D).
The 19-year-old defenseman, who was the No. 2 pick by the Blackhawks at the 2024 NHL Draft, has 22 points (five goals, 17 assists) in 50 AHL games this season.
Levshunov missed training camp and the start of the season after blocking a shot with his right foot Sept. 11.
Chicago (20-35-9) is 31st in the NHL and traded defenseman Seth Jones to the Florida Panthers on March 2 for goalie Spencer Knight and a conditional first-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft. Florida also received a fourth-round selection in 2026.

Tampa Bay Lightning
Victor Hedman was not in the lineup for a 4-0 loss to the Boston Bruins on Saturday and is day to day with a lower-body injury.
The defenseman and Lightning captain played 2:57 in a 6-5 win against the Sabres on Thursday. He did not practice Friday as part of a day off for each of Tampa Bay's players who participated in the 4 Nations Face-Off last month, but Hedman was on the ice for warmups before the game Saturday.
Hedman has 50 points (11 goals, 39 assists) in 61 games this season. He was replaced in the lineup by Nick Perbix. -- Corey Long

Florida Panthers
Vitek Vanecek got a shutout in his Panthers debut, a 4-0 win against the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday.
The goalie was acquired from the Sharks on Wednesday for forward Patrick Giles.
Florida is Vanecek's fourth NHL team: He played two seasons for the Washington Capitals (2020-22), two with the New Jersey Devils (2022-24), and one for San Jose.
Vanecek was supposed to start for the Sharks on March 4 in Buffalo but was held out for trade-related reasons.
"I am here to do everything I can to help the team win games," Vanecek said. "Really good guys, really good team. I hope we go as far as possible, win the Stanley Cup again." -- George Richards

Ottawa Senators
Dylan Cozens and Dennis Gilbert were each in the lineup for a 4-3 overtime win against the New York Rangers on Saturday, one day after being acquired in a trade with the Sabres.
Cozens, a forward, had an assist and a game-high nine hits in 17:27 of ice time. He has 32 points (11 goals, 21 assists) in 62 games this season.
Gilbert, a defenseman, had three hits in 6:19. He has five assists in 25 games.
"I really wanted to be a part of the solution in Buffalo," Cozens said Friday. "I dreamt every day about being a part of a good team in Buffalo, playing in the playoffs in Buffalo, so it's tough, it's sad, for sure. But at the same time, there's a very exciting opportunity in Ottawa and I'm super excited to be a part of the Sens."
March-10-2025:


Chicago Blackhawks
Artyom Levshunov will make his NHL debut at the Colorado Avalanche on Monday (9 p.m. ET; CHSN+, ALT2, TVAS-D).
The 19-year-old defenseman, who was the No. 2 pick by the Blackhawks at the 2024 NHL Draft, was recalled from Rockford of the American Hockey League on Sunday after he had 22 points (five goals, 17 assists) in 50 games.
Levshunov missed training camp and the start of the season after blocking a shot with his right foot Sept. 11.
“I always dreamed about this, like all my hockey life, and for sure it's unbelievable to make a debut tonight. Yeah, it's incredible,” Levshunov said after the morning skate. “I'm not [nervous]. I feel good.
“Not really [nervous]; it's a hockey game. I’ve got to go in, do my job, play hard.”
Chicago (20-35-9) is 31st in the NHL and traded defenseman Seth Jones to the Florida Panthers on March 2 for goalie Spencer Knight and a conditional first-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft. Florida also received a fourth-round selection in 2026.
Jason Dickinson was activated from injured reserve and will also be in the Blackhawks lineup Monday; the forward missed 11 games with a high ankle sprain. Dickinson has 16 points (seven goals, nine assists) in 53 games this season.
“He's felt good for the last week here,” Chicago coach Anders Sorensen said. “[He’s] been close and had some really good practices and some skates, and yeah, he looked good today.” -- Ryan Boulding

Dallas Stars
Roope Hintz (face) is day to day and did not play Sunday in a 4-1 win at the Vancouver Canucks.
Hintz, a center, traveled back to Dallas after he was hit by a deflected puck during a 5-4 loss at the Edmonton Oilers on Saturday. He has 52 points (25 goals, 27 assists) and is plus-13 in 59 games this season.
“We’ll see,” Stars coach Pete DeBoer said before the game Sunday. “My initial thought was it’s nothing long, long term, but obviously not available. Day to day here.
“We’ve dealt with injury adversity all year, and it hasn’t affected us for the most part. That’s big shoes to fill when you take him and (Miro Heiskanen) and (Tyler) Seguin out of the lineup, but our guys haven’t used that as an excuse. They’ve shown up and played really solid hockey.”
Dallas (42-20-2), which has won eight of its past 10 games, visits the Winnipeg Jets on Friday.

New York Islanders
Mathew Barzal may not be able to return before the end of the regular season.
The 27-year-old forward has been out with a lower-body injury sustained after blocking a shot late in the third period of a 3-2 overtime win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Feb. 1. He had a minor procedure Feb. 6 and is out indefinitely.
The Islanders' regular-season finale is April 17 at the Columbus Blue Jackets.
"We hope, but I couldn't answer that," general manager Lou Lamoriello said Saturday. "We'll see where the rehab will take us. We're not going to push it. We're not going to rush it. We're not going to chance anything. He will be 100 percent completely healthy if he is to return."
Barzal missed 21 games earlier in the season with an upper-body injury. He has 20 points (six goals, 14 assists) in 30 games.
Semyon Varlamov (lower body) remains sidelined. The 36-year-old goalie hasn't played since Nov. 29 and was working his way back before Lamoriello said Feb. 1 he had been shut down and is out indefinitely.
"I think that Varlamov is going to be difficult for the rest of the season," Lamoriello said.
Marcus Hogberg (upper body) was activated from injured reserve Sunday after the goalie missed 14 games. He made 24 saves in a 4-1 loss at the Anaheim Ducks. -- Stefen Rosner
March-11-2025:


Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes practiced Tuesday for the first time since sustaining a lower-body injury March 1, but the defenseman will miss his fourth straight game against the Montreal Canadiens on Tuesday (10 p.m. ET; RDS, TSN2, SNP).
However, the Canucks captain, who was wearing a noncontact jersey, has not been ruled out against the Calgary Flames on Wednesday.
"I don't know about his status [for Wednesday], but it was a good day for him," coach Rick Tocchet said. "He obviously did a little bit more than he has done. He looked pretty good but we didn't have contact drills and stuff like that, so it's hard to really evaluate that. But he felt really good (skating on his own) yesterday. So, we'll go from there."
Hughes was injured in a 6-3 loss at the Seattle Kraken and has skated on his own since then, but Tuesday was his first time on the ice with the full team.
Tocchet said he would normally like to get Hughes into a practice before possibly returning, but with two sets of back-to-back games this week (also Saturday and Sunday), that may not be possible.
"It's a hard one this time of year," Tocchet said. "If it's November-December, you'd like a guy to get a practice or two, but things change sometimes. This many games left (19) you've got to change a few protocols, but obviously the safety of him is obviously No. 1."
Hughes missed six games and was out more than three weeks with an oblique injury before and after the 4 Nations Face-Off last month, which he also missed. The game in Seattle was his third back.
He has 60 points (14 goals, 46 assists) in 50 games, which still leads Vancouver by 22 points and is third among NHL defensemen.
"The frustrating part for him is he wants to go all the time," Tocchet said. "I think he had a couple of really good days. He's got a smile on his face today, so that's a good sign." -- Kevin Woodley

Tampa Bay Lightning
Victor Hedman could return for the Lightning against the Carolina Hurricanes on Tuesday (7:30 p.m. ET; Disney+, HULU, ESPN+).
The defenseman missed a 4-0 loss to the Boston Bruins on Saturday because of a lower-body injury. He practiced Monday but did not participate in the morning skate Tuesday. Coach Jon Cooper said he would be on the ice for warmups.
Hedman played 2:57 in a 6-5 win against the Buffalo Sabres on Thursday. He left the game after his third shift of the first period and did not return.
He has 50 points (11 goals, 39 assists) in 60 games this season. -- Kurt Dusterberg

New York Rangers
Adam Fox skated in a noncontact jersey for the first time since being sidelined with an upper-body injury but will miss his seventh straight game against the Winnipeg Jets on Tuesday (8 p.m. ET; TSN3, MSG).
The defenseman was placed on injured reserve Feb. 26, one day after falling hard on his left shoulder in the third period of a 5-1 win against the New York Islanders. There is no timeline for his return.
Fox, who was second on the Rangers and fifth among all NHL defensemen with 48 points (five goals, 43 assists) in 58 games this season at the time of the injury, has not played since Feb. 25.
He averages a team-high 23:14 of ice time per game; the Rangers are 2-2-2 since his injury. -- Darrin Bauming

Pittsburgh Penguins
Ryan Shea is week to week with an upper-body injury.
The defenseman was absent from a full morning skate before the Penguins host the Vegas Golden Knights on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; SN-PIT, SCRIPPS). Shea, who has five points (two goals, three assists) in 30 games this season, played a season-high 24:18 in a 3-1 win at the Minnesota Wild on Sunday.
Vladislav Kolyachonok replaced Shea on the top defense pair with Kris Letang on Tuesday. He has played three games since being claimed off waivers from the Utah Hockey Club on Feb. 9.
"We're trying to become more familiar with Vlad's game," Pittsburgh coach Mike Sullivan said. "We've liked what we've seen to this point in the games that he's played in. We really like his mobility, his skating, his ability to close on people in the defensive zone.
"I think Kris is a guy that could potentially be a great mentor for him."
Forward Tommy Novak, acquired in a trade from the Nashville Predators on March 5, also didn't skate Tuesday. He is day to day with a lower-body injury.
Connor Dewar could take Novak's place at second-line left wing next to center Evgeni Malkin in what would be his second game since being traded from the Toronto Maple Leafs on Friday.
Defenseman P.O Joseph remains week to week with an upper-body injury sustained March 1. -- Wes Crosby
March-12-2025:

Toronto Maple Leafs
Chris Tanev practiced with the Maple Leafs and has not been ruled out for their game against the Florida Panthers on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; TVAS, TSN4, SCRIPPS).
The defenseman has missed the past six games after sustaining an upper-body injury Feb. 25 during a 5-4 win against the Boston Bruins.
“I don’t know, it’s day to day here,” Toronto coach Craig Berube said Wednesday. “We will make a decision tomorrow when he comes in and we see how he feels.”
Tanev did not practice on a regular pair but said he’s pleased with his recovery.
“Feeling good," he said. "Just progressing day by day on the timeline that was given to us. Just trying to get better every day. There was a timeline given to us, so I’m just trying to check the boxes and when that’s there, hopefully I’ll be playing.”
The Maple Leafs (39-22-3) have gone 3-3-0 without Tanev, who has 17 points (two goals, 15 assists) and is plus-26 in 57 games. He is averaging 19:48 of ice time per game. -- Dave McCarthy
Vancouver Canucks
Quinn Hughes returned from a lower-body injury against the Calgary Flames on Wednesday.
The Canucks captain and top defenseman missed the past four games, including a 4-2 loss to the Montreal Canadiens on Tuesday. Hughes participated in the morning skate in a noncontact jersey for the first time since sustaining the injury March 1.
"There's a good possibility," Vancouver coach Rick Tocchet said before the game. "I saw him this morning. He looks good, so there's a good possibility he'll be in the lineup tonight."
The reigning Norris Trophy winner as the League's top defenseman, Hughes had skated on his own since sustaining his latest injury, during a 6-3 loss at the Seattle Kraken, but Tuesday was his first time on the ice with the full team.
Tocchet said he'd normally like to get Hughes into a practice before returning but said with two sets of back-to-back games this week, that may not be possible.
“It's a hard one this time of year,” Tocchet said Tuesday morning. “If it's November/December, you'd like a guy to get a practice or two, but things change sometimes. This many games left (18), you’ve got to change a few protocols. But obviously the safety of him is obviously No. 1.”
Hughes missed six games and was out more than three weeks because of an oblique injury before and after the 4 Nations Face-Off last month, which he was forced to miss. The game in Seattle was his third back, and Tocchet has said the latest injury was in part a result of compensating for the first one.
The 25-year-old has 60 points (14 goals, 46 assists) in 50 games, which still leads Vancouver by 21 points and is third among NHL defensemen. Hughes is eighth in the NHL in time on ice per game (25:07). -- Kevin Woodley

Dallas Stars
Roope Hintz (face) could return Sunday at the Colorado Avalanche, Stars coach Pete DeBoer said.
The forward has missed the past two games after he was hit by a deflected puck during a 5-4 loss at the Edmonton Oilers on Saturday. He’s been listed as day to day.
“He looks pretty good,” DeBoer said after practice Wednesday. “He can’t get his heart rate up because of the blood flow for I think it was five days from the time of the injury. But I think once we clear that five-day hurdle, I would think he looks pretty good.
“I would call him possible for Sunday.”
Hintz has 52 points (25 goals, 27 assists) and is plus-13 in 59 games this season.

New York Rangers
Adam Fox skated in a noncontact jersey for the first time since being sidelined because of an upper-body injury but missed his seventh straight game Tuesday, a 2-1 loss at the Winnipeg Jets.
The defenseman was placed on injured reserve Feb. 26, one day after falling hard on his left shoulder during the third period of a 5-1 win against the New York Islanders. There is no timeline for his return.
Fox, who was second on the Rangers and fifth among NHL defensemen with 48 points (five goals, 43 assists) in 58 games this season at the time of the injury, has not played since Feb. 25.
He averages a team-high 23:14 of ice time per game; the Rangers are 2-3-2 since his injury. -- Darrin Bauming

Pittsburgh Penguins
Ryan Shea is week to week because of an upper-body injury.
The defenseman was absent from the morning skate before the Penguins’ 3-2 overtime win against the Vegas Golden Knights on Tuesday. Shea, who has five points (two goals, three assists) in 30 games this season, played a season-high 24:18 in a 3-1 win at the Minnesota Wild on Sunday.
Vladislav Kolyachonok replaced Shea on the top defense pair with Kris Letang on Tuesday, his fourth game since being claimed off waivers from the Utah Hockey Club on Feb. 9.
"We're trying to become more familiar with Vlad's game," Pittsburgh coach Mike Sullivan said. "We've liked what we've seen to this point in the games that he's played in. We really like his mobility, his skating, his ability to close on people in the defensive zone.
"I think Kris is a guy that could potentially be a great mentor for him."
Tommy Novak, acquired in a trade from the Nashville Predators on March 5, also wasn’t available Tuesday. The forward is day to day because of a lower-body injury.
Connor Dewar took Novak's place at second-line left wing next to center Evgeni Malkin in what was his second game since being traded from the Maple Leafs on Friday.
P.O Joseph remains week to week because of an upper-body injury the defenseman sustained March 1. -- Wes Crosby
March-13-2025:

Tampa Bay Lightning
Nikita Kucherov did not play for the Lightning in a 4-3 shootout loss to the Philadelphia Flyers on Thursday because of an illness.
The forward did not take part in the morning skate after missing the third period of Tampa Bay's 4-1 loss to the Carolina Hurricanes on Tuesday.
"He's been like everybody. It seems like something's been going around the team," Lightning coach Jon Cooper said before the game. "He's just the next one to get it."
Kucherov is third in the NHL with 92 points (28 goals, 64 assists) in 61 games this season.
The Lightning recalled forward Cam Atkinson from Syracuse of the American Hockey League on Wednesday. Atkinson scored in the loss to the Flyers. -- Adam Kimelman

Toronto Maple Leafs
Chris Tanev returned for the Maple Leafs in a 3-2 loss to the Florida Panthers on Thursday.
The defenseman, who was activated from injured reserve, had missed the previous six games after sustaining an upper-body injury in a 5-4 overtime win against the Boston Bruins on February 25.
"When I had Chris Pronger, how much he can control a game, and he controlled in a different way than Tanev, but he controls a lot of the game for us in situational play," Maple Leafs coach Craig Berube said.
Tanev said he has been pleased with the progress in his recovery.
"Feeling good," Tanev said on Wednesday. "Just progressing day by day on the timeline that was given to us. Just trying to get better every day. There was a timeline given to us, so I'm just trying to check the boxes and when that's there, hopefully I'll be playing." -- Dave McCarthy

Dallas Stars
Roope Hintz could return against the Colorado Avalanche on Sunday, Stars coach Pete DeBoer said.
The forward has missed the past two games after he was hit in the face by a deflected puck during a 5-4 loss at the Edmonton Oilers on Saturday.
"He looks pretty good," DeBoer said after practice on Wednesday. "He can't get his heart rate up because of the blood flow for I think it was five days from the time of the injury. But I think once we clear that five-day hurdle, I would think he looks pretty good.
"I would call him possible for Sunday."
Hintz has 52 points (25 goals, 27 assists) and is plus-13 in 59 games this season.

Carolina Hurricanes
Dmitry Orlov could return to the lineup for the Hurricanes against the Detroit Red Wings on Friday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNDET, FDSNSO, SNP, SNE).
The defenseman has missed three games with an upper-body injury. He has 24 points (four goals, 20 assists) in 62 games this season.
"'Orly' practiced today, so I think he has a better chance to play," Hurricanes coach Rod Brind'Amour said Thursday.
Forward Andrei Svechnikov (undisclosed) is doubtful to play against the Red Wings. He has 43 points (18 goals, 25 assists) in 63 games this season.
"He was out there in street clothes today," Brind'Amour said. "Says he's feeling better, but obviously he's not ready to go. … I doubt (he plays)."
March-14-2025:

Calgary Flames
Mikael Backlund is week to week for the Flames with an upper-body injury.
The forward was injured in the first period of a 4-3 shootout loss to the Vancouver Canucks on Wednesday.
"He does everything for us," forward Blake Coleman said Friday. "He plays in all situations and he's the leader of the team. I've played alongside him for a long time now, so I've got to find some chemistry with some guys here quick. We're going to miss him out there, but it's going to be one of those things where you have to fill the hole by committee and guys got to step up in some roles that maybe they haven't been put in throughout the year."
Backlund has 24 points (11 goals, 13 assists) in 64 games this season. He averages 1:49 of power-play time per game and 2:23 of short-handed time per game, and had not missed a game in the past four seasons.
"I use [Backlund] in situations against top players all the time, so I haven't really had to second-guess who's going out there against a MacKinnon for a defensive-zone faceoff," Flames coach Ryan Huska said. "It's been Mikael. Other than that, I think the work that he's done is help bring along some other people in regards to the leadership and what we look for out of our players. I do expect our leadership group to be the strongest players for us tonight in his absence and I know everyone else will follow along."
The Flames (30-24-11) are tied with the Vancouver Canucks for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Western Conference. They recalled forward Dryden Hunt from Calgary of the American Hockey League on Friday.
"We've got not a lot of time left here to start climbing and winning some games," Coleman said. "It's on the guys that are in the locker room with that next man up, and we'll get them." -- Aaron Vickers

Winnipeg Jets
Neal Pionk will be out week to week for the Jets because of a lower-body injury.
The defenseman has 37 points (nine goals, 28 assists) in 66 games this season averaging 22:09 of ice time per game.
"(He) tried to get through it," Jets coach Scott Arniel said Friday. "We do need him for the long run here, so as much as he wants to play this is the right decision… If you have plans to play into June, you're going to need your roster. It's proven. There's injuries that happen, situations that happen, you're going to have to go deep (in the Stanley Cup Playoffs)."
Defenseman Luke Schenn, who was acquired prior to the NHL Trade Deadline on March 7, will move up in the lineup and take on Pionk's roles on the power-play and penalty-killing units.
"That's why we went out and got depth (and) somebody like Luke," Arniel said. "There's some roles there they're going to have to take on. It's part of what we've asked of everybody when we've had these injuries, things have happened. That next man up. Step up and do what you need to do… At the end of the day, we're glad we have Luke for it." -- Darrin Bauming

Buffalo Sabres
Josh Norris could be out with an undisclosed injury when the Sabres host the Vegas Golden Knights on Saturday (12:30 p.m. ET; SCRIPPS, MSG-B, SN1, TVAS).
The center, acquired from the Ottawa Senators before the NHL Trade Deadline on March 7, did not practice Friday.
"He's just being evaluated by our medical staff today, so I don't have an update right now," coach Lindy Ruff said.
The injury is "something he's been dealing with," Ruff said.
Norris scored his first goal with Buffalo in a 7-3 loss to the Detroit Red Wings on Wednesday and has two points in three games since the trade. He has 35 points (21 goals, 14 assists) in 56 games with Sabres and Senators.
JJ Peterka will miss his second straight game Saturday with a lingering lower-body injury. The forward has missed each of the past two practices and did not play against Detroit.
"I talked to JJ and he's feeling a lot better," Ruff said. "Won't play tomorrow but is making the trip so I would anticipate him playing."
Peterka has 51 points (19 goals, 32 assists) in 61 games.
Buffalo begins a four-game road trip Monday at the Boston Bruins. -- Heather Engel

Carolina Hurricanes
Dmitry Orlov did not play for the Hurricanes in a 4-2 win against the Detroit Red Wings on Friday.
The defenseman has missed the past four games with an upper-body injury. He has 24 points (four goals, 20 assists) in 62 games this season.
Forward Andrei Svechnikov (undisclosed) also did not play against the Red Wings. He has 43 points (18 goals, 25 assists) in 63 games this season.

Dallas Stars
Roope Hintz could return against the Colorado Avalanche on Sunday, Stars coach Pete DeBoer said.
The forward has missed the past two games after he was hit in the face by a deflected puck during a 5-4 loss at the Edmonton Oilers on Saturday.
"He looks pretty good," DeBoer said after practice on Wednesday. "He can't get his heart rate up because of the blood flow for I think it was five days from the time of the injury. But I think once we clear that five-day hurdle, I would think he looks pretty good.
"I would call him possible for Sunday."
Hintz has 52 points (25 goals, 27 assists) and is plus-13 in 59 games this season.
March-15-2025:


New York Rangers
Adam Fox returned against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Saturday.
The defenseman, who missed the past eight games with an upper-body injury sustained in the third period of a 5-1 win against the New York Islanders on Feb. 25, participated in the Rangers' morning skate Saturday in a regular jersey. Fox was injured at 3:16 of the third period when he got tangled with Islanders forward Kyle MacLean and fell to the ice, landing on his left shoulder.
"He's trending that way, so still talk inside there, but it's nice to have him out there," Rangers coach Peter Laviolette said.
Fox is third on the Rangers with 48 points (five goals, 43 assists) in 58 games this season.
The Rangers are 3-3-2 without Fox and 2-for-26 on the power-play in that span (7.7 percent); he has 16 power-play points this season and was on the first unit during practice.
"Any time you lose one of your top minute guys, top producers, you're going to feel it," Laviolette said. "Think other guys have stepped up. We've done some good things, but when he does come back, it'll be nice to have him there." -- Craig Merz

Dallas Stars
Roope Hintz could play at the Colorado Avalanche on Sunday (3:30 p.m. ET; MAX, truTV, TNT, ALT, SN, TVAS).
“He's the first line center on the team and a great, big part of the team,” forward Mikko Rantanen said. “It was good to see him healthy, and back in the lineup tomorrow, hopefully. He's obviously a great player.”
Hintz was a full participant at practice on Saturday, centering a line with Jason Robertson on the left side and Rantanen on the right.
“I think he's back tomorrow. All signs are pointing that way. I don't know for sure. It looks like that. It's great,” forward Matt Duchene said. “'Roop' got hurt two-thirds into the first game he was playing with ‘Robo’ and Mikko. So we'll get another chance to see how those guys mix.”
The 28-year old forward has missed the past two games after taking a puck to the face in a 5-4 loss against the Edmonton Oilers on March 8. He has 52 points (25 goals, 27 assists) in 59 games this season.

Calgary Flames
Mikael Backlund is week to week for the Flames with an upper-body injury.
The forward was injured in the first period of a 4-3 shootout loss to the Vancouver Canucks on Wednesday.
"He does everything for us," forward Blake Coleman said prior to a 4-2 loss to the Colorado Avalanche on Friday. "He plays in all situations and he's the leader of the team. I've played alongside him for a long time now, so I've got to find some chemistry with some guys here quick. We're going to miss him out there, but it's going to be one of those things where you have to fill the hole by committee and guys got to step up in some roles that maybe they haven't been put in throughout the year."
Backlund has 24 points (11 goals, 13 assists) in 64 games this season. He averages 1:49 of power-play time per game and 2:23 short-handed and had not missed a game the past four seasons.
"I use [Backlund] in situations against top players all the time, so I haven't really had to second-guess who's going out there against a MacKinnon for a defensive-zone faceoff," Flames coach Ryan Huska said. "It's been Mikael. Other than that, I think the work that he's done is help bring along some other people in regards to the leadership and what we look for out of our players. I do expect our leadership group to be the strongest players for us tonight in his absence and I know everyone else will follow along."
The Flames (30-24-11) are tied with the Canucks for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Western Conference. They recalled forward Dryden Hunt from Calgary of the American Hockey League on Friday; he had one shot on goal in 6:20 of ice time against the Avalanche.
"We've got not a lot of time left here to start climbing and winning some games," Coleman said. "It's on the guys that are in the locker room with that next man up, and we'll get them." -- Aaron Vickers

Winnipeg Jets
Neal Pionk will be out week to week for the Jets because of a lower-body injury.
The defenseman has 37 points (nine goals, 28 assists) in 66 games this season averaging 22:09 of ice time per game.
"(He) tried to get through it," Winnipeg coach Scott Arniel said prior to a 4-1 win against the Dallas Stars on Friday. "We do need him for the long run here, so as much as he wants to play this is the right decision… If you have plans to play into June, you're going to need your roster. It's proven. There's injuries that happen, situations that happen, you're going to have to go deep (in the Stanley Cup Playoffs)."
Defenseman Luke Schenn, who was acquired prior to the NHL Trade Deadline on March 7, moved up in the lineup and took Pionk's roles on the power-play and penalty-killing units.
"That's why we went out and got depth (and) somebody like Luke," Arniel said. "There's some roles there they're going to have to take on. It's part of what we've asked of everybody when we've had these injuries, things have happened. That next man up. Step up and do what you need to do… At the end of the day, we're glad we have Luke for it." -- Darrin Bauming

Minnesota Wild
Jonas Brodin skated with the Wild on Saturday morning but did not play against the St. Louis Blues.
The defenseman, who last played Feb. 28, has 18 points (four goals, 14 assists) and has been limited to 38 games because of three separate injuries.
"I would say progressing in a positive manner," coach John Hynes said. "It's his third skate with the team. Today was kind of a big day like, 'OK, how does he respond three days in a row?' Little bit less of a load today than he's had the last couple of days so it's still progressing, but there still needs to be some time to respond to it after each day."
In addition to Brodin, Minnesota remains without forwards Kirill Kaprizov (lower body) and Joel Eriksson Ek (lower body). Kaprizov has missed the past 16 games; Eriksson Ek has missed the past nine.
Neither forward has resumed skating yet. -- Jessi Pierce

Buffalo Sabres
Josh Norris did not play in a 4-3 shootout win against the Vegas Golden Knights on Saturday because of an undisclosed injury.
The center, acquired by the Sabres from the Ottawa Senators before the NHL Trade Deadline on March 7, did not practice Friday and did not take part in warmups prior to a 4-3 shootout win on Saturday.
The injury is "something he's been dealing with," coach Lindy Ruff said Friday.
Norris scored his first goal with Buffalo in a 7-3 loss to the Detroit Red Wings on Wednesday and has two points in three games since the trade. He has 35 points (21 goals, 14 assists) in 56 games with the Sabres and Senators.
JJ Peterka missed his second straight game Saturday with a lingering lower-body injury. The forward has missed each of the past two practices and did not play against Detroit.
"I talked to JJ and he's feeling a lot better," Ruff said Friday. "Won't play tomorrow but is making the trip (beginning at the Boston Bruins on Monday), so I would anticipate him playing."
Peterka has 51 points (19 goals, 32 assists) in 61 games. -- Heather Engel
March-16-2025:


Dallas Stars
Roope Hintz returned for the Stars for a 4-3 overtime loss to the Colorado Avalanche on Sunday.
Hintz, who was a full participant at practice Saturday, had missed two games after taking a puck to the face during a 5-4 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on March 8. He centered a line with Jason Robertson on the left side and Mikko Rantanen on the right, finishing with one assist in 17:34 of ice time.
Hintz has 53 points (25 goals, 28 assists) in 60 games this season.
“The more time they can get together, the more chance they have at developing [chemistry],” Stars coach Pete DeBoer said of Hintz and Rantanen. “And with 'Roop' being out, we haven't had much of a chance at that yet.” -- Ryan Boulding

New York Islanders
Mike Reilly returned against the Florida Panthers on Sunday.
The 31-year-old defenseman had been out of the lineup since Nov. 1, when he sustained a concussion against the Buffalo Sabres. Doctors then discovered a heart defect, which led to a procedure on Nov. 19.
Reilly, who returned to practice on Feb. 23, does not have a point in 11 games this season after signing a one-year contract July 1, 2024.
“I'm so excited. It's been a long, long time,” Reilly said. “A lot of work was put into it with the hope of coming back this season. So, I’m excited just to be back with the guys here and ready to go tonight.”
Adam Pelech is day to day after the defenseman blocked a shot from Evan Bouchard with his right ankle in overtime in a 2-1 loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Friday. Pelech, who has 17 assists and is averaging 21:17 of ice time in 45 games, did not participate in the morning skate Sunday.
Adam Boqvist, who sustained an upper-body injury against the Los Angeles Kings on March 11, skated on Sunday in a noncontact jersey. The defenseman has five points (two goals, three assists) in 12 games for the Islanders since being claimed off waivers from the Panthers on Jan. 31. -- Stefen Rosner

Colorado Avalanche
Josh Manson did not play in a 4-3 overtime win against the Stars on Sunday because of an upper-body injury.
The 33-year-old defenseman, who has 15 points (one goal, 14 assists) in 48 games this season, was not on the ice for warmups. Manson previously missed 12 games from Nov. 30-Dec. 22 with an upper-body injury, and seven games from Feb. 6-March 4 with a lower-body injury.
Sam Malinski moved up to Manson’s spot alongside Ryan Lindgren on the second defense pair. -- Ryan Boulding

Buffalo Sabres
JJ Peterka skated on his own Sunday and has not been ruled for the start of a four-game road trip at the Boston Bruins on Monday (7 p.m. ET; NESN, MSG-B, TVAS).
The forward missed his second straight game Saturday, a 4-3 shootout win against the Vegas Golden Knights, because of a lingering lower-body injury.
“I think it's possible but based on he only skated this morning, so I guess we'll just weigh how that goes,” Sabres coach Lindy Ruff said Sunday.
Peterka has 51 points (19 goals, 32 assists) in 61 games.
Josh Norris (undisclosed) had off-ice treatment Sunday and could travel with the Sabres after he did not play Saturday.
The center, acquired by Buffalo from the Ottawa Senators before the NHL Trade Deadline on March 7, did not practice Friday and did not take part in warmups Saturday.
The injury is "something he's been dealing with," according to Ruff.
“If everything went well today with the off-ice treatment, he'll be making the trip,” the coach said.
Norris scored his first goal with Buffalo in a 7-3 loss to the Detroit Red Wings on Wednesday and has two points in three games since the trade.
He has 35 points (21 goals, 14 assists) in 56 games with the Sabres and Senators.
Jiri Kulich (concussion protocol) will not travel after the forward was injured in the second period Saturday on a hit from Brett Howden. Kulich has 19 points (12 goals, seven assists) in 49 games. -- Heather Engel

Utah Hockey Club
Liam O'Brien will miss four weeks with a lower-body injury.
The forward was injured in the third period of a 4-2 loss at the Seattle Kraken on Friday and returned to Utah for further evaluation.
"[O'Brien] is an important part of our team," coach Andre Tourigny said. "We’ve had an injury before, so it’s just next man up. It’s unfortunate. We’re thinking about him, but at the same time, we’re moving on."
O’Brien has two assists in 27 games this season. -- Matt Komma

Minnesota Wild
Jonas Brodin skated with the Wild on Saturday morning but did not play in a 5-1 loss to the St. Louis Blues.
The defenseman, who last played Feb. 28, has 18 points (four goals, 14 assists) and has been limited to 38 games because of three separate injuries.
"I would say progressing in a positive manner," coach John Hynes said. "It's his third skate with the team. Today was kind of a big day like, 'OK, how does he respond three days in a row?' Little bit less of a load today than he's had the last couple of days so it's still progressing, but there still needs to be some time to respond to it after each day."
In addition to Brodin, Minnesota remains without forwards Kirill Kaprizov (lower body) and Joel Eriksson Ek (lower body). Kaprizov has missed the past 16 games; Eriksson Ek has missed the past nine.
Neither forward has resumed skating yet.
Minnesota (37-25-5), which holds the first wild card in the Western Conference, hosts the Los Angeles Kings on Monday (8 p.m. ET; FDSNWI, FDSNNO, FDSNW). -- Jessi Pierce
March-17-2025:

Carolina Hurricanes
Andrei Svechnikov was back on the ice Monday and could return at the San Jose Sharks on Thursday (10:30 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, NBCSCA).
The forward has missed the past three games with an upper-body injury. Svechnikov skated with Hurricanes assistant Jeff Daniels before practice for the first time since playing 12:41 in a 4-2 win against the Winnipeg Jets on March 9.
“We’ll find out,” Carolina coach Rod Brind’Amour said when asked if Svechnikov could play Thursday. “We’ve got a couple more days. We’ll see where he’s at.
“Obviously if he doesn’t practice with us, that will be an indicator that he probably won’t. But he tried it a little this morning, so he’s getting better.”
Svechnikov has 43 points (18 goals, 25 assists) in 63 games this season for the Hurricanes (41-22-4), who have won seven in a row and are second in the Metropolitan Division.
“You’re going to have injuries,” Brind’Amour said. “I think guys have always stepped in and done well. We’ve pieced it together, and I think that’s what we’re doing right now.” -- Kurt Dusterberg
Washington Capitals
Dylan Strome will play when the Capitals host the Detroit Red Wings on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNDET, MNMT, SN360, TVAS) after missing practice Monday because of an illness.
Strome leads Washington with 65 points (21 goals, 44 assist) in 67 games this season and has scored three goals in the past four games.
Ethen Frank also missed practice Monday because of an illness, but will be a healthy scratch.
Frank, who has seven points (four goals, three assists) in 22 games this season, has been a healthy scratch in four straight games after forward Anthony Beauvillier was acquired in a trade with the Pittsburgh Penguins on March 7. -- Tom Gulitti

Colorado Avalanche
Josh Manson did not play in a 4-3 overtime win against the Stars on Sunday because of an upper-body injury.
The 33-year-old defenseman has 15 points (one goal, 14 assists) while averaging 18:02 of ice time in 48 games for the Avalanche this season. Manson previously missed 12 games from Nov. 30-Dec. 22 with an upper-body injury, and seven games from Feb. 6-March 4 with a lower-body injury.
“He's getting looked at today, he's been looked at already,” coach Jared Bednar said after practice Monday. “He's getting other opinions and looking at trying to figure out what the rehab process is like. I don't have a timeline, but again, it's not day to day.”
Bednar said it's not related to the upper-body injury Manson was dealing with earlier this season.
With Manson unavailable, Sam Malinski moved up to Manson’s spot alongside Ryan Lindgren on the second defense pair.
Colorado (41-24-3) visits the Toronto Maple Leafs on Wednesday (7 p.m. ET; TVAS, SN, TNT, MAX). -- Ryan Boulding
Utah Hockey Club
Liam O'Brien will miss four weeks with a lower-body injury.
The forward was injured in the third period of a 4-2 loss at the Seattle Kraken on Friday and returned to Utah for further evaluation.
"[O'Brien] is an important part of our team," coach Andre Tourigny said. "We’ve had an injury before, so it’s just next man up. It’s unfortunate. We’re thinking about him, but at the same time, we’re moving on."
O’Brien has two assists in 27 games this season.
Utah (30-26-11) visits the Edmonton Oilers on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; TVAS, SN1, ESPN). -- Matt Komma
March-18-2025:


Edmonton Oilers
Mattias Ekholm and Zach Hyman will return for the Oilers against the Utah Hockey Club on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; TVAS, SN1, ESPN).
Ekholm missed six games because of an illness and undisclosed injury. The defenseman did not play the final 13:12 of a 6-2 loss to the Anaheim Ducks on March 4. He has 27 points (eight goals, 19 assists) in 60 games and averages 22:36 of ice time on Edmonton's top defense pair with Evan Bouchard.
“A lot better, I’ve got my voice back,” Ekholm said after the morning skate. “I’ve been battling a little bit of a lower-body injury and it’s kept me out, obviously. But the guys have done a great job and I’m feeling better, so that’s exciting.”
Hyman, a forward, missed a 3-1 win at the New York Rangers on Sunday because of an undisclosed injury. He has 37 points (22 goals, 15 assists) in 61 games this season.
“All good to go,” Hyman said. “I don’t really want to get into it too much, but I’m feeling good.”
The Oilers (39-24-4) are second in the Pacific Division, four points behind the Vegas Golden Knights. -- Gerry Moddejonge

Vegas Golden Knights
Shea Theodore practiced with the Golden Knights in a noncontact jersey Tuesday for the first time since sustaining an upper-body injury at the 4 Nations Face-Off on Feb. 12.
The defenseman, who was deemed week to week following the injury, has 48 points (seven goals, 41 assists) in 55 games while averaging 22:03.
“He's doing well skating on his own; he thought he'd try to integrate with us and do a couple of drills,” coach Bruce Cassidy said. “He made it through the whole practice, so obviously he's feeling better from his injury.
“Still in a red (noncontact) jersey, so until he can take contact, we won’t really worry about when he'll be in the lineup. The closer he gets with us, the better off we’ll be. It won’t be this week. Who knows?”
William Karlsson practiced in a full-contact jersey and could play against the Boston Bruins on Thursday (10 p.m. ET; SCRIPPS, NESN, SNO, SNE, SN360, TVAS). The forward has missed the past 20 games with a lower-body injury and has 18 points (seven goals, 11 assists) in 38 games.
Karlsson took line rushes with Reilly Smith and Nicolas Roy at practice Tuesday.
“’Karly’s’ getting closer to being ready,” Cassidy said. “We’re trending for Thursday. A lot of it depends on Karly’s health. He traveled with us to get some practice time in. He’s not been cleared.
“… We’ll have a better idea probably Thursday morning or at least after [Wednesday’s] practice.”
Vegas (39-20-8) is first in the Pacific Division, four points ahead of Edmonton. -- Paul Delos Santos

Vancouver Canucks
Thatcher Demko took part in a full team skate Tuesday for the first time since sustaining a lower-body injury Feb. 8, and the goalie will travel with the Canucks on a six-game road trip that starts at the St. Louis Blues on Thursday.
Demko has missed more than five weeks and 12 games since leaving midway through the first period of a 2-1 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Feb. 8 after making six saves. He won't dress against the Winnipeg Jets on Tuesday (10 p.m. ET; SNP, TSN3), and likely needs at least one more full practice before playing, but coach Rick Tocchet.
"I know it's only a morning skate, but for him to get the full net is a big step for us to see where he'll be at here in two, three days," Tocchet said.
Kevin Lankinen, who is 23-13-7 with a 2.54 goals-against average and .904 save percentage while making an NHL career high 43 appearances this season, will start for the eighth time in nine games against Winnipeg and make his 11th start in 14 games since Demko's latest injury. Arturs Silovs started the other three games since Demko was injured, but is 2-6-1 with a 3.65 GAA and .862 save percentage this season.
It's the third time this season that Demko, who was a finalist for the Vezina Trophy as the top goalie in the NHL last season, has missed time because of injury. He missed training camp and the first 24 games this season recovering from a knee injury sustained in the first game of the 2024 Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 21. He backed up Lankinen for two games before making his season debut on Dec. 10, when he made 21 saves in a 4-3 overtime loss to the St. Louis Blues.
Demko also left a 4-3 shootout win at the Seattle Kraken on Jan. 2 with back spasms and missed the next two games.
He is 6-6-3 with a 2.87 GAA and .891 save percentage in 17 games this season. -- Kevin Woodley

Carolina Hurricanes
Andrei Svechnikov was back on the ice Monday and could return at the San Jose Sharks on Thursday (10:30 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, NBCSCA).
The forward has missed the past three games with an upper-body injury. Svechnikov skated with Hurricanes assistant Jeff Daniels before practice for the first time since playing 12:41 in a 4-2 win against the Winnipeg Jets on March 9.
"We'll find out," Carolina coach Rod Brind'Amour said when asked if Svechnikov could play Thursday. "We've got a couple more days. We'll see where he's at.
"Obviously if he doesn't practice with us, that will be an indicator that he probably won't. But he tried it a little this morning, so he's getting better."
Svechnikov has 43 points (18 goals, 25 assists) in 63 games this season for the Hurricanes (41-22-4), who have won seven in a row and are second in the Metropolitan Division.
"You're going to have injuries," Brind'Amour said. "I think guys have always stepped in and done well. We've pieced it together, and I think that's what we're doing right now." -- Kurt Dusterberg

Colorado Avalanche
Josh Manson did not play in a 4-3 overtime win against the Dallas Stars on Sunday because of an upper-body injury.
The 33-year-old defenseman has 15 points (one goal, 14 assists) while averaging 18:02 of ice time in 48 games for the Avalanche this season. Manson previously missed 12 games from Nov. 30-Dec. 22 with an upper-body injury, and seven games from Feb. 6-March 4 with a lower-body injury.
"He's getting looked at today, he's been looked at already,” coach Jared Bednar said after practice Monday. "He's getting other opinions and looking at trying to figure out what the rehab process is like. I don't have a timeline, but again, it's not day to day."
Bednar said it's not related to the upper-body injury Manson was dealing with earlier this season.
With Manson unavailable, Sam Malinski moved up to Manson’s spot next to Ryan Lindgren on the second defense pair.
Colorado (41-24-3) visits the Toronto Maple Leafs on Wednesday (7 p.m. ET; TVAS, SN, TNT, MAX). -- Ryan Boulding

Utah Hockey Club
Liam O'Brien will miss four weeks with a lower-body injury.
The forward was injured in the third period of a 4-2 loss at the Seattle Kraken on Friday and returned to Utah for further evaluation.
"[O'Brien] is an important part of our team," coach Andre Tourigny said. "We've had an injury before, so it’s just next man up. It's unfortunate. We're thinking about him, but at the same time, we're moving on."
O'Brien has two assists in 27 games this season.
March-19-2025:

Florida Panthers
Dmitry Kulikov is week to week for the Panthers, but is expected to return before the regular season ends.
The defenseman sustained an upper-body injury at 17:26 of the first period of a 4-2 loss at the New York Islanders on Sunday after falling awkwardly in the neutral zone. He played eight shifts totaling six minutes.
Kulikov has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 68 games this season, averaging 19:17 of ice time per game. He has 110 hits and 70 blocked shots.
Florida is also without defenseman Aaron Ekblad, who is serving a 20-game suspension for violating the terms of the NHL/NHLPA Performance Enhancing Substances Program, and will not be eligible to return until the third game of the Stanley Cup Playoffs. Forwards Matthew Tkachuk (lower body) and Brad Marchand (upper body) are also out.
The Panthers (41-24-3) have 14 regular-season games remaining, beginning against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNOH, SCRIPPS). They are first in the Atlantic Division and play their regular-season finale April 15.

Carolina Hurricanes
Andrei Svechnikov practiced in a noncontact jersey Wednesday and could return against the San Jose Sharks on Thursday (10:30 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, NBCSCA).
The forward has missed the past three games with an upper-body injury. Svechnikov skated with Hurricanes assistant Jeff Daniels on Monday and participated in an optional practice Tuesday.
"We will see how he feels," Carolina coach Rod Brind'Amour said after practice. "If he's obviously able to play tomorrow or the next (at the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday), we will be bringing him. If he's kind of iffy, he will probably stay behind. I'm not sure."
Svechnikov has 43 points (18 goals, 25 assists) in 63 games this season for the Hurricanes (41-22-4), who have won seven in a row and are second in the Metropolitan Division.
Dmitry Orlov could also return against the Sharks; the defenseman has missed five games with an upper-body injury. He has 24 points (four goals, 20 assists) in 62 games.
"We will see where he's at, but I would assume he'd be ready to go," Brind'Amour said.
Forward William Carrier returned to the ice before practice Wednesday for the first time since suffering an upper-body injury in a 4-0 loss against the Minnesota Wild on Jan 4. -- Kurt Dusterberg

Colorado Avalanche
Josh Manson will miss 3-4 weeks with an upper-body injury, Avalanche coach Jared Bednar said Wednesday.
The defenseman had been listed as week to week after he was injured in a 4-2 win against the Calgary Flames on March 14. Manson left that game late in the second period and did not return.
He has 15 points (one goal, 14 assists) in 48 games this season.
It will mark the third time this season Manson is out for an extended period; he missed seven games from Feb. 6-March 4 because of a lower-body injury and 12 games from Nov. 30-Dec. 22 with an upper-body injury.-- Dave McCarthy

Vegas Golden Knights
Shea Theodore practiced with the Golden Knights in a noncontact jersey Tuesday for the first time since sustaining an upper-body injury at the 4 Nations Face-Off on Feb. 12.
The defenseman, who was deemed week to week following the injury, has 48 points (seven goals, 41 assists) in 55 games while averaging 22:03.
"He's doing well skating on his own; he thought he'd try to integrate with us and do a couple of drills," coach Bruce Cassidy said. "He made it through the whole practice, so obviously he's feeling better from his injury.
"Still in a red (noncontact) jersey, so until he can take contact, we won't really worry about when he'll be in the lineup. The closer he gets with us, the better off we'll be. It won't be this week. Who knows?"
William Karlsson practiced in a full-contact jersey and could play against the Boston Bruins on Thursday (10 p.m. ET; SCRIPPS, NESN, SNO, SNE, SN360, TVAS). The forward has missed the past 20 games with a lower-body injury and has 18 points (seven goals, 11 assists) in 38 games.
Karlsson took line rushes with Reilly Smith and Nicolas Roy at practice Tuesday.
"'Karly's' getting closer to being ready," Cassidy said. "We're trending for Thursday. A lot of it depends on Karly's health. He traveled with us to get some practice time in. He's not been cleared.
"… We'll have a better idea probably Thursday morning or at least after [Wednesday's] practice."
Vegas (39-20-8) is first in the Pacific Division, four points ahead of Edmonton. -- Paul Delos Santos

Vancouver Canucks
Thatcher Demko took part in a full team skate Tuesday for the first time since sustaining a lower-body injury Feb. 8, and the goalie will travel with the Canucks on a six-game road trip that starts at the St. Louis Blues on Thursday.
Demko has missed more than five weeks and 12 games since leaving midway through the first period of a 2-1 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Feb. 8 after making six saves. He did not dress for a 6-2 win against the Winnipeg Jets on Tuesday and likely needs at least one more full practice before playing, but coach Rick Tocchet.
"I know it's only a morning skate, but for him to get the full net is a big step for us to see where he'll be at here in two, three days," Tocchet said Tuesday.
Kevin Lankinen, who is 24-13-7 with a 2.53 goals-against average and .904 save percentage while making an NHL career high 44 appearances this season, has started 11 times in the past 14 games since Demko's latest injury. Arturs Silovs started the other three games since Demko was injured, but is 2-6-1 with a 3.65 GAA and .862 save percentage this season.
It's the third time this season that Demko, who was a finalist for the Vezina Trophy as the top goalie in the NHL last season, has missed time because of injury. He missed training camp and the first 24 games this season recovering from a knee injury sustained in the first game of the 2024 Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 21. He backed up Lankinen for two games before making his season debut on Dec. 10, when he made 21 saves in a 4-3 overtime loss to the St. Louis Blues.
Demko also left a 4-3 shootout win at the Seattle Kraken on Jan. 2 with back spasms and missed the next two games.
He is 6-6-3 with a 2.87 GAA and .891 save percentage in 17 games this season. -- Kevin Woodley
March-20-2025:


Edmonton Oilers
Leon Draisaitl did not play for the Oilers against the Winnipeg Jets on Thursday.
The forward sustained an undisclosed injury during a 7-1 win against the Utah Hockey Club on Tuesday. He got tangled up with Utah defenseman Olli Maatta and fell to the ice before skating to the bench during the second period.
Draisaitl finished the game, playing 22:23, but sat out practice on Wednesday as well as the morning skate on Thursday.
"We'll treat this as day to day," Oilers coach Kris Knoblauch said. "And we'll need guys obviously stepping up with Leon's absence, the way he's been playing not necessarily lately but for the entire season.
"It's definitely being cautious. We're near the end of the regular season, hitting the playoffs. We want 100 percent from Leon when he's healthy, and this is something we do not want to linger. We feel this is something he probably could play through, maybe it's not an issue -- we certainly don't want it to be an issue for the long-term -- so this is definitely the right play, we believe."
Draisaitl leads the NHL with 49 goals and is second in points with 101, four points behind Nathan MacKinnon of the Colorado Avalanche. He had not missed a game this season.
Edmonton (40-24-4) is second in the Pacific Division, two points behind the Vegas Golden Knights.
"Leon has played through so much, he's a battler, so it's not too often he comes out of the lineup," Knoblauch said. "So we're just being cautious here." -- Gerry Moddejonge

Carolina Hurricanes
Dmitry Orlov returned against the San Jose Sharks on Thursday.
The defenseman had missed the previous five games because of an upper-body injury. He has 24 points (four goals, 20 assists) in 62 games.
Forward Andrei Svechnikov traveled with Carolina and participated in the morning skate, but he missed his fourth straight game with an upper-body injury.
"I'd say doubtful for tonight, but he looks better," Brind'Amour said before the game. "[He] had a good practice, but I think he's probably doubtful."
Svechnikov has 43 points (18 goals, 25 assists) in 63 games this season for the Hurricanes (41-22-4), who have won seven in a row and are second in the Metropolitan Division. -- Max Miller

Philadelphia Flyers
Rasmus Ristolainen will be out week to week for the Flyers because of an upper-body injury.
The defenseman, who missed his fourth straight game on Thursday against the Washington Capitals, last played in a 5-2 loss to the Ottawa Senators on March 11. He had been listed as day to day since March 14.
Ristolainen has 19 points (four goals, 15 assists) and is averaging 22:39 of ice time in 63 games this season. He also has 97 hits and 94 blocked shots.
The Flyers (28-34-8) are nine points behind the Montreal Canadiens for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference.

Florida Panthers
Dmitry Kulikov is week to week for the Panthers, but the defenseman is expected to return before the regular season ends.
Kulikov sustained an upper-body injury at 17:26 of the first period of a 4-2 loss at the New York Islanders on Sunday after falling awkwardly in the neutral zone. He played eight shifts totaling 6:00 of ice time.
He has 13 points (four goals, nine assists) in 68 games this season, averaging 19:17 of ice time per game. He has 110 hits and 70 blocked shots.
Florida also is without defenseman Aaron Ekblad, who is serving a 20-game suspension for violating the terms of the NHL/NHLPA Performance Enhancing Substances Program and will not be eligible to return until the third game of the Stanley Cup Playoffs. Forwards Matthew Tkachuk (lower body) and Brad Marchand (upper body) also are out.
The Panthers (42-24-3), who in are first in the Atlantic Division, play their regular-season finale April 15.

Colorado Avalanche
Josh Manson will miss 3-4 weeks because of an upper-body injury, Avalanche coach Jared Bednar said Wednesday.
The defenseman had been listed as week to week after he was injured during a 4-2 win against the Calgary Flames on March 14. Manson left that game late in the second period and did not return.
He has 15 points (one goal, 14 assists) in 48 games this season.
It will mark the third time this season Manson is out for an extended period; he missed seven games from Feb. 6-March 4 because of a lower-body injury and 12 games from Nov. 30-Dec. 22 because of an upper-body injury. -- Dave McCarthy
March-21-2025:

Minnesota Wild
Jonas Brodin could return after missing nine games with an upper-body injury when the Wild host the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday (2 p.m. ET; FDSNWI, FDSNNO, MSG-B).
“I think it’s a strong possibility, not a guarantee,” Minnesota coach John Hynes said Friday.
The defenseman was paired alongside Jared Spurgeon during practice Friday. Brodin, who has not played since a 5-2 loss at the Colorado Avalanche on Feb. 28, has been limited to 38 games this season because of three separate injuries, with 18 points (four goals, 14 assists).
Forward Marcus Johansson, who missed a 4-0 win against the Seattle Kraken on Wednesday with an illness, and center Marco Rossi, who left during the first period with a lower-body injury, each is expected to play against the Sabres.
“I’m not hiding anything,” Hynes said. “The way this year has gone, I could go downstairs in five minutes and all three guys are out. All three are in, or three new guys out -- but all look like they have strong possibilities to play.
“I just don’t want to say something and then it comes back, but all of them look like they are ready to potentially play.”
Minnesota will be without forward Marcus Foligno for a third straight game because of an upper-body injury. The Wild (39-25-5) hold the first wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Western Conference, six points ahead of the St. Louis Blues and four points behind the Avalanche for third place in the Central Division. Minnesota has a game in hand on St. Louis and Colorado. -- Jessi Pierce
Carolina Hurricanes
Dmitry Orlov returned for a 3-1 win against the San Jose Sharks on Thursday.
The defenseman, who had one shot and one blocked shot in 17:36 of ice time, had missed the previous five games because of an upper-body injury. He has 24 points (four goals, 20 assists) in 63 games this season.
Andrei Svechnikov missed his fourth straight game with an upper-body injury; the forward has 43 points (18 goals, 25 assists) in 63 games for the Hurricanes (42-22-4), who have matched a season-long eight-game winning streak and are in second place in the Metropolitan Division, eight points ahead of the third-place New Jersey Devils with two games in hand.
Carolina plays at the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday (4 p.m. ET; FDSNW, FDSNSO). -- Max Miller
Philadelphia Flyers
Rasmus Ristolainen is week to week for the Flyers because of an upper-body injury.
The defenseman is expected to miss his fifth straight game when the Flyers visit the Dallas Stars on Saturday (2 p.m. ET; Victory+, NBCSP). He last played in a 5-2 loss to the Ottawa Senators on March 11 and had been listed as day to day since March 14.
Ristolainen has 19 points (four goals, 15 assists) and is averaging 20:31 of ice time in 63 games this season. He also has 97 hits and 94 blocked shots.
The Flyers (28-34-8) are 10 points behind the Montreal Canadiens for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference.
March-22-2025:


Vancouver Canucks
Forwards Elias Pettersson and Nils Hoglander could be out of the lineup when the Canucks play the New Jersey Devils at Prudential Center on Monday (7:30 p.m. ET; Disney+, HULU, ESPN+, Prime).
Pettersson and Hoglander each sustained undisclosed injuries and did not play the third period in Vancouver's 5-3 loss to the New York Rangers on Saturday.
"If you had to ask me now it'd probably be doubtful (Pettersson and Hoglander play in New Jersey)," Vancouver coach Rick Tocchet said. "We're going to have to call somebody up. I think we have one recall left. We're going to have to get a center. Saying right now I don't know, but it is possible that they won't (play)."
The Canucks are already without center Filip Chytil (upper body), who is not with the team on its six-game road trip.
They also play the New York Islanders on Wednesday, the Columbus Blue Jackets on Friday and the Winnipeg Jets next Sunday before returning home.
Vancouver is three points behind the St. Louis Blues for the second wild-card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Western Conference.
"Hey, this is a test for all of us," Tocchet said. "It's adversity. You've got to learn from this stuff. It makes you better in the long run. Whether it's bad luck or whatever, it's something you can learn from." -- Dan Rosen

Detroit Red Wings
Erik Gustafsson is out "long-term" for the Red Wings because of an undisclosed injury.
The defenseman did not play the final 3:18 of a 4-1 loss to the Washington Capitals on Tuesday. Gustafsson has 18 points (two goals, 16 assists) in 60 games this season, averaging 18:31 of ice time per game.
"'Gus' is going to be long-term. What does that mean? I don't know," Detroit coach Todd McLellan said Friday. "But he won't play probably until the end of the regular season."
The Red Wings (32-30-6) have 16 games remaining in the regular season, beginning at the Vegas Golden Knights on Saturday (8 p.m. ET; ABC, ESPN+). They are four points behind the Montreal Canadiens for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference.
Forward Elmer Soderblom is also out Saturday with an undisclosed injury. Soderblom traveled with the Red Wings for the road trip, which also includes games at Utah (Monday) and at Colorado (Tuesday).
"He's still day to day. He's doing a workout off ice," McLellan said. "He's coming on the trip, and we're hoping he'll play at some point on it."
Soderblom did not play the final 7:07 against the Capitals. He has nine points (three goals, six assists) in 22 games this season.
Detroit recalled forward Austin Watson and defenseman Brogan Rafferty as emergency recalls from Grand Rapids of the American Hockey League on Friday. Watson is expected to play Saturday. -- Paul Delos Santos

Minnesota Wild
Jonas Brodin returned for a 4-1 win against the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday after missing nine games with an upper-body injury.
The defenseman was paired alongside Jared Spurgeon. He had an assist and was plus-1 in 20:21 of ice time.
Brodin, who had not played since a 5-2 loss at the Colorado Avalanche on Feb. 28, has been limited to 38 games this season because of three separate injuries, with 18 points (four goals, 14 assists).
Forward Marcus Johansson, who missed a 4-0 win against the Seattle Kraken on Wednesday with an illness, and center Marco Rossi, who left during the first period with a lower-body injury, each was also in the lineup.
Minnesota (40-25-5) was without forward Marcus Foligno for a third straight game because of an upper-body injury.
The Wild entered Saturday in the first wild card from the West, six points ahead of the St. Louis Blues. -- Jessi Pierce

Carolina Hurricanes
Jordan Staal (lower-body injury) and Shayne Gostisbehere (illness) did not play against the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday.
Staal, a center and the Hurricanes captain, has 33 points (12 goals, 21 assists) in 68 games and missed his first game of the season.
Gostisbehere has 38 points (seven goals, 31 assists) in 60 games and leads all Carolina defensemen in goals, assists and points.
Forward Juha Jaaska entered the lineup after he was recalled from Chicago of the American Hockey League on Friday. He has four assists in 17 games.
Defenseman Scott Morrow (one goal, two assists in six games) took Gostisbehere's place. -- Dan Greenspan

Philadelphia Flyers
Rasmus Ristolainen is week to week for the Flyers because of an upper-body injury.
The defenseman missed his fifth straight game at the Dallas Stars on Saturday, a 3-2 overtime loss. He hasn't played since March 11, a 5-2 loss to the Ottawa Senators, and had been listed as day to day since March 14.
Ristolainen has 19 points (four goals, 15 assists) and is averaging 20:31 of ice time in 63 games this season. He also has 97 hits and 94 blocked shots.
The Flyers (28-34-9) are 10 points behind the Canadiens for the second wild card in the East.
March-23-2025:


Vancouver Canucks
Thatcher Demko returned to a full practice Sunday for the first time since sustaining a lower-body injury last month.
"I feel good," the Canucks goalie said. "I mean, it's that of year where practices are kind of hard to come by. A lot of tight games, emotions are high, and rest is a weapon this time of year. So, I'm just trying to find the repetitions when I can get them and whether that's been helping out for morning skates or luckily, today, we had a full team skate, to get out there for that, I felt good."
Demko left midway through the first period of a 2-1 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Feb. 8 after making six saves. He participated in a few morning skates prior to the Canucks starting a six-game road trip March 20.
"That's probably as close to a full practice as he's had so far but he's starting to feel pretty good, so we'll see what happens,” coach Rick Tocchet said.
Vancouver plays the third game of the trip at the New Jersey Devils on Monday (7:30 p.m. ET; Disney+, HULU, ESPN+, Prime).
It's the third time this season that Demko, who was a finalist for the Vezina Trophy as the top goalie in the NHL last season, has missed time because of injury. He missed training camp and the first 24 games this season recovering from a knee injury sustained in the first game of the 2024 Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 21. He backed up Kevin Lankinen for two games before making his season debut Dec. 10, when he made 21 saves in a 4-3 overtime loss to the St. Louis Blues.
Demko also left a 4-3 shootout win at the Seattle Kraken on Jan. 2 with back spasms and missed the next two games.
He is 6-6-3 with a 2.87 goals-against average and .891 save percentage in 17 games this season. There remains no timetable for the 29-year-old’s return.
"I can't give you a game that I'm aiming for, but I'm on the right track," Demko said. "I think right now is just kind of last step of the rehab where it's making sure that you're just getting the reps to build that capacity back up. Obviously when you're not on the ice for five weeks or whatever it was, there's a little bit of rust. You're trying to get the feel back for the game, get your reads going, your pace, your conditioning, and just the capacity on the joints and in the body to sustain the schedule. So, today was a good step for all that stuff."
Elias Pettersson and Nils Hoglander could be out Monday after each forward sustained an undisclosed injury and did not play in the third period of a 5-3 loss at the New York Rangers on Saturday.
“At this moment, they’re day to day,” Tocchet said. “They’re pretty sore and banged up, so we’ll see what 24 hours does. … I don’t know. I mean, I couldn’t tell you for sure either way [if they’ll play Monday].”
Vancouver (32-26-12) is already without center Filip Chytil (upper body), who is not on the trip. -- Mike G. Morreale

Detroit Red Wings
Erik Gustafsson is out "long term" for the Red Wings because of an undisclosed injury.
The defenseman did not play the final 3:18 of a 4-1 loss to the Washington Capitals on Tuesday. Gustafsson has 18 points (two goals, 16 assists) in 60 games this season, averaging 18:31 of ice time per game.
"'Gus' is going to be long-term. What does that mean? I don't know," Detroit coach Todd McLellan said Friday. "But he won't play probably until the end of the regular season."
The Red Wings (32-31-6) have 15 games remaining in the regular season after a 6-3 loss at the Vegas Golden Knights on Saturday. They are five points behind the Montreal Canadiens for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference.
Forward Elmer Soderblom also did not play Saturday because of an undisclosed injury. Soderblom traveled with the Red Wings for the road trip, which also includes games at the Utah Hockey Club (Monday) and the Colorado Avalanche (Tuesday).
"He's still day to day. He's doing a workout off ice," McLellan said. "He's coming on the trip, and we're hoping he'll play at some point on it."
Soderblom has nine points (three goals, six assists) in 22 games this season.
Detroit recalled forward Austin Watson and defenseman Brogan Rafferty as emergency recalls from Grand Rapids of the American Hockey League on Friday. Watson played 8:53 Saturday. -- Paul Delos Santos
March-24-2025:


Vancouver Canucks
Thatcher Demko was activated from injured reserve and started at the New Jersey Devils on Monday.
"Listen, he's a world-class goalie and he's had some bad luck," Canucks coach Rick Tocchet said. "He's really worked on certain things on his body that he's trying to figure out, and he's starting to get healthy and putting that base together. So, he’s itching to go. I wish we had a couple more practices for him, but we're in a spot right now, but he's healthy enough to play. So, anytime he's healthy, you're going to go with him."
Demko practiced on Sunday for the first time since the goalie sustained a lower-body injury last month. He left midway through the first period of a 2-1 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Feb. 8 after making six saves.
Demko participated in a few morning skates prior to the Canucks starting a six-game road trip on March 20.
It was the third time this season that Demko, who was a finalist for the Vezina Trophy as the top goalie in the NHL last season, had missed time because of injury. He missed training camp and the first 24 games while recovering from a knee injury he sustained during the first game of the 2024 Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 21. He backed up Kevin Lankinen for two games before making his season debut Dec. 10, when he made 21 saves in a 4-3 overtime loss to the St. Louis Blues.
Demko also left a 4-3 shootout win at the Seattle Kraken on Jan. 2 with back spasms, resulting in him missing the next two games.
He is 6-6-3 with a 2.87 goals-against average and .891 save percentage in 17 games this season.
"I feel good," Demko said on Sunday. "I mean, it's that time of year where practices are kind of hard to come by. A lot of tight games, emotions are high, and rest is a weapon this time of year. So, I'm just trying to find the repetitions when I can get them, and whether that's been helping out for morning skates or luckily, today, we had a full team skate, to get out there for that, I felt good."
Elias Pettersson and Nils Hoglander did not play on Monday after each forward sustained an undisclosed injury and did not play in the third period of a 5-3 loss at the New York Rangers on Saturday. Pettersson and Hoglander both returned to Vancouver and will not be with the team for the remainder of their six-game road trip, which has three more games after Monday.
Vancouver (32-26-12) is already without center Filip Chytil (upper body), who is not on the six-game road trip. -- Mike G. Morreale

Columbus Blue Jackets
Forward Sean Monahan and defenseman Erik Gudbranson returned for the Blue Jackets against the New York Islanders on Monday.
"I'm really excited, a little nervous,"Monahan said. "It's been a while, but it's a good feeling to get back out there and play some hockey again. ... It's an important time of the year, so I'm going to try and do whatever I can to help the team win."
Monahan, who missed 28 games due to a wrist injury, has 41 points (14 goals, 27 assists) in 41 games. He centered the Blue Jackets' top line on Monday with Kent Johnson and Kirill Marchenko, with Adam Fantilli dropping to the second line.
Gudbranson had not played since Oct. 15, when he sustained a shoulder injury in just the third game of the season. He skated on the third defense pair alongside Denton Mateychuk.
"They've been a big part of our team," Columbus coach Dean Evason said. "... [Gudbranson's] a big presence within our locker room and obviously on the ice. He wears a letter on our team, so, big presence. 'Monny' obviously is a major part of our team, so it's nice to have both of them back in our lineup here tonight."
The Blue Jackets (31-29-9), who have lost six straight games (0-5-1) and are 1-7-1 in their past nine games, are four points behind the Montreal Canadiens for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference. -- Stefen Rosner

Winnipeg Jets
Gabriel Vilardi is week to week for the Jets with an upper-body injury.
Coach Scott Arniel said it was not an ear injury after a puck struck Vilardi in a 5-3 loss to the Buffalo Sabres on Sunday.
Vilardi is third for Winnipeg in goals (27) and points (61) in an NHL career-high 71 games this season. His 12 power-play goals lead the team, and his 25 power-play points are second.
"His puck possession skills, his albility to be around the net," Arniel said about what the Jets would miss in his absence. "Obviously the power play, his netfront presence."
Alex Iafallo will replace Vilardi on the top line with center Mark Scheifele and left wing Kyle Connor.
Winnipeg (48-19-4) is first in the Western Conference and can clinch a playoff berth Tuesday with one point against the Washington Capitals (8 p.m. ET; TVAS, TSN3, MNMT) or if the St. Louis Blues lose to the Montreal Canadiens in any fashion (8 p.m. ET; Matrix-MW, Victory+, TSN2, RDS).

Detroit Red Wings
Jeff Petry will return to the lineup for the Red Wings against the Utah Hockey Club on Monday (9 p.m. ET; FDSNDET, Utah16).
The defenseman has missed the last 31 games with an undisclosed injury and has six points (one goal, five assists) in 34 games this season.
"Well, we're getting a veteran, a guy that's played in must-win situations, and we're getting into that situation already," Red Wings coach Todd McLellan said Monday. "[We're getting] some stability, we're hoping defensively. [We're] giving up too many goals, so we're hoping that we get that. But in fairness to him, if we're counting on him to lead us to the promised land after being out for two months, that's not fair. We just need a good, solid game from him."
Petry will replace William Lagesson in the lineup.
The Red Wings (32-31-6) have lost nine of their past 11 games (2-9-0) and are five points behind the Canadiens for the second wild card in the East. -- Matt Komma

New Jersey Devils
Ondrej Palat will return against the Canucks on Monday (7:30 p.m. ET; Disney+, HULU, ESPN+, Prime).
The forward, who missed the past two games with a lower-body injury, participated in the morning skate on a line with center Dawson Mercer and right wing Tomas Tatar and also took shifts on a penalty-killing unit.
"I didn't like what our lineup looked like without Palat," New Jersey coach Sheldon Keefe said. "When Palat speaks, guys listen. He helps settle the group down. He's played in such high stakes situations and played in every situation ... power play, penalty kill, playing with elite players.
"I think there's been a void in our group, quite frankly, the last couple of games without him and, on the ice, he does a lot of the hard work, gives consistent effort, competitiveness. To me, he drives our group in a lot of ways and is very important and you really felt that when he wasn't around the last little bit."
The Devils (37-28-6) have lost their past two games without Palat and are third in the Metropolitan Division, six points ahead of the Rangers. -- Mike G. Morreale

Calgary Flames
Mikael Backlund skated prior to practice before joining the team on Monday but it is unclear if he could return against the Seattle Kraken on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; SNW, KONG, KHN).
The Flames captain has missed the past four games since he sustained an upper-body injury in a 4-3 shootout loss to the Vancouver Canucks on March 12. He was listed as week to week on March 14.
"I don't even know if we're there yet," Flames coach Ryan Huska said about a return for Backlund. "We have to see how he reacts after practice, so we'll go from there."
Backlund has 24 points (11 goals, 13 assists) in 64 games this season, averaging 17:17 of ice time per game.
"I know he worked really hard and it was nice to see him on the ice, so hopefully it continues to progress him along," Huska said. "It's another step in the right direction."
Defenseman MacKenzie Weegar is day to day and did not practice Monday because of a lower-body injury. He did not play in a 4-3 overtime win against the New York Islanders on Sunday.
He has 41 points (seven goals, 34 assists) in 68 games this season.
"My gut says we see him tomorrow, but we'll have to see how things go," Huska said.

Washington Capitals
Jakob Chychrun is questionable to play at Winnipeg on Tuesday (8 p.m. ET; TVAS, TSN3, MNMT) after not practicing Monday.
Chychrun was cut near the right wrist by Aleksander Barkov's skate blade in the first period of the Capitals' 6-3 win against the Florida Panthers on Saturday and returned at the start the second period to finish the game after being stitched up.
Washington coach Spencer Carbery said there was "a little bit" of concern about whether Chychrun will be able to play Tuesday.
"We'll see how he feels tomorrow, but [we are] very fortunate that there was no significant damage," Carbery said. "But it's still a significant cut." -- Tom Gulitti

Montreal Canadiens
Kaiden Guhle practiced fully with the Canadiens on Monday for the first time since sustaining a lower-body injury Jan. 28.
The defenseman, who has missed 18 games, wore a regular jersey, and will join the team for its upcoming road trip that begins at St. Louis on Tuesday, coach Martin St. Louis said.
Guhle has 14 points (four goals, 10 assists) in 44 games this season.
The Canadiens (33-27-9) hold the second wild card in the East, one point ahead of the Rangers with two games in hand.
March-25-2025:


Vegas Golden Knights
Shea Theodore returned for the Golden Knights at the Minnesota Wild on Tuesday.
The defenseman hadn't played since he sustained an upper-body injury at the 4 Nations Face-Off on Feb. 12.
"He's been skating, looks good," Vegas coach Bruce Cassidy said. "Part of [his] game we missed the most was neutral zone transition breakouts. He can be a one-man breakout for sure, so that part of our game was still solid, but that's one of his best attributes."
Theodore, who has 48 points (seven goals, 41 assists) in 55 games while averaging 22:03 of ice time, resumed skating March 19. He played on a defense pair with Brayden McNabb.
"It's been long, for sure," Theodore said. "You never want to miss any time. Unfortunate injury, but I feel good and hopefully feel stronger. This time of year, any kind of boost is good. I'm feeling fresh resting my legs a little bit over the past couple of weeks, so I just (want to bring) a little bit of energy."
Tomas Hertl did not make the three-game road trip after the forward suatained an upper-body injury during a 4-2 win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Sunday.
"Tomas went into the end boards real hard after the breakaway," general manager Kelly McCrimmon said on the Vegas Insider Show on Monday. "I think he made an attempt at the rebound before being hit into the boards. He didn't make the trip with us. He remained home, so he won't play this week. He'll get tests done, I think he got some done [Monday] and I think some more [Tuesday] to determine exactly what we're dealing with, but he’ll be missing this trip."
Hertl leads the Golden Knights with 31 goals and is third with 59 points in 70 games this season. He has eight goals in his past 10 games.
"You can’t just plug someone in there and expect them to be Tomas," Cassidy said. "But at the end of the day, we've got a lot of good players. We've got five guys in the lineup regularly that can play center. …We'll put Nic Roy there with (Pavel) Dorofeyev and (Brandon) Saad (tonight). I think Nic’s turned the corner a little bit offensively. He’s a big body as well; plays a little bit like Tomas, so we’ll see how it goes. If not, we’ll move some other pieces around."
Vegas (42-20-8) is first in the Pacific Division, five points ahead of the Los Angeles Kings and Edmonton Oilers. -- Jessi Pierce

Boston Bruins
Charlie McAvoy practiced in a noncontact jersey Tuesday for the first time since sustaining a shoulder injury and infection during the 4 Nations Face-Off last month.
The Bruins defenseman, who was playing for the United States, was hospitalized in Boston during the best-on-best tournament after being injured in Montreal.
McAvoy has 23 points (seven goals, 16 assists) in 50 games this season and leads Boston in time on ice per game (23:40).
"It’s good for the morale of the team to have him around," Bruins coach Joe Sacco said. "He’s progressing the way he should be right now. He’s not pushing himself any more than he has to. When he’s available he’ll be in the lineup. When he’s ready."
Boston (30-33-9) has lost six in a row (0-5-1), including 7-2 at the Los Angeles Kings on Sunday, and trails Montreal by six points for the second wild card in the East.
The Bruins visit the Anaheim Ducks on Wednesday (10 p.m. ET; Victory+, KCOP-13, NESN, TVAS).

Detroit Red Wings
Petr Mrazek is out with an undisclosed injury and did not play at the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday.
The goalie left at 1:38 of the first period in the Red Wings' 5-1 win against the Utah Hockey Club on Monday with an undisclosed injury after making one save. Alex Lyon replaced him and stopped 16 of 17 shots.
"He won't be available for us the rest of this trip, obviously," Detroit coach Todd McLellan said after the game. "We've only got one game tomorrow, and he wasn't scheduled to play, so when we get back to Detroit, he'll get evaluated. We've got the other two that we've got to play, that we can play."
Mrazek, who was acquired in a trade with the Chicago Blackhawks on March 8, is 2-2-0 with a 2.49 goals-against average and .902 save percentage in five games with the Red Wings. Lyon is 12-8-1 with a 2.70 GAA and .901 save percentage in 26 games (22 starts).
Detroit also has Cam Talbot, who is 17-16-3 with a 3.02 GAA and .899 save percentage in 38 games (35 starts) this season.
The Red Wings (33-31-6), who will host the Ottawa Senators on Thursday, are three points behind the Montreal Canadiens for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference.

Buffalo Sabres
Josh Norris did not play against his former team, the Senators, on Tuesday because of a middle-body injury.
The injury is something the center, who was acquired by Buffalo from Ottawa with defenseman Jacob Bernard-Docker before the NHL Trade Deadline on March 7 for center Dylan Cozens, defenseman Dennis Gilbert and a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft, has been "dealing with throughout the year and kind of reaggravated it."
Tuesday was the sixth straight game he's missed. He traveled with the Sabres on their four-game road trip last week but has not practiced with the team.
"Slow progress, it's felt like, but yeah, I'm feeling better, and hopefully be back soon," Norris said.
Norris said it was reaggravated over an accumulation of games, but it was in a 7-3 loss to the Red Wings on March 12 when it felt the worst.
"Obviously, it's not ideal," he said. "It's always frustrating to be hurt. Wanted to come in here and just join the team and be here for the rest of the year. At the same time, I need to be smart about it, too."
Norris had 156 points (90 goals, 66 assists) in 236 games over parts of six seasons with the Senators. He has one goal and one assist in three games for the Sabres.
Jordan Greenway was absent from the morning skate with a lower-body injury. The forward is day to day, coach Lindy Ruff said. He was injured in the first period a 5-3 win against the Winnipeg Jets on Sunday. -- Heather Engel

Winnipeg Jets
Gabriel Vilardi is week to week for the Jets with an upper-body injury.
Coach Scott Arniel said it was not an ear injury after a puck struck the forward i in a 5-3 loss to the Sabres on Sunday.
Vilardi is third on the Jets in goals (27) and points (61) in an NHL career-high 71 games this season. His 12 power-play goals lead Winnipeg, and his 25 power-play points are second.
"His puck possession skills, his ability to be around the net," Arniel said about what the Jets would miss in his absence. "Obviously the power play, his netfront presence."
Alex Iafallo will replace Vilardi on the top line with center Mark Scheifele and left wing Kyle Connor.
Winnipeg (48-19-4) is first in the West and can clinch a playoff berth Tuesday with one point against Washington or if the St. Louis Blues lose to Montreal in any fashion.

Carolina Hurricanes
Andrei Svechnikov (upper body) did not play against the Nashville Predators at Lenovo Center on Tuesday but is expected to return against the Montreal Canadiens on Friday.
The forward, who has missed seven straight games, returned to practice last week and traveled with the Hurricanes on a four-game West Coast trip.
"I think we're at a point now where he could have went tonight," Carolina coach Rod Brind'Amour said. "But he hasn't had a real good practice, and the way that travel was, it just didn't feel like tonight would be the right night. I would anticipate if everything keeps going in the right direction, he will be in the next game."
Svechnikov has 43 points (18 goals, 25 assists) in 63 games.
The Hurricanes (43-23-4), who have won nine of 10, are second in the Metropolitan Division, nine points ahead of the New Jersey Devils. -- Kurt Dusterberg
March-26-2025:


Vegas Golden Knights
Alex Pietrangelo may not play at all during the Golden Knights' three-game road trip.
The defenseman was a late scratch for a 5-1 win against the Minnesota Wild on Tuesday with a lower-body injury. He is day to day.
"I don't know if he'll play on this trip, but I don't expect anything to be long term there," Golden Knights coach Bruce Cassidy said after the game.
Pietrangelo has 32 points (four goals, 28 assists) in 67 games this season and leads Vegas in ice time per game (22:29).
Vegas has two games remaining on the road trip: at the Chicago Blackhawks on Friday and the Nashville Predators on Saturday.
Tomas Hertl did not make the road trip after the forward sustained an upper-body injury during a 4-2 win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Sunday.
Hertl leads the Golden Knights with 31 goals and is third with 59 points in 70 games this season. He has eight goals in his past 10 games.
Vegas (42-20-8) is first in the Pacific Division, five points ahead of the Los Angeles Kings.

Edmonton Oilers
Leon Draisaitl (undisclosed) participated in the morning skate but did not play in a 4-3 loss to the Dallas Stars on Wednesday.
Draisaitl and Oilers captain Connor McDavid (lower body) are expected to miss Edmonton’s next few games.
“Leon will be back sooner than Connor,” coach Kris Knoblauch said. “We’re looking about a week, maybe shorter for Leon, and Connor will be longer than that.”
Draisaitl is tied for second in the NHL with 101 points (49 goals, 52 assists) in 68 games. He was injured during a 7-1 win against the Utah Hockey Club on March 18.
McDavid, who is tied for fourth in the League with 90 points (26 goals, and 64 assists) in 63 games, was injured during the second period of a 4-3 overtime loss to the Winnipeg Jets on March 20.
The Oilers visit the Kraken on Thursday (10 p.m. ET; KHN, KING 5, KONG, SNP, SNE, SN1) and host the Calgary Flames on Saturday.
“It was nice to see Leon skating around out there,” Edmonton forward Kasperi Kapanen said. “Obviously, we miss both Connor and Leon. I think [Draisaitl] has to get healthy first and not risk it, but it was good to see him out there.” -- Derek Van Diest

Pittsburgh Penguins
Evgeni Malkin (upper body) will not play at the Buffalo Sabres on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; SN-PIT, MSG-B)
The 38-year-old forward wore a noncontact jersey at practice Wednesday after missing a 6-1 loss at the Tampa Bay Lightning on Tuesday. He's day to day.
"As talented as he is, one would think that those guys never suffer challenges with confidence, but they're human," Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said. "When it doesn't go the right way, I think 'Geno' is one of those guys. When it goes the right way, it's the opposite; when he's feeling good and he's confident and he's satisfied with his overall game, he tends to be a momentum player. He can ride that momentum."
In his 19th NHL season, Malkin is fifth on the Penguins with 46 points (15 goals, 31 assists) in 62 games, including 12 points (six goals, six assists) in 15 games since returning Feb. 22 from a lower-body injury after a six-game absence.
Ryan Shea will return to the Penguins lineup. The defenseman missed seven games with an upper-body injury.
Pittsburgh (29-33-11) is six games behind the Montreal Canadiens for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference. -- Wes Crosby

Detroit Red Wings
Petr Mrazek is out with an undisclosed injury and will not play against the Ottawa Senators at Little Caesars Arena on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNDETX, TSN5, RDS2).
The goalie left 1:38 into the first period of a 5-1 win against the Utah Hockey Club on Monday after making one save. He did not play in a 5-2 loss at the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday.
Mrazek, who was acquired in a trade with the Chicago Blackhawks on March 7, is 2-2-0 with a 2.49 goals-against average and .902 save percentage in five games with the Red Wings.
Goalie Alex Lyon will start for the Red Wings against the Senators. He made 17 saves in relief of Mrazek on Monday and allowed four goals on 27 shots to the Avalanche.
Cam Talbot is available to back up after missing Tuesday because of an injury and Sebastian Cossa will be returned to Grand Rapids of the American Hockey League
The Red Wings (33-32-6) are three points behind the Canadiens for the second wild card from the East.

Carolina Hurricanes
Andrei Svechnikov is expected to return against the Canadiens on Friday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, TSN2, RDS).
The forward, who has missed seven straight games with an upper-body injury, returned to practice last week and traveled with the Hurricanes on their West Coast trip.
"I think we're at a point now where he could have went tonight," Carolina coach Rod Brind'Amour said prior to a 3-1 loss to the Nashville Predators on Tuesday. "But he hasn't had a real good practice, and the way that travel was, it just didn't feel like tonight would be the right night. I would anticipate if everything keeps going in the right direction, he will be in the next game."
Svechnikov has 43 points (18 goals, 25 assists) in 63 games.
The Hurricanes (43-24-4) are second in the Metropolitan Division, seven points ahead of the New Jersey Devils. -- Kurt Dusterberg
March-27-2025:


Minnesota Wild
Kirill Kaprizov and Joel Eriksson Ek skated for the first time in several weeks on Thursday.
The forwards were on the ice prior to the morning skate ahead of the Wild's game against the Washington Capitals at Xcel Energy Center.
Kaprizov has missed the past 23 games and Eriksson Ek the past 16. Coach John Hynes said they will join the team for a three-game road trip through the New York area next week.
"They started skating, they were on this morning," Hynes said. "Now I will tell you guys, it's only the first step in. It's still week to week. That's not anything different, but they are on that next protocol of getting on the ice, doing some skating, touching some pucks and things like that. But the status of their return, it's nothing imminent. It's still a week-to-week basis."
The Wild (40-27-5) have 10 games remaining and hold the first wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Western Conference. They're two points ahead of the St. Louis Blues with one game in hand and trail the Colorado Avalanche by six points for third in the Central Division.
"When I mean week to week, and I'll be up front with you guys if it looks like they're progressing to go, but this is truly the first step of getting back on," Hynes said. "It's nothing imminent. They will not play, but they will be on the trip."
Marcus Foligno is expected to return after the forward missed five games with an upper-body injury.
"I'm going to wait and see how he is after practice, but all probability he will be [in]," Hynes said. "We're planning on him playing unless he comes off the ice and says he can't." -- Jessi Pierce

Edmonton Oilers
Stuart Skinner is out with a head injury and did not travel for the Oilers against the Seattle Kraken at Climate Pledge Arena on Thursday.
The goalie was injured at 6:34 of the third period in a 4-3 loss to the Dallas Stars on Wednesday. Skinner was inadvertently hit in the head by Mikko Rantanen at the top of his crease when the Stars forward cut in front of the net to circle behind the goal line chasing the puck.
"I just touched base with him. He's doing much better today," Oilers coach Kris Knoblauch said. "Unfortunately, he won't be joining us tonight or the next few days, and we'll see down the road when he joins us."
Skinner left the game after allowing four goals on 21 shots and was replaced by Calvin Pickard, who stopped all three shots he faced.
Pickard started against the Kraken. Goalie Olivier Rodrigue was recalled from Bakersfield of the AHL on an emergency basis, and forward Derek Ryan was sent down.
Edmonton remains without forwards Leon Draisaitl (undisclosed) and Connor McDavid (lower body), the second- and fourth-leading scorers in the NHL. The game Thursday was the third without both.
The Oilers (41-25-5) are third in the Pacific Division, two points behind the Los Angeles Kings and seven behind the Vegas Golden Knights. -- Derek Van Diest

New York Rangers
Matt Rempe is week to week with an upper-body injury.
The forward fought Tanner Jeannot of the Los Angeles Kings at 15:33 of the second period in a 3-1 loss at Crypto.com Arena on Tuesday, returning to play 31 seconds of the third. He missed a 4-3 loss to the Toronto Maple Leafs at Madison Square Garden on March 20 because of an illness.
The Rangers play the second of a three-game West Coast trip against the Anaheim Ducks at Honda Center on Friday (10 p.m. ET; Victory+, KCOP-13, MSG 2, SNP, SNW, SNE, TVAS). They've lost four of five and trail the Montreal Canadiens by one point for the second wild card into the playoffs from the East with the Canadiens holding two games in hand.
Forward Brett Berard, a healthy scratch against the Kings, could get back into the lineup in Anaheim.

Buffalo Sabres
Jason Zucker did not play against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Thursday because of a family matter.
The forward was not on the ice for the morning skate. Isak Rosen filled his spot at left wing on a line with Peyton Krebs and Alex Tuch.
"He's not going to be available," Sabres coach Lindy Ruff said. "He's dealing with just a family matter right now, so hopefully back [against the Philadelphia Flyers on Saturday]."
Zucker is fifth on the Sabres with 46 points (19 goals, 27 assists) in 62 games. He signed a two-year, $9.5 million contract ($4.75 million average annual value) with Buffalo on March 7.
Sam Lafferty rejoined the team for the morning skate and skated in his usual spot at right wing on the fourth line. However, he missed his third straight game with a groin injury.
"Lafferty is being evaluated right now, but I don't think [he'll be available]," Ruff said. -- Heather Engel

Pittsburgh Penguins
Evgeni Malkin (upper body) did not play against the Buffalo Sabres.
The 38-year-old forward wore a noncontact jersey during practice Wednesday after missing a 6-1 loss at the Tampa Bay Lightning on Tuesday. He is day to day.
"As talented as he is, one would think that those guys never suffer challenges with confidence, but they're human," Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said. "When it doesn't go the right way, I think 'Geno' is one of those guys. When it goes the right way, it's the opposite; when he's feeling good and he's confident and he's satisfied with his overall game, he tends to be a momentum player. He can ride that momentum."
In his 19th NHL season, Malkin is fifth on the Penguins with 46 points (15 goals, 31 assists) in 62 games, including 12 points (six goals, six assists) in 15 games since returning Feb. 22 from a lower-body injury.
Pittsburgh (29-33-11) is six points behind the Montreal Canadiens for the second wild card from the Eastern Conference. -- Wes Crosby

Vegas Golden Knights
Alex Pietrangelo may not play at all during the Golden Knights' three-game road trip.
The defenseman was a late scratch for a 5-1 win against the Minnesota Wild on Tuesday with a lower-body injury. He is day to day.
"I don't know if he'll play on this trip, but I don't expect anything to be long term there," Golden Knights coach Bruce Cassidy said after the game.
Pietrangelo has 32 points (four goals, 28 assists) in 67 games this season and leads Vegas in ice time per game (22:29).
Vegas has two games remaining on the road trip: at the Chicago Blackhawks on Friday and the Nashville Predators on Saturday.
Tomas Hertl did not make the trip after the forward sustained an upper-body injury during a 4-2 win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Sunday.
Hertl leads the Golden Knights with 31 goals and is third with 59 points in 70 games. He has eight goals in his past 10 games.
Vegas (42-20-8) is first in the Pacific Division, five points ahead of the Los Angeles Kings.

Carolina Hurricanes
Andrei Svechnikov is expected to return against the Canadiens on Friday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, TSN2, RDS).
The forward, who has missed seven straight games with an upper-body injury, returned to practice last week and traveled with the Hurricanes on their West Coast trip.
"I think we're at a point now where he could have went tonight," Carolina coach Rod Brind'Amour said prior to a 3-1 loss to the Nashville Predators on Tuesday. "But he hasn't had a real good practice, and the way that travel was, it just didn't feel like tonight would be the right night. I would anticipate if everything keeps going in the right direction, he will be in the next game."
Svechnikov has 43 points (18 goals, 25 assists) in 63 games.
The Hurricanes (43-24-4) are second in the Metropolitan Division, seven points ahead of the New Jersey Devils. -- Kurt Dusterberg

Chicago Blackhawks
Kevin Korchinski was recalled from Rockford of the AHL on Thursday, and the defenseman will play against the Vegas Golden Knights at United Center on Friday (8:30 p.m. ET; CHSN, SCRIPPS, SN360).
The 20-year-old has 27 points (three goals, 24 assists) in 54 AHL games this season.
"I think his game's evolved a lot defensively in terms of he's quieter, holds his position better, knows when to go, knows when to hold," Blackhawks coach Anders Sorensen said. "And I think offensively too, I think his awareness of when there's a play to be made here or when I have to just live to fight another day and put a puck in an area.
"Playing a lot of minutes down there has helped in those situations, because you have to manage your minutes, so to speak, so that's been a real positive development area for him."
Sorensen said Alec Martinez (upper body) is improving but won't play Friday. The defenseman was injured when he was driven into the boards by Jake Neighbours in the first period of a 4-1 loss to the St. Louis Blues on March 22. -- Tracey Myers
March-28-2025:

Carolina Hurricanes
Andrei Svechnikov returned to the lineup against the Montreal Canadiens on Friday.
The forward had missed the past seven games with an upper-body injury. He last played in a 4-2 win against the Winnipeg Jets on March 9.
"It's going to be hard," Svechnikov said. "I missed two-and-a-half weeks. I'll just go out there and have a first couple shifts, play pretty hard, and we'll see."
Svechnikov has 43 points (18 goals, 25 assists) in 63 games this season.
"It's a physical presence," Carolina coach Rod Brind'Amour said Friday. "And if we can get him on the other stuff -- the scoring, being a factor on the offense -- that's a home run for us. With (William Carrier) being out, there's a heaviness to our group that we're missing there."
Carrier, a forward, has missed 32 games with a lower-body injury.
The Hurricanes (43-24-4) are second in the Metropolitan Division, seven points ahead of the New Jersey Devils with two games in hand. -- Kurt Dusterberg

Columbus Blue Jackets
Cole Sillinger returned from an upper-body injury when the Blue Jackets hosted the Vancouver Canucks on Friday
The forward was injured on Feb. 27 against the Detroit Red Wings and missed 11 games.
"Any time you're sitting up top and watching, when the boys are in there fighting in this battle of this close race, just the only thing that's really going through my mind is I'm just eager to get back," he said.
The Blue Jackets (32-29-9) are two points behind the Montreal Canadiens for the second wild card into Stanley Cup playoffs from the Eastern Conference, having played one more game.
Sillinger has 29 points (nine goals, 20 assists) in 54 games. He will enter the lineup in place of forward James van Riemsdyk.
With the return of forward Sean Monahan and defenseman Erik Gudbranson in a 4-3 win against the New York Islanders on Monday, the Blue Jackets currently do not have anyone out with injury. -- Craig Merz

Edmonton Oilers
Stuart Skinner is out with a head injury and is not expected to play against the Calgary Flames on Saturday (10 p.m. ET; CBC, SN, CITY).
The goalie was injured at 6:34 of the third period in a 4-3 loss to the Dallas Stars on Wednesday. Skinner was inadvertently hit in the head by Mikko Rantanen at the top of his crease when the Stars forward cut in front of the net to circle behind the goal line chasing the puck.
He did not travel for a 6-1 loss to the Seattle Kraken at Climate Pledge Arena on Thursday.
"I just touched base with him. He's doing much better today," Oilers coach Kris Knoblauch said Thursday. "Unfortunately, he won't be joining us tonight or the next few days, and we'll see down the road when he joins us."
Skinner left the game after allowing four goals on 21 shots and was replaced by Calvin Pickard, who stopped all three shots he faced.
Pickard started against the Kraken. Goalie Olivier Rodrigue was recalled from Bakersfield of the AHL on an emergency basis, and forward Derek Ryan was sent down.
Edmonton remains without forwards Leon Draisaitl (undisclosed) and Connor McDavid (lower body), the second- and fourth-leading scorers in the NHL. The game Thursday was the third without both.
The Oilers (41-26-5) are third in the Pacific Division, two points behind the Los Angeles Kings and seven behind the Vegas Golden Knights. -- Derek Van Diest

Minnesota Wild
Kirill Kaprizov and Joel Eriksson Ek skated for the first time in several weeks on Thursday.
The forwards were on the ice prior to the morning skate ahead of the Wild's 4-2 win against the Washington Capitals at Xcel Energy Center.
Kaprizov has missed the past 23 games and Eriksson Ek 17. Coach John Hynes said they will join the team for a three-game road trip through the New York area next week.
"They started skating, they were on this morning," Hynes said. "Now I will tell you guys, it's only the first step in. It's still week to week. That's not anything different, but they are on that next protocol of getting on the ice, doing some skating, touching some pucks and things like that. But the status of their return, it's nothing imminent. It's still a week-to-week basis."
The Wild (41-27-5) have nine games remaining and hold the first wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Western Conference. They're two points ahead of the St. Louis Blues with one game in hand and trail the Colorado Avalanche by six points for third in the Central Division.
"When I mean week to week, and I'll be up front with you guys if it looks like they're progressing to go, but this is truly the first step of getting back on," Hynes said. "It's nothing imminent. They will not play, but they will be on the trip."
Defenseman David Jiricek sustained a lacerated spleen playing for Iowa of the American Hockey League on March 22 and will be out for the season.
He is expected to make a full recovery and be ready for the start of next season.
Jiricek, the No. 6 pick in the 2022 NHL Draft by the Columbus Blue Jackets, was acquired by the Wild in a trade on Nov. 30, 2024. He has a goal and an assist in six NHL games with Minnesota this season, and 13 points (two goals, 11 assists) in 59 regular-season games with the Wild and Blue Jackets. -- Jessi Pierce

St. Louis Blues
Jimmy Snuggerud signed a three-year, entry-level contract with the Blues on Friday and is expected to join the team on Monday.
The 20-year-old forward led the University of Minnesota with 51 points (24 goals, 27 assists) in 40 games, tying for sixth in goals and fifth in points in the NCAA. The junior, who was captain of Minnesota, was named to the All-Big Ten First Team and named a top 10 Hobey Baker finalist.
The Blues (39-28-7) have won eight straight games and hold the second wild card in the Western Conference, five points ahead of the Vancouver Canucks and two points behind the Minnesota Wild.

Chicago Blackhawks
Kevin Korchinski was recalled from Rockford of the AHL on Thursday, and the defenseman will play against the Vegas Golden Knights at United Center on Friday (8:30 p.m. ET; CHSN, SCRIPPS, SN360).
The 20-year-old has 27 points (three goals, 24 assists) in 54 AHL games this season.
"I think his game's evolved a lot defensively in terms of he's quieter, holds his position better, knows when to go, knows when to hold," Blackhawks coach Anders Sorensen said Thursday. "And I think offensively too, I think his awareness of when there's a play to be made here or when I have to just live to fight another day and put a puck in an area.
"Playing a lot of minutes down there has helped in those situations, because you have to manage your minutes, so to speak, so that's been a real positive development area for him."
Sorensen said Alec Martinez (upper body) is improving but won't play Friday. The defenseman was injured when he was driven into the boards by Jake Neighbours in the first period of a 4-1 loss to the St. Louis Blues on March 22. -- Tracey Myers

New York Rangers
Matt Rempe is week to week with an upper-body injury.
The forward fought Tanner Jeannot of the Los Angeles Kings at 15:33 of the second period in a 3-1 loss at Crypto.com Arena on Tuesday, returning to play 31 seconds of the third. He missed a 4-3 loss to the Toronto Maple Leafs at Madison Square Garden on March 20 because of an illness.
The Rangers play the second of a three-game West Coast trip against the Anaheim Ducks at Honda Center on Friday (10 p.m. ET; Victory+, KCOP-13, MSG 2, SNP, SNW, SNE, TVAS). They've lost four of five and trail the Montreal Canadiens by one point for the second wild card into the playoffs from the East with the Canadiens holding two games in hand.
With Rempe out, forward Brett Berard, a healthy scratch against the Kings, is expected to return to the lineup.
March-29-2025:


Edmonton Oilers
Leon Draisaitl returned against the Calgary Flames on Saturday.
"I still have to check with the staff," Oilers coach Kris Knobauch said. "He was on the ice to see if he was able to play and I’ll confirm with our medical staff to see if he’s cleared, but I think there’s a good chance he is playing."
The center, who has missed four games with an undisclosed injury, took regular line rushes during the morning skate. He is third in the NHL with 101 points and leads the League with 49 goals.
"I felt good out there," Draisaitl said after the morning skate. "Obviously, I have to talk to the doctors and see what the final decision is, but all I can say is I felt pretty good this morning."
Draisaitl got tangled up with Utah Hockey Club defenseman Olli Maatta, falling to the ice and wincing in pain before skating to the bench in the second period of a 7-1 win on March 18.
"I'll play through anything if it's at the right time," Draisaitl said. "... I think this is not the time where you tinker with things like that looking at the big picture."
Edmonton is 1-2-1 without Draisaitl.
"To see him out there obviously doing rushes and that sort of thing, hopefully he feels good and all is well, but certainly would be great to have him back," Oilers forward Adam Henrique said.
The Oilers remain without center Connor McDavid (lower body) for the fourth straight game and goalie Stuart Skinner (head) for the second straight game.
Skinner was injured at 6:34 of the third period in a 4-3 loss to the Dallas Stars on Wednesday. He was inadvertently hit in the head by Mikko Rantanen at the top of his crease when the Stars forward cut in front of the net to circle behind the goal line chasing the puck. He did not play in a 6-1 loss to the Seattle Kraken on Thursday.
"Day to day, to a week," Knoblauch said of Skinner. "It’s up in the air, but it’s not immediate that he’s returning."
Edmonton (41-26-5) is third in the Pacific Division, two points behind the Los Angeles Kings and 11 behind the Vegas Golden Knights. -- Derek Van Diest

Calgary Flames
Connor Zary is week to week with a lower-body injury.
The Flames forward left a 5-2 loss to the Dallas Stars on Thursday 7:10 into the third period following a collision with Stars forward Mikko Rantanen. He had an assist in 12:56 of ice time.
"Hopefully it’s on the shorter end of that (week-to-week) scale, so we’ll see how it goes," Calgary coach Ryan Huska said Saturday.
Zary previously missed 14 games from Jan. 11-Feb. 23 because of an injury to his left knee. He has 27 points (13 goals, 14 assists) in 54 games this season.
"He went through a lot after his first injury trying to get back ready to play, so you hate to see a player get injured again," Huska said. "Unfortunately, he’s going to have to do the same thing again to get himself ready to go. He’s a good young man with a good head on his shoulders and I know he'll commit to his rehab."
The Flames (34-26-11) are eight points behind the St. Louis Blues for the second wild card in the Western Conference with four games in hand.

Seattle Kraken
Chandler Stephenson returned against the Dallas Stars on Saturday.
The center missed three games with an upper-body injury suffered in a 4-0 loss at the Minnesota Wild on March 19.
Stephenson, who signed a seven-year contract with Seattle on July 1, 2024, is second on the team in scoring with 48 points (11 goals, 37 assists) in 69 games, trailing forward Jaden Schwartz (51 points).
Seattle was 1-1-1 during Stephenson's absence.
The Kraken (31-36-6) were eliminated from playoff contention on Saturday when the St. Louis Blues defeated the Colorado Avalanche 2-1. -- Darren Brown

Dallas Stars
Tyler Seguin participated in the Stars' morning skate prior to their game at the Seattle Kraken on Saturday, the next step in his recovery process.
Seguin, a center, has not played since a 3-1 win against the Winnipeg Jets on Dec. 1. The 33-year-old had hip surgery Dec. 5 and was expected to need 4-6 months to recover.
"He looks good," Dallas coach Pete DeBoer said. "Next steps are getting the wind and the cardio [back], so he had a good little skate there."
Seguin had 20 points (nine goals, 11 assists) in 19 games before the surgery. He remains on long-term injured reserve.
"We've got a whole sports science department that really comes up with a plan on work rate and work load, and you can see they monitor everything," DeBoer said on how Seguin is working his way back to game speed. "Everything is structured and orchestrated, so we just try and follow the recommendations, but he’s taken some big steps." -- Darren Brown

Pittsburgh Penguins
Bokondji Imama will miss the rest of the season after having biceps surgery Saturday.
The forward is expected to recover in 4-6 months. He was out for a 7-3 loss at the Buffalo Sabres on Thursday after playing 5:41 in a 6-1 loss at the Tampa Bay Lightning on Tuesday.
Imama had one goal in 16 games for Pittsburgh after playing most of this season with Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the AHL.
Imama scored in a 6-3 win against the Columbus Blue Jackets on March 21, his second goal in 31 NHL games during four seasons.
"He's a terrific person," Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said after that victory. "He brings so much positive energy to the rink every day. It's hard not to smile when you're around him. He's just an enthusiastic person.
"He loves hockey. He loves being at the rink. He loves being part of the team. He loves being a Penguin."
Imama signed a one-year, $775,000 contract with Pittsburgh on July 1, 2024.
Evgeni Malkin skated on an individual basis Saturday. The center could miss a third straight game with an upper-body injury against the Ottawa Senators on Sunday (5 p.m. ET; SN-PIT, TSN5, RDS). -- Wes Crosby

St. Louis Blues
Jimmy Snuggerud signed a three-year, entry-level contract with the Blues on Friday and is expected to join them Monday.
The 20-year-old forward led the University of Minnesota with 51 points (24 goals, 27 assists) in 40 games, tying for sixth in goals and fifth in points in the NCAA. The junior, who was Minnesota captain, was named to the All-Big Ten First Team and named a top 10 Hobey Baker finalist.
St. Louis (40-28-7) has won nine straight games and holds the second wild card in the West, six points ahead of the Vancouver Canucks. The Blues are even in the wild card standings with the Minnesota Wild, but have played one more game.
March-30-2025:


Dallas Stars
Tyler Seguin participated in the Stars' morning skate prior to their 5-1 win at the Seattle Kraken on Saturday, the next step in his recovery process.
Seguin, a center, has not played since a 3-1 victory against the Winnipeg Jets on Dec. 1. The 33-year-old had hip surgery Dec. 5 and was expected to need 4-6 months to recover.
"He looks good," Dallas coach Pete DeBoer said. "Next steps are getting the wind and the cardio [back], so he had a good little skate there."
Seguin had 20 points (nine goals, 11 assists) in 19 games before the surgery. He remains on long-term injured reserve.
"We've got a whole sports science department that really comes up with a plan on work rate and workload, and you can see they monitor everything," DeBoer said on how Seguin is working his way back to game speed. "Everything is structured and orchestrated, so we just try and follow the recommendations, but he’s taken some big steps."
The Stars (48-21-4) clinched a berth in the Stanley Cup Playoffs on Saturday. They visit the Kraken again on Monday (10 p.m. ET; KHN, Victory+, KONG, TVAS). -- Darren Brown

Calgary Flames
Connor Zary is week to week with a lower-body injury.
The Flames forward left a 5-2 loss to the Stars on Thursday in the third period following a collision with Dallas forward Mikko Rantanen. He had an assist in 12:56 of ice time.
"Hopefully it’s on the shorter end of that (week-to-week) scale, so we’ll see how it goes," Calgary coach Ryan Huska said Saturday before a 3-2 overtime loss at the Edmonton Oilers.
Zary previously missed 14 games from Jan. 11-Feb. 23 because of an injury to his left knee. He has 27 points (13 goals, 14 assists) in 54 games this season.
"He went through a lot after his first injury trying to get back ready to play, so you hate to see a player get injured again," Huska said. "Unfortunately, he’s going to have to do the same thing again to get himself ready to go. He’s a good young man with a good head on his shoulders and I know he'll commit to his rehab."
The Flames (34-26-12) are seven points behind the St. Louis Blues for the second wild card in the Western Conference with three games in hand.

St. Louis Blues
Jimmy Snuggerud signed a three-year, entry-level contract with the Blues on Friday and is expected to join them Monday.
The 20-year-old forward led the University of Minnesota with 51 points (24 goals, 27 assists) in 40 games, tying for sixth in goals and fifth in points in the NCAA. The junior, who was Minnesota captain, was named to the All-Big Ten First Team and named a top 10 Hobey Baker finalist.
St. Louis (40-28-7) has won nine straight games and holds the second wild card in the West, six points ahead of the Vancouver Canucks. The Blues are even in the wild-card standings with the Minnesota Wild but have played one more game.

Pittsburgh Penguins
Bokondji Imama will miss the rest of the season after having biceps surgery Saturday.
The forward is expected to recover in 4-6 months. He was out for a 7-3 loss at the Buffalo Sabres on Thursday after playing 5:41 in a 6-1 loss at the Tampa Bay Lightning on March 25.
Imama had one goal in 16 games for Pittsburgh after playing most of this season with Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the AHL.
Imama scored in a 6-3 win against the Columbus Blue Jackets on March 21, his second goal in 31 NHL games during four seasons.
"He's a terrific person," Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said after that victory. "He brings so much positive energy to the rink every day. It's hard not to smile when you're around him. He's just an enthusiastic person.
"He loves hockey. He loves being at the rink. He loves being part of the team. He loves being a Penguin."
Imama signed a one-year, $775,000 contract with Pittsburgh on July 1, 2024.
Evgeni Malkin skated on an individual basis Saturday. The center could miss a third straight game with an upper-body injury against the Ottawa Senators on Sunday (5 p.m. ET; SN-PIT, TSN5, RDS).
The Penguins (29-34-11) trail the New York Rangers by eight points for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference. -- Wes Crosby
March-31-2025:


Boston Bruins
Charlie McAvoy practiced in a regular jersey Monday, although there is still no timeline for the defenseman's return.
McAvoy, who has not played since the 4 Nations Face-Off, sustained an injury to his right shoulder while playing for the United States against Finland on Feb. 13. He played with the team against Canada on Feb. 15 before being admitted to Massachusetts General Hospital with pain in his shoulder. He was diagnosed with an infection and a significant injury to his AC joint.
"We're going one day at a time, I think that's how I'm approaching it and how our staff is as well, just doing every day what we can to try and improve my shoulder," McAvoy said.
When asked if it was more about pain or building strength, McAvoy said, "Both."
McAvoy, who joined the Bruins for a portion of their recent road trip, has 23 points (seven goals, 16 assists) in 50 games this season.
"He's out of the red (noncontact) jersey, he was into a black jersey, which is the next step in his progression," Bruins interim coach Joe Sacco said. "Today (he) was able to start some initial contact with the group. We still have no timeline on his return yet."
Asked if he would return to play with Boston (30-35-9) unlikely to qualify for the Stanley Cup Playoffs, Sacco said, "I think if he's ready and he's cleared to play, like any player, they want to get back in there." -- Amalie Benjamin

Vegas Golden Knights
Tomas Hertl will not return this week, Golden Knights coach Bruce Cassidy said Monday.
The forward has not played since sustaining an upper-body injury in a 4-2 win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on March. 23.
"Hertl won't be available this week; that's all I know," Cassidy said after practice. "We'll do our best to update you after that."
Hertl is tied for the Golden Knights lead with 31 goals and is third with 59 points in 70 games this season. He has eight goals in his past 10 games.
Vegas hosts the Edmonton Oilers on Tuesday (10 p.m. ET; SCRIPPS, SN1, TVAS).
Alex Pietrangelo is nearing a return from a lower-body injury; the defenseman was a late scratch for a 5-1 win against the Minnesota Wild on March 25 and did not play during the Golden Knights' three-game road trip.
"'Petro' was out with the group today, will not play tomorrow," Cassidy said. "I don't believe he will play tomorrow but he's in a regular jersey, so he's close."
Goalie Ilya Samsonov is day to day with a lower-body injury. He was a late scratch prior to a 3-1 win against the Nashville Predators on Saturday.

New York Rangers
Gabe Perreault signed his entry-level contract with the Rangers on Monday.
The 19-year-old forward was chosen by New York in the first round (No. 23) of the 2023 NHL Draft recently completed his sophomore season at Boston College with 48 points (16 goals, 32 assists) in 37 games and was named a Hockey East First Team All-Star.
Perreault, who will report to the Rangers, is expected to play in the NHL this season, although it is unclear if he will be in the lineup for their next game against the Minnesota Wild on Wednesday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNNO, MSGSN).
He also won consecutive gold medals for the United States at the 2024 and 2025 IIHF World Junior Championship.
Perreault's father, Yanic Perreault, had 516 points (247 goals, 269 assists) in 859 regular-season games for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Los Angeles Kings, Montreal Canadiens, Nashville Predators, Phoenix Coyotes and Chicago Blackhawks.

Colorado Avalanche
Taylor Makar, the brother of Avalanche defenseman Cale Makar, signed a one-year, entry-level contract Monday.
The 24-year-old forward finished the 2024-25 NCAA season tied for first in goals (18) and second in points (30) in 38 games with the University of Maine.
He also led the team with six game-winning goals.
Maine was eliminated from the NCAA Division I Ice Hockey Tournament in a 5-1 loss to Penn State on Friday.
Makar had 52 points (33 goals, 19 assists) in 123 college hockey games, including 22 points (15 goals, seven assists) in 85 games with the University of Massachusetts Amherst, where he played from 2021-24 before transferring to Maine.
Makar was selected by Colorado in the seventh round (No. 220) of the 2021 NHL Draft. He will play the remainder of the season on an amateur tryout contract with Colorado of the American Hockey League. -- Ryan Boulding
April-4-2025:

Pittsburgh Penguins
Evgeni Malkin returned from an upper-body injury against the Dallas Stars on Saturday.
The center practiced Friday after missing four games. Malkin has 46 points (15 goals, 31 assists) in 62 games.
The Penguins sent forward Emil Bemstrom to Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League on Friday.
Pittsburgh (30-34-12) is nine points behind the Montreal Canadiens for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference. -- Taylor Baird

Ottawa Senators
Brady Tkachuk did not play in a 3-0 win against the Florida Panthers on Saturday because of an upper-body injury and is doubtful to play against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Sunday (5 p.m. ET; RDS2, TSN5, FDSNOH).
The forward, who missed his third straight game, has not resumed skating.
"I was hoping he was going to skate today, but he’s not going to," coach Travis Green said Friday. "So, it's about all I can say about it."
Tkachuk was injured on a hit by Penguins defenseman Ryan Graves during Ottawa's 1-0 overtime loss March 30. He remains day to day.
Tkachuk leads Ottawa with 29 goals in 71 games, and his 55 points are third.
"He's a big piece to our team," forward Ridly Greig said. "He brings a lot of compete and that kind of emotional side of the game. Everybody has kind of got to step up a little bit and there's a lot more minutes for somebody out there, so guys have to step up."
The Senators (41-29-6) hold the first wild card in the East, seven points ahead of the Canadiens, and are four points back of the Panthers for third place in the Atlantic Division. -- Callum Fraser

Florida Panthers
Aleksander Barkov did not play in a 3-0 loss at the Ottawa Senators on Saturday and will also be unavailable against the Detroit Red Wings on Sunday because of an upper-body injury.
"It's not serious, but he’s not playing this weekend," Florida coach Paul Maurice said Friday.
The forward and Panthers captain appeared to sustain the injury during a 3-2 overtime loss at Montreal on April 1. Barkov left with 6:09 remaining in the second period but returned for the start of the third, ultimately playing 18:27.
Barkov did not play in a 3-2 loss at the Toronto Maple Leafs on Wednesday. He is second on the Panthers with 67 points (19 goals, 48 assists) in 64 games.
Florida was also without forward Nico Sturm, who sustained an upper-body injury against the Canadiens.
Sturm could play when the Panthers start a four-game homestand against he Maple Leafs on Tuesday.
"He'll get pushed here today, off ice today and tomorrow on ice," Maurice said. "If all goes well, he'll be available to us when we get back or the middle part of the week."
Florida, which is 0-3-1 in its past four games, is one point behind the Tampa Bay Lightning for second in the Atlantic Division, and four ahead of the fourth-place Senators. -- Derek Van Diest

St. Louis Blues
Dylan Holloway is week to week because of a lower-body injury.
The forward was hit by Penguins forward Rutger McGroarty with 2:51 remaining in the first period of the Blues' 5-4 overtime win Thursday. He played one more shift before leaving the game with 1:03 left in the first.
"He went and saw a doctor today and he's not back yet so we don't have information, but he's not going to be a player for the next couple of games," Blues coach Jim Montgomery said earlier Friday. "Saturday and Monday [against the Colorado Avalanche and Winnipeg Jets], he's not going to play. That I know."
Holloway is third on the Blues with 63 points (26 goals, 37 assists) in 77 games.
At practice on Friday, Jake Neighbours skated in Holloway's spot on a line with Brayden Schenn and Jordan Kyrou, and Jimmy Snuggerud was on a line with Robert Thomas and Pavel Buchnevich.
"He's shown us a lot. He's a hockey player," Montgomery said of Snuggerud, who had an assist Thursday for his first NHL point in his second game. "He's making plays and he's competing. As long as that maintains and stays up, I say that cautiously. This is the NHL and to be an every-day player in the NHL is not easy. You see it a lot with young players."
Forward Alexandre Texier did not practice Friday and won't play Saturday because of an upper-body injury.
The Blues (42-28-7), who have won 11 straight games, are two points ahead of the Minnesota Wild for the first wild card in the Western Conference. -- Lou Korac

Dallas Stars
Jamie Benn missed his second straight game because of a lower-body injury against the Penguins on Saturday.
The forward didn't play in a 5-1 win against the Nashville Predators on Thursday, ending his consecutive games played streak at 371, which was the fifth-longest active streak in the NHL. It was the first game the Stars captain had missed since Jan. 30, 2021.
“It's very rare. I don't know if I've coached a game without him on the bench," Stars coach Pete DeBoer said Thursday. "But when he's not there you see other guys step up and it's not just the guys wearing the letters. We've got a lot of hidden leadership in that room behind Jamie. Jamie is obviously the guy, but we have a lot of layers of leadership underneath Jamie which you see when he's not around."
Benn has 45 points (16 goals, 29 assists) in 74 games this season.
Dallas (50-21-4) is four points behind the first place Winnipeg Jets in the Central Division, and can tie a Stars/Minnesota North Stars record with an eighth straight win Saturday. -- Taylor Baird
Toronto Maple Leafs
Jake McCabe and David Kampf will not play for the Maple Leafs against the Columbus Blue Jackets at Scotiabank Arena on Saturday (7 p.m. ET; CBC, SNO, SNP, FDSNOH).
McCabe, a defenseman, left a 3-2 win against the Panthers on Wednesday late in the third period because of an undisclosed injury.
Kampf, a forward, left after the second period against Florida because of an upper-body injury.
Coach Craig Berube said each is day to day.
Philippe Myers, who has been scratched the past 11 games, will replace McCabe in the lineup and skate on a pair with Simon Benoit, with Oliver Ekman-Larsson moving up to play with Chris Tanev.
"I'm not sure when it happened [for McCabe]," Berube said. "He does a lot of things for us in terms of a shutdown defenseman. His defensive play, physical play, leadership. He brings a lot, penalty kill. It's hard to sit here and say we can replace him. It's pretty tough."
McCabe has 23 points (two goals, 21 assists), a plus-23 rating and averages 21:31 of ice time in 66 games.
Nicholas Robertson, who has been scratched the past three games, will replace Kampf and skate at right wing on a line with left wing Steven Lorentz and center Pontus Holmberg.
Kampf has 13 points (five goals, eight assists) in 59 games.
The Maple Leafs are three points ahead of the Lightning for first place in the Atlantic Division. -- Dave McCarthy

Vancouver Canucks
Tyler Myers has an undisclosed injury and did not play against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday.
Canucks coach Rick Tocchet said Friday the defenseman is considered day to day. Myers left a 5-0 loss to the Seattle Kraken on Wednesday with 11:47 remaining in the third period.
"Something happened last game," Tocchet said. "Tried to play thought it, that's 'Mysie,' but we shut him down the last 12."
The Canucks were also without forward Nils Aman, who left practice early after falling hard into the boards.
"He's going to get evaluated," Tocchet said. "That didn't look good either. ... Hopefully it's nothing really bad, but it looked bad from my angle."
Nils Hoglander practiced Friday and said he was feeling good, but the forward did not play Saturday. Hoglander has missed six games because of an undisclosed injury.
"He's getting close," Tocchet said. "He'll problaby phone me tonight that he wants to play, but we've got to just wait a game or two and see."
Filip Chytil watched practice but remains in concussion protocol, Tocchet said. The forward has been out since March 15.
April-5-2025:
April-6-2025:


Washington Capitals
Aliaksei Protas is week to week with a lower-body injury, Capitals coach Spencer Carbery announced Sunday.
The forward told NHL.com he sustained a skate cut to his foot in the third period of a 5-3 win against the Chicago Blackhawks on Friday. Protas finished with two shots on goal in 11:39 of ice time.
He is third on the Capitals with 66 points (30 goals, 36 assists) and is a team-best plus-40 in 76 games this season.
Anthony Beauvillier was in the lineup for a 4-1 loss at the New York Islanders on Sunday with Protas unavailable. Washington (49-19-9) would have clinched the Metropolitan Division with a win. -- Stefen Rosner

Ottawa Senators
Brady Tkachuk missed his fourth straight game against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Sunday because of an upper-body injury.
The forward and Senators captain did not play in a 3-0 win against the Florida Panthers on Saturday and has not resumed skating.
"I was hoping he was going to skate today, but he’s not going to," coach Travis Green said Friday. "So, it's about all I can say about it."
Tkachuk was injured on a hit by Pittsburgh Penguins defenseman Ryan Graves during Ottawa's 1-0 overtime loss March 30. He remains day to day.
Tkachuk leads the Senators with 29 goals in 71 games, and his 55 points are third.
"He's a big piece to our team," forward Ridly Greig said. "He brings a lot of compete and that kind of emotional side of the game. Everybody has kind of got to step up a little bit and there's a lot more minutes for somebody out there, so guys have to step up."
Ottawa (41-29-6) holds the first wild card in the Eastern Conference, seven points ahead of the Montreal Canadiens. It trails Florida by four points for third place in the Atlantic Division. -- Callum Fraser

Florida Panthers
Aleksander Barkov missed his third straight game against the Detroit Red Wings on Sunday because of an upper-body injury.
The Panthers center and captain did not play in a 3-0 loss at Ottawa on Saturday.
"It's not serious, but he’s not playing this weekend," Florida coach Paul Maurice said Friday.
Barkov appeared to sustain the injury during a 3-2 overtime loss at Montreal on April 1. He left with 6:09 remaining in the second period but returned for the start of the third, ultimately playing 18:27.
He did not play in a 3-2 loss at the Toronto Maple Leafs on Wednesday.
Barkov is second on the Panthers with 67 points (19 goals, 48 assists) in 64 games.
Florida is also expected to again be without forward Nico Sturm, who sustained an upper-body injury against the Canadiens and did not play Saturday.
Sturm could play when the Panthers start a four-game homestand against the Maple Leafs on Tuesday.
Florida (44-28-4) has lost four in a row (0-3-1) and is two points behind the Tampa Bay Lightning for second in the Atlantic, and four ahead of the fourth-place Senators. -- Derek Van Diest

Dallas Stars
Jamie Benn returned against the Minnesota Wild on Sunday after missing two games with an upper-body injury.
The 35-year-old forward had a streak of 371 consecutive games played, the fifth-longest in the NHL -- end with the recent absence. He has 45 points (16 goals, 29 assists) in 74 games this season.
“He’ll be excited to play, so it’s nice to have him back,” Stars coach Pete DeBoer said. “He’s missed when he’s not out there for a bunch of different reasons, not just on the ice, but his leadership off the ice.
“He’s a world-class player, and he’s a big body. He brings some things to our group that we don’t have a lot of that are really unique to him, so he’s missed when he’s not there.”
Benn was right wing of the third line alongside Wyatt Johnston and Mavrik Bourque. Colin Blackwell was a healthy scratch. -- Jessi Pierce

Los Angeles Kings
Drew Doughty is questionable against the Seattle Kraken on Monday (10:30 p.m. ET; FDSNW, KHN, KONG).
The defenseman did not practice Sunday after missing the last 7:46 of the third period in a 3-0 win against the Edmonton Oilers on Saturday. Doughty has been limited or held out of practices and morning skates to manage his left ankle after breaking it in a preseason game against the Vegas Golden Knights on Sept. 25.
He made his season debut Jan. 29 and has 17 points (four goals, 13 assists) in 28 games while averaging a team-high 24:18 of ice time.
“No, I think everything is precautionary, what I could call it, but not a concern,” Kings coach Jim Hiller said Sunday. “I mean, we said he’ll be dealing with something the rest of the way, so he’s never going to be 100 (percent).
“We just want to make sure, you know, schedule, minutes, timing, all those kinds of things, that we keep him relatively fresh.”
Alex Turcotte (upper body) returned to practice Sunday in a noncontact jersey, the forward’s first on-ice work with the team after missing seven games. Turcotte has 23 points (eight goals, 15 assists) in 64 games.
“That’s progress, back on the ice with the jersey on,” Hiller said. “I thought he looked good today. We’ll be careful where he goes. I wouldn’t expect him anytime soon, but progress for sure.” -- Dan Greenspan

St. Louis Blues
Dylan Holloway is week to week because of a lower-body injury.
The forward was hit by Penguins forward Rutger McGroarty with 2:51 remaining in the first period of the Blues' 5-4 overtime win Thursday. He played one more shift before leaving the game with 1:03 left in the first.
Holloway is third on the Blues with 63 points (26 goals, 37 assists) in 77 games.
The Blues (43-28-7), who have won 12 straight games, are four points ahead of the Wild for the first wild card in the Western Conference. -- Lou Korac
April-7-2025:


Los Angeles Kings
Drew Doughty did not play for the Kings in a 2-1 loss to the Seattle Kraken on Monday.
The defenseman did not practice on Sunday after missing the final 7:46 of the third period in a 3-0 win against the Edmonton Oilers on Saturday. Doughty has been limited or held out of practices and morning skates to manage his left ankle after breaking it in a preseason game against the Vegas Golden Knights on Sept. 25.
Since making his season debut Jan. 29, Doughty has 17 points (four goals, 13 assists) in 28 games while averaging a team-high 24:18 of ice time.
Defenseman Joel Edmundson also did not play in the loss to the Kraken. He is day to day with an upper-body injury.
“Drew is whatever, he’s the same as he always is,” coach Jim Hiller said after the loss. “We got to give him a little time. And 'Eddie' is day to day, so those really weren’t hard decisions just based on that. So, we’re not sure when they’ll be back.”
Los Angeles (44-24-9) has clinched a Stanley Cup Playoff berth and is second in the Pacific Division, four points ahead of the Oilers and five behind the Golden Knights.
Alex Turcotte (upper body) returned to practice on Sunday in a noncontact jersey, the forward’s first on-ice work with the team after missing seven games. Turcotte has 23 points (eight goals, 15 assists) in 64 games.
“That’s progress, back on the ice with the jersey on,” Hiller said. “I thought he looked good today. We’ll be careful where he goes. I wouldn’t expect him anytime soon, but progress for sure.” -- Dan Greenspan

Winnipeg Jets
Nikolaj Ehlers did not play for the Jets in a 3-1 win against the St. Louis Blues on Monday.
It was the second straight game the forward has missed. Ehlers, who has 63 points (24 goals, 39 assists) in 67 games this season, left a 4-0 win at the Vegas Golden Knights on Thursday after he took pucks off his foot and the inside of his leg on separate plays.
“Just obviously the comfort level, got out there with the (morning) skate, which is great,” Winnipeg coach Scott Arniel said. “So, we’ll just see how he is after or this afternoon and take it from there.”
Arniel also said defenseman Neal Pionk, who has missed 12 games with a lower-body injury, is nearing a return, and forward Gabriel Vilardi (upper body), who has missed seven, is close to resuming skating.
The Jets (53-21-4) are at the top of the NHL standings, three points ahead of the Washington Capitals. -- Darrin Bauming

Carolina Hurricanes
Jordan Staal, Andrei Svechnikov and Jalen Chatfield could each return for the Hurricanes against the Buffalo Sabres on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; FDSNO, MSG-B).
Staal, a center and the Hurricanes captain, has missed four games because of a lower-body injury. He has 33 points (12 goals, 21 assists) and is plus-13 in 71 games this season.
Svechnikov (undisclosed) has missed the past two games after the forward returned for three following a seven-game absence because of an upper-body injury. He has 45 points (19 goals, 26 assists) in 66 games.
Chatfield, a defenseman, missed a 5-1 loss at the Boston Bruins on Saturday. He has 17 points (six goals, 11 assists) and is plus-19 in 75 games.
“We’ve got a lot of guys out of the lineup; that’s not ideal,” Carolina coach Rod Brind’Amour said after practice Monday. “I don’t know what the lineup is going to be (Tuesday), I don’t know who is available yet. The guys that were skating today, that’s a positive sign, but I don’t know. More than anything, it’s mitigating risk probably by taking them out.”
Jesperi Kotkaniemi played 7:42 on Saturday before he left the game in the second period. The forward did not practice Monday and was being evaluated. Kotkaniemi has 31 points (11 goals, 20 assists) in 76 games.
The Hurricanes (46-26-4) have clinched a playoff berth and are second in the Metropolitan Division, seven points ahead of the New Jersey Devils.
“It’s tough when all that is going on, but we’ve put ourselves in a good spot,” Brind’Amour said. “Inevitably, it’s not going to matter. We’re going to get to the next phase.” -- Kurt Dusterberg

Toronto Maple Leafs
Jake McCabe and David Kampf each will not travel and will miss the Maple Leafs’ next two games, against the Florida Panthers on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; ESPN, TSN4) and the Tampa Bay Lightning on Wednesday.
“They’ll stay home,” coach Craig Berube said Monday. “They were skating today, which is good, but they’ll be out the next two games.”
McCabe, a defenseman, left a 3-2 win against the Panthers on April 1 late in the third period with an undisclosed injury; Kampf, a forward, left the same game after the second period with an upper-body injury.
Berube said Friday each was day to day and added Monday that “it looks like (they are progressing well).”
Toronto (47-25-4) has clinched a playoff berth and is first in the Atlantic Division, two points ahead of the Tampa Bay Lightning. -- Dave McCarthy

Ottawa Senators
Brady Tkachuk missed his fourth straight game Sunday, a 4-0 win against the Columbus Blue Jackets, because of an upper-body injury.
The forward and Senators captain has not resumed skating.
"I was hoping he was going to skate today, but he’s not going to," coach Travis Green said Friday. "So, it's about all I can say about it."
Tkachuk was injured on a hit by Pittsburgh Penguins defenseman Ryan Graves during Ottawa's 1-0 overtime loss March 30. He remains day to day.
He leads Ottawa with 29 goals in 71 games, and his 55 points are third.
"He's a big piece to our team," forward Ridly Greig said. "He brings a lot of compete and that kind of emotional side of the game. Everybody has kind of got to step up a little bit and there's a lot more minutes for somebody out there, so guys have to step up."
The Senators (42-29-6) hold the first wild card in the Eastern Conference, five points ahead of the Montreal Canadiens. They trail the Panthers by two points for third in the Atlantic. -- Callum Fraser

Washington Capitals
Aliaksei Protas is week to week with a lower-body injury, Capitals coach Spencer Carbery announced before a 4-1 loss at the New York Islanders on Sunday.
The forward told NHL.com he sustained a skate cut to his foot in the third period of a 5-3 win against the Chicago Blackhawks on Friday. Protas finished with two shots on goal in 11:39 of ice time.
He is third on the Capitals with 66 points (30 goals, 36 assists) and is a team-best plus-40 in 76 games this season.
Anthony Beauvillier replaced Protas in the lineup on Sunday. Washington (49-19-9) would have clinched the Metropolitan Division with a win. -- Stefen Rosner

Florida Panthers
Aleksander Barkov (upper body) missed his third straight game Sunday, a 2-1 loss at the Detroit Red Wings.
"It's not serious, but he’s not playing this weekend," Florida coach Paul Maurice said Friday of his team’s No. 1 center and captain.
Barkov appeared to sustain the injury during a 3-2 overtime loss at Montreal on April 1. He left with 6:09 remaining in the second period but returned for the start of the third, ultimately playing 18:27.
He did not play in a 3-2 loss at Toronto on April 1 or a 3-0 loss at Ottawa on Saturday.
Barkov is second on the Panthers with 67 points (19 goals, 48 assists) in 64 games.
Center Nico Sturm (upper body) could play against the Maple Leafs on Tuesday.
Florida (44-28-4), which has lost five in a row (0-4-1), is four points behind Tampa Bay for second in the Atlantic and two ahead of the Senators. -- Derek Van Diest
April-8-2025:


Montreal Canadiens
Ivan Demidov, the No. 5 pick of the 2024 NHL Draft, signed an entry-level contract with the Canadiens on Tuesday.
The 19-year-old forward led SKA St. Petersburg of the Kontinental Hockey League with 49 points (19 goals, 30 assists) in 65 games. It was the most points in a KHL season by an under-20 player.
Demidov tied for the team lead with five points (three goals, two assists) in six KHL playoff games. SKA St. Petersburg was eliminated from the postseason with a 5-2 loss to Dynamo Minsk on Sunday.
Demidov told NHL.com during the 2024 draft his plan was to come to the NHL for the 2025-26 season.
"I have one year more on my contract, and that's why I'll stay in Russia," he said. "After that, I come over."
The Canadiens (38-30-9) are six points ahead of the New York Rangers for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference. -- Adam Kimelman

Carolina Hurricanes
Jordan Staal and Andrei Svechnikov returned for the Hurricanes against the Buffalo Sabres on Tuesday.
Staal, the Hurricanes captain, had missed four games because of a lower-body injury. The center, who skated between Jordan Martinook and Svechnikov at practice, has 33 points (12 goals, 21 assists) in 71 games.
Svechnikov had missed the previous two games because of an undisclosed injury. Before that, the forward played three games following a seven-game absence because of an upper-body injury. He has 45 points (19 goals, 26 assists) in 66 games.
"I think we'll have 'Jordo' back and 'Svech' back tonight," coach Rod Brind'Amour said. "That's a positive, for sure."
Jesperi Kotkaniemi did not play after he was injured during a 5-1 loss to the Boston Bruins on Saturday. The center, who played 7:42 before exiting the game, did not practice Monday and was not on the ice for the morning skate Tuesday.
He has 31 points (11 goals, 20 assists) in 76 games.
"He's out for probably at least a week," Brind'Amour said. "Nothing too serious, which is good."
William Carrier is "still not available," Brind'Amour said. The forward, who has missed 37 games because of a lower-body injury, practiced Monday wearing a regular jersey. He has nine points (four goals, five assists) in 39 games. -- Heather Engel

New Jersey Devils
Dougie Hamilton could return to the lineup for the start of the playoffs.
The defenseman, who was ruled out the remainder of the regular season March 13 because of a lower-body injury, has been skating on his own the past two weeks.
"I think there's a chance he (could return for the first round of the playoffs), but it's just a matter of how he continues to progress," coach Sheldon Keefe said Tuesday. "He is on the ice, which is a positive sign. There has been no discussion at this point yet of him joining the team, which speaks to the fact he's not where he needs to be. But obviously that's a significant checkpoint for us that's on the horizon."
The 31-year-old left a 4-3 loss at the Dallas Stars on March 4 after getting tangled with Stars forward Mason Marchment behind the Dallas net at 18:13 of the first period.
Hamilton leads Devils defensemen in goals (nine) and is second in assists (31) and points (40). He is tied for first with 15 power-play points.
New Jersey (41-29-7) can clinch a playoff berth with one point against the Boston Bruins on Tuesday. The Devils are third in the Metropolitan Division, seven points behind the Hurricanes. -- Mike G. Morreale

Toronto Maple Leafs
Jake McCabe and David Kampf did not travel and will miss the Maple Leafs' next two games, against the Florida Panthers on Tuesday and the Tampa Bay Lightning on Wednesday.
"They'll stay home," coach Craig Berube said Monday. "They were skating today, which is good, but they'll be out the next two games."
McCabe, a defenseman, left a 3-2 win against the Panthers on April 2 late in the third period because of an undisclosed injury; Kampf, a forward, left the same game after the second period because of an upper-body injury.
Berube said Friday each was day to day and added Monday that "it looks like (they are progressing well)."
Toronto (47-25-4) has clinched a playoff berth and is first in the Atlantic Division, two points ahead of Tampa Bay. The Maple Leafs can clinch home-ice advantage in the first round with a regulation win Tuesday. -- Dave McCarthy

Minnesota Wild
Kirill Kaprizov practiced with contact Tuesday in the next step in his recovery from a lower-body injury that has kept him out since Jan. 26.
The forward has missed 28 straight games, and 40 of the past 43, because of the injury. He had surgery in late January and was expected to be out a minimum of four weeks.
Joel Eriksson Ek, who has missed the past 21 games because of a lower-body injury, also took part in battle drills during practice for the first time since he the forward was injured.
"This was the next progression for them to get into a regular practice, 5-on-5 drills, normal stuff with other guys and not in such a controlled setting," coach John Hynes said. "They have battled a bit with each other, and then it truly comes down to how their response is to this, how comfortable they feel. I think it's the medical and mental side as well."
Hynes would not say if either would be a possibility to play against the San Jose Sharks on Wednesday (8 p.m. ET; FDSNNO, NBCSCA).
"They looked good," Hynes said. "It didn't look like there was any hesitation there. I thought both guys were skating, doing things at top speed. You're watching, when guys are coming back from the type of injuries they had, accelerations, how they're starting from a standstill, can they get up, are they explosive. When they have the puck, are they looking to do the things they normally do? I thought they looked good in those areas, but there's another component to it as well."
Defenseman Jake Middleton is day to day and won't play Wednesday because of an upper-body injury sustained on a hit from New York Islanders center Bo Horvat during a 3-1 loss April 4. -- Jessi Pierce

Calgary Flames
Zayne Parekh was recalled from Saginaw of the Ontario Hockey League on Tuesday.
The 19-year-old defenseman, who was the No. 9 pick in the 2024 draft, led OHL defensemen and was fifth among all skaters with 107 points (33 goals, 74 assists) in 61 games with Saginaw. Last season, Parekh won the Max Kaminsky Trophy as the OHL's best defenseman and was voted the CHL Defenseman of the Year.
"[I'm] excited to see the boys, a little nervous, haven't seen them in a while,” Parekh told the Flames website. "Just excited to be a part of it, be able to watch and experience this whole fight they're in. ... There's so much that I can learn in the next couple of weeks, hopefully a few months but just really excited."
Parekh was set to join the Flames at practice Tuesday prior to their game at the Anaheim Ducks on Wednesday (10 p.m. ET; Victory+, KCOP-13, SNW). Calgary is four points behind the Minnesota Wild for the second wild card in the West with a game in hand.
"If [my NHL debut] comes, I'm going to be really excited, but you know, if it doesn't I'm just going to be the team's number one supporter," Parekh said.

Winnipeg Jets
Nikolaj Ehlers did not play in the Jets' 3-1 win against the St. Louis Blues on Monday.
It was the second straight game the forward missed. Ehlers, who has 63 points (24 goals, 39 assists) in 67 games this season, left a 4-0 win at the Vegas Golden Knights on Thursday after he took pucks off his foot and the inside of his leg on separate plays.
"Just obviously the comfort level, got out there with the (morning) skate, which is great," Winnipeg coach Scott Arniel said. "So, we'll just see how he is after or this afternoon and take it from there."
Arniel also said defenseman Neal Pionk, who has missed 12 games because of a lower-body injury, is nearing a return, and forward Gabriel Vilardi (upper body), who has missed seven, is close to resuming skating.
The Jets (53-21-4), who are at the top of the NHL standings, three points ahead of the Washington Capitals, visit the Stars on Thursday (8 p.m. ET; Victory+, TSN3). -- Darrin Bauming
April-9-2025:


Ottawa Senators
Brady Tkachuk may not return before the Stanley Cup Playoffs because of an upper-body injury.
When asked Wednesday if the forward and Senators captain would be in the lineup if the playoffs started tomorrow, president of hockey operations and general manager Steve Staios said, “I would think so, yes. I can’t give you a definitive [answer].”
The Senators (42-30-6) clinched a playoff berth Tuesday for the first time since the 2016-17 season. Tkachuk, who leads them with 29 goals and has 55 points in 71 games, has missed five games since taking a hit from Pittsburgh Penguins defenseman Ryan Graves on March 30 that was deemed interference.
Ottawa hosts the Montreal Canadiens on Friday (7 p.m. ET; RDS, SNE, SNO, SNW). The Senators are three points ahead of the Canadiens for the first wild card into the playoffs from the Eastern Conference.
"He continues to progress,” Staios said of Tkachuk. “Now that we've clinched a playoff spot, I think every team goes through these discussions. Like, what is the best situation? Do you rest players? How do you manage that? We haven't figured that part out yet, but to me, you always want to keep the team moving along and competing at a high level to roll into the playoffs at the right time. But certainly, those will be discussions that we'll have, as far as lineup for the last four games."
Nick Cousins, who has missed 29 games since sustaining a knee injury in a collision with Toronto Maple Leafs forward Jacob Quillan on Jan. 25, traveled with the team for its game at the Columbus Blue Jackets on Tuesday (a 5-2 loss) but did not play.
"He's very close.” Staios said of Cousins. “I don't know if there has been a player that has attacked his rehab the way this guy has. He really deserves a lot of credit. He's pushed through very quickly and sort of expedited his possible return to play." -- Callum Fraser

Montreal Canadiens
Ivan Demidov, the No. 5 pick of the 2024 NHL Draft, signed an entry-level contract with the Canadiens on Tuesday.
The 19-year-old forward led SKA St. Petersburg of the Kontinental Hockey League with 49 points (19 goals, 30 assists) in 65 games. It was the most points in a KHL season by an under-20 player.
Demidov tied for the team lead with five points (three goals, two assists) in six KHL playoff games. SKA St. Petersburg was eliminated from the postseason with a 5-2 loss to Dynamo Minsk on Sunday.
Demidov told NHL.com during the 2024 draft his plan was to come to the NHL for the 2025-26 season.
"I have one year more on my contract, and that's why I'll stay in Russia," he said. "After that, I come over."
The Canadiens (39-30-9) have won six in a row and are eight points ahead of the New York Rangers, Detroit Red Wings, New York Islanders and Columbus Blue Jackets for the second wild card in the East. -- Adam Kimelman

New Jersey Devils
Dougie Hamilton could return to the lineup for the start of the playoffs.
The defenseman, who was ruled out the remainder of the regular season March 13 because of a lower-body injury, has been skating on his own the past two weeks.
"I think there's a chance he (could return for the first round of the playoffs), but it's just a matter of how he continues to progress," coach Sheldon Keefe said Tuesday. "He is on the ice, which is a positive sign. There has been no discussion at this point yet of him joining the team, which speaks to the fact he's not where he needs to be. But obviously that's a significant checkpoint for us that's on the horizon."
The 31-year-old left a 4-3 loss at the Dallas Stars on March 4 after getting tangled with Stars forward Mason Marchment behind the Dallas net in the first period.
Hamilton leads Devils defensemen in goals (nine) and is second in assists (31) and points (40). He is tied for first with 15 power-play points.
New Jersey (41-30-7) is third in the Metropolitan Division, seven points behind the Carolina Hurricanes. -- Mike G. Morreale

Calgary Flames
Zayne Parekh was recalled from Saginaw of the Ontario Hockey League on Tuesday.
The 19-year-old defenseman, who was the No. 9 pick in the 2024 draft, led OHL defensemen and was fifth among all skaters with 107 points (33 goals, 74 assists) in 61 games with Saginaw. Last season, Parekh won the Max Kaminsky Trophy as the OHL's best defenseman and was voted the CHL Defenseman of the Year.
"[I'm] excited to see the boys, a little nervous, haven't seen them in a while,” Parekh told the Flames website. "Just excited to be a part of it, be able to watch and experience this whole fight they're in. ... There's so much that I can learn in the next couple of weeks, hopefully a few months but just really excited."
April-10-2025:


Colorado Avalanche
Nathan MacKinnon did not play for the Avalanche against the Vancouver Canucks on Thursday and could miss their upcoming two-game road trip to end the regular season.
The forward could be rested until the start of the Stanley Cup Playoffs while nursing an undisclosed injury.
"He's dealing with something," Colorado coach Jared Bednar said. "I think you get to this point in the year, all these guys are dealing with something. The guys that didn't get the break, too, for the 4 Nations [Face-Off]. This has been a tough stretch of games since then, right? I think rest is part of it, though."
MacKinnon leads the Avalanche in goals (32) and assists (84) and is tied with Nikita Kucherov of the Tampa Bay Lightning for first in the NHL with 116 points. He has 43 points (16 goals, 27 assists) during his current 26-game home point streak.
"I don't think that individual accolades [matter to him]. I think they're nice. I think he's won a lot of them," Bednar said. "His trophy case is huge. I don't think it matters to him. I think winning has always been the most important thing to him. Having accomplished that in 2022, I think he got a taste for it, and he wants to win again."
MacKinnon's streak of 209 consecutive regular-season games played came to an end Thursday. Colorado plays at the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday and at the Anaheim Ducks on Sunday.
Colorado is third in the Central Division, six points behind the Dallas Stars, but has played one more game.
Forward Martin Necas and defenseman Samuel Girard each returned on Thursday. Necas had missed the previous three games because of an upper-body injury, and Girard missed the previous four games because of a lower-body injury.
Defenseman Ryan Lindgren did not play Thursday after he sustained an upper-body injury during a 3-2 shootout win against the Vegas Golden Knights on Tuesday.
Forward Jonathan Drouin participated in morning skate in a noncontact jersey but missed his fourth straight game because of a lower-body injury.
Avalanche captain Gabriel Landeskog was loaned to the Colorado Eagles of the American Hockey League on a conditioning assignment Wednesday. Landeskog has been working toward a return since undergoing cartilage transplant surgery in his right knee May 10, 2023. He last played in Game 6 of the 2022 Stanley Cup Final. -- Ryan Boulding

Vegas Golden Knights
Tomas Hertl is expected to return for the Golden Knights against the Seattle Kraken on Thursday (10 p.m. ET; KHN, KING 5, SCRIPPS, KONG, TVAS).
The forward has missed the past eight games with an upper-body injury.
"It wasn't a long time. Thank God," Hertl said. "It always [stinks] to miss games, especially close to the playoffs. But it's nice to be back. When you're injured, you kind of feel alone because you're staying here, you don't travel and stuff."
Hertl was injured in a 4-2 victory against the Tampa Bay Lightning on March 23 after hitting the boards following an Emil Lilleberg hit. He is second on the team with goals (31) and has 59 points in 70 games this season.
"Hopefully, he gets up to speed as quickly as possible," Golden Knights coach Bruce Cassidy said. "We're thankful he's able to get out there now and not go right into the playoffs. That's a bonus. When the injury happened, we all saw it. We didn't know how it would play out. Whether it be day to day or a couple of weeks, whatever, but here he is. So, he does get an opportunity back and get some games under his belt before the playoff start, so that's the good part."
Forward Jack Eichel will also miss his second consecutive game with an upper-body injury and is day to day. Eichel leads the team with 93 points (27 goals, 66 assists) in 76 games.
Defenseman Alex Pietrangelo will also be out with an illness and is day to day.
The Golden Knights (47-22-9) are first in the Pacific Division and can clinch the top seed in the division with a win and a regulation loss by the Los Angeles Kings to the Anaheim Ducks. -- Paul Delos Santos

New York Islanders
Ilya Sorokin did not play against the New York Rangers on Thursday.
The goalie sustained a lower-body injury in the second period of a 7-6 overtime loss to the Nashville Predators on Tuesday when Predators forward Michael McCarron fell on top of him while scoring.
Sorokin remained in the game and finished the period, but he was relieved by Marcus Hogberg for the third period and overtime.
"After the game I said it was upper body, but after seeing the doctor it has nothing to do with what happened during the summer with his back," Islanders coach Patrick Roy said. "It's a lower-body injury."
Roy did not say whether Sorokin would be unavailable for the rest of the regular season.
The Islanders (34-32-11) are eight points behind the Montreal Canadians for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference. They have four games remaining after Thursday.
Sorokin, who had offseason back surgery, is 29-23-6 with a 2.77 goals-against average, .905 save percentage and three shutouts in 59 games (58 starts).
Goalie Tristan Lennox was recalled from Bridgeport of the American Hockey League on an emergency basis. The 22-year-old, who was selected by New York in the third round (No. 93) of the 2021 NHL Draft, missed significant time because of a lower-body injury and is 0-3-0 with a 4.44 GAA and .832 save percentage in four games for Bridgeport. -- Stefen Rosner

Dallas Stars
Tyler Seguin is nearing a return to the lineup for the Dallas Stars.
The 33-year-old forward has missed the past 55 games after undergoing hip surgery on Dec. 5.
After several weeks of noncontact practices and morning skate participation, Seguin has started practices with contact this week.
"[He] is knocking on the door to come back," Dallas coach Pete DeBoer said on Thursday. "He's taking contact, he's taking full practices."
Seguin had 20 points (nine goals, 11 assists) in 19 games prior to the surgery.
Dallas, which is playing Winnipeg on Thursday, is four points behind the Jets for first in the Central Division. -- Taylor Baird

Winnipeg Jets
Neal Pionk and Nikolaj Ehlers each returned for the Jets at the Dallas Stars on Thursday.
Pionk, a defenseman, had missed the previous 12 games because of a lower-body injury. He has 37 points (nine goals, 28 assists) in 66 games this season.
Ehlers, a forward, had missed the previous two games after being struck with a shot in the foot during a 4-0 win against the Vegas Golden Knights on April 3. He has 63 points (24 goals, 39 assists) in 67 games.
“You want to have your full squad, especially in games like this but obviously for the first round of the playoffs," Jets forward Nino Niederreiter said. "Hopefully they have a chance to play tonight. It's all about how they feel and how warmups go. Having these two guys back there is a big part of our group, [they are] core guys, and definitely something that we need." -- Taylor Baird

Pittsburgh Penguins
Rutger McGroarty will miss the rest of the regular season because of a lower-body injury.
The 21-year-old rookie forward did not practice Thursday after taking a shot off his left skate late during the second period of a 5-0 win against the Chicago Blackhawks on Tuesday. He could return during the Calder Cup Playoffs if Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League advances far enough, Pittsburgh coach Mike Sullivan said.
Forwards Tommy Novak (lower body), Blake Lizotte (undisclosed), Noel Acciari (undisclosed) and Matt Nieto (undisclosed) also will be out the rest of the season for the Penguins, who have three games remaining, beginning at the New Jersey Devils on Friday (7 p.m. ET; SN-PIT, MSGSN, NHLN). Pittsburgh did not qualify for the playoffs for the third straight season.
Forwards Vasily Ponomarev, Emil Bemstrom and Valtteri Puustinen were recalled from the AHL on an emergency basis.
McGroarty had been on the first line with center Sidney Crosby since being recalled from Wilkes-Barre/Scranton on March 28. Acquired in a trade from the Winnipeg Jets on Aug. 22, he has three points (one goal, two assists) in eight NHL games.
"It's disappointing because he was playing real well and we thought it was a great experience for him to get NHL games," Sullivan said. "We're hopeful that Rutger's injury will come around. We're hopeful that Wilkes-Barre will play long enough that he has an opportunity to help them continue to have success down there. That's an important experience for him as well."
Rookie forward Ville Koivunen replaced McGroarty at first-line left wing Thursday. -- Wes Crosby
April-11-2025:


Edmonton Oilers
Mattias Ekholm and Stuart Skinner each returned from injury for the Oilers against the San Jose Sharks on Friday.
Ekholm missed the past seven games, and 13 of the past 17, with an undisclosed injury. The defenseman has 33 points (nine goals, 24 assists) in 64 games.
"A guy that can eat up minutes playing against other teams' top lines, but also a guy that our forwards, especially our skilled forwards, like to be on the ice with because he can transport the puck really nice," Oilers coach Kris Knoblauch said of Ekholm. "So, the role that 'Ekkie' has is immense. He does so much for our team."
Skinner, a goalie, missed seven games with a head injury following a collision in the crease with Dallas Stars forward Mikko Rantanen on March 26. He will back up Calvin Pickard on Friday.
Skinner is 24-18-4 with a 2.91 goals-against average and .894 save percentage in 49 games (48 starts).
"He is cleared, he could play, he could be our starting goalie tonight, but with the amount of time we've had for practice and just being cleared, he's had a couple pre-game skates, we felt like giving him a little more time," Knoblauch said of Skinner.
Knoblauch said Skinner will play one of the back-to-back games against the Winnipeg Jets on Sunday or the Los Angeles Kings on Monday.
Defenseman Jake Walman missedhis second game with an undisclosed injury, but is expected to return to the lineup either Sunday or Monday, Knoblauch said.
The Oilers are third in the Pacific Division, four points behind the Los Angeles Kings. -- Gerry Moddejonge

Toronto Maple Leafs
Oliver Ekman-Larsson will not play for the Maple Leafs when they host the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday (7 p.m. ET; CBC, TVAS, SNO, SNE, SNP).
The defenseman, who played a team-high 25:14 in a 4-3 overtime win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Wednesday, did not practice Friday and is day to day with an undisclosed injury.
He did not play another shift after 1:23 of overtime when he fell awkwardly while on a breakaway.
"He'll be evaluated, you never know," coach Craig Berube said. "He's a tough guy but he won't be playing tomorrow."
The Maple Leafs will face the Carolina Hurricanes on Sunday.
Because of roster limitations under the NHL salary cap, the Maple Leafs will play with 17 skaters against the Canadiens, and use five defensemen.
"It's always challenging but we've played games where we've lost a defenseman early in the game and you play with five," Berube said. "It's important that our forwards do a good job of helping our defense out tomorrow night and making sure they get back quick for breakouts and make the game easy on them as much as possible, not getting extended shifts in the D-zone and tiring your defense out. That'll be a big part of the game."
Defenseman Jake McCabe and forward David Kampf will each miss his fourth straight game.
McCabe, who is out with an undisclosed injury, was not on the ice at practice on Friday while Kampf, who is out with an upper-body injury, skated on his own prior to the main session.
Berube said he expects McCabe to return prior to the end of the regular season. Toronto has four games remaining. -- Dave McCarthy

Colorado Avalanche
Nathan MacKinnon and Cale Makar are among the Avalanche regulars who won't play during their two-game road trip to end the regular season in order to rest before the start of the Stanley Cup Playoffs.
MacKinnon, along with fellow forwards Jonathan Drouin and Ross Colton, and defensemen Makar and Josh Manson will not travel for games at the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday (4 p.m. ET; FDSNW, ALT) and at the Anaheim Ducks on Sunday.
"They're not going on the trip," Avalanche coach Jared Bednar said Friday. "We got a lot of guys dealing with stuff. The training room's full, as you can imagine, this time of the year and the schedule that we've been playing. So yeah, we'll make some informed decisions on some guys, and we're obviously not going to be able to [rest everyone]."
MacKinnon leads the Avalanche in goals (32) and assists (84) and is tied with Nikita Kucherov of the Tampa Bay Lightning for first in the NHL with 116 points. His streak of 209 consecutive regular-season games played came to an end Thursday.
Colorado is locked into third place in the Central Division, and will play the Dallas Stars or Winnipeg Jets in the first round.
"There's so many guys dealing with little things that you can't take them all out," Bednar said. "It's just not possible. So we'll pick and choose some guys that we want to make sure are feeling the best they can feel come next weekend (start of playoffs)."
Avalanche captain Gabriel Landeskog was loaned to the Colorado Eagles of the American Hockey League on a conditioning assignment Wednesday and will play for them on Friday. Landeskog has been working toward a return since undergoing cartilage transplant surgery in his right knee May 10, 2023. He last played in Game 6 of the 2022 Stanley Cup Final. -- Ryan Boulding

Tampa Bay Lightning
Luke Glendening will be out indefinitely with an upper-body injury and may not be available for the rest of the regular season.
The forward has seven points (four goals, three assists), averaging 10:47 of ice time in 77 games, to go along with 105 hits and 58 blocked shots.
He has not missed a game due to injury this season, only missing one game due to the birth of his child.
After Friday, the Lightning have three regular-season games remaining before the Stanley Cup Playoffs begin. They have qualified for the postseason. They are second in the Atlantic Division, three points behind the Toronto Maple Leafs and one ahead of the Florida Panthers.

Dallas Stars
Tyler Seguin is nearing a return to the lineup for the Dallas Stars.
The 33-year-old forward has missed the past 56 games after undergoing hip surgery on Dec. 5.
After several weeks of noncontact practices and morning skate participation, Seguin has started practices with contact this week.
"[He] is knocking on the door to come back," Dallas coach Pete DeBoer said prior to a 4-0 loss to the Winnipeg Jets on Thursday. "He's taking contact, he's taking full practices."
Seguin had 20 points (nine goals, 11 assists) in 19 games prior to the surgery.
Dallas is six points behind the Jets for first in the Central Division, and has clinched no worse than the No. 2 seed in the division with home-ice advantage in the first round. The Stars host the Utah Hockey Club on Saturday (8 p.m. ET; Utah16, Victory+). -- Taylor Baird

New York Islanders
Ilya Sorokin did not play in a 9-2 loss to the New York Rangers on Thursday.
The goalie sustained a lower-body injury in the second period of a 7-6 overtime loss to the Nashville Predators on Tuesday when Predators forward Michael McCarron fell on top of him while scoring.
Sorokin remained in the game and finished the period, but he was relieved by Marcus Hogberg for the third period and overtime.
"After the game I said it was upper body, but after seeing the doctor it has nothing to do with what happened during the summer with his back," Islanders coach Patrick Roy said. "It's a lower-body injury."
Sorokin, who had offseason back surgery, is 29-23-6 with a 2.77 goals-against average, .905 save percentage and three shutouts in 59 games (58 starts).
Roy did not say whether Sorokin would be unavailable for the rest of the regular season.
The Islanders (34-32-11) are eight points behind the Montreal Canadians for the second wild card into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference. They have four games remaining.
Hogberg allowed eight goals on 30 shots against the Rangers. Tristan Lennox, who was recalled from Bridgeport of the American Hockey League on Thursday morning, made his NHL debut in relief in the third and allowed one goal on two shots before Hogberg reentered the game. -- Stefen Rosner
April-12-2025:


Washington Capitals
Alex Ovechkin sat out a 7-0 loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets on Saturday because of rest.
Ovechkin has 70 points (42 goals, 28 assists) in 62 games this season and became the NHL's all-time leading goal scorer last Sunday when he got goal No. 895 in a 4-1 loss to the New York Islanders to pass Wayne Gretzky.
On Friday, more than 3,000 fans were on hand at Capital One Arena for a celebration honoring Ovechkin.
Defenseman Jakob Chychrun also was a healthy scratch. He has a career-high 20 goals and 47 points in 72 games this season.
Washington has clinched the Metropolitan Division and No. 1 seed in the Eastern Conference and will have home-ice advantage through at least the Eastern Conference Final. They have three regular-season games remaining.

Chicago Blackhawks
Patrick Maroon took the ice for the final game of his NHL career against the Winnipeg Jets at United Center on Saturday.
"It certainly kind of sank in last night," Maroon said. "You sit there and think about it a lot, the good times, the bad times, the adversity you go through, emotions you go through, the ups and downs with the players, the guys.
"Think the thing I'm thinking about the most is going to dinner with the guys. That's something I'll be missing a lot but yeah, this is my last and I'm going to cherish every moment."
The 36-year-old forward announced that this would be his final NHL season on March 22 prior to the Blackhawks' 4-1 loss to his hometown St. Louis Blues.
A sixth-round pick (No. 161) for the Philadelphia Flyers in the 2007 NHL Draft, Maroon has 323 points (126 goals, 197 assists) in 847 regular-season games with the Anaheim Ducks, Edmonton Oilers, New Jersey Devils, Blues, Tampa Bay Lightning, Minnesota Wild, Boston Bruins and Blackhawks. He won the Stanley Cup with the Blues in 2019 and the Lightning in 2020 and 2021.
"Lots of family and friends are coming into town to be part of this special night," Maroon said. "Hopefully we win the game and make it that much more special. I'm really looking forward to it."
Defenseman Alec Martinez announced before the game that it would also be the final game of his 16-year NHL career. Martinez won the Stanley Cup three times, with the Log Angeles Kings in 2012 and 2014 and the Vegas Golden Knights in 2023.
Chicago, which has been eliminated from Stanley Cup Playoff contention, has a two-game road trip to end the regular season following its game Saturday. -- Tracey Myers, staff writer

Toronto Maple Leafs
Oliver Ekman-Larsson did not play for the Maple Leafs against the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday.
The defenseman, who played a team-high 25:14 in a 4-3 overtime win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Wednesday, did not practice Friday and is day to day with an undisclosed injury.
He did not play another shift after 1:23 of overtime when he fell awkwardly while on a breakaway.
"He'll be evaluated, you never know," coach Craig Berube said. "He's a tough guy but he won't be playing tomorrow."
The Maple Leafs will face the Carolina Hurricanes on Sunday.
Because of roster limitations under the NHL salary cap, the Maple Leafs are playing with 17 skaters against the Canadiens, and use five defensemen.
"It's always challenging but we've played games where we've lost a defenseman early in the game and you play with five," Berube said. "It's important that our forwards do a good job of helping our defense out tomorrow night and making sure they get back quick for breakouts and make the game easy on them as much as possible, not getting extended shifts in the D-zone and tiring your defense out. That'll be a big part of the game."
Defenseman Jake McCabe and forward David Kampf each missed his fourth straight game.
McCabe, who is out with an undisclosed injury, was not on the ice at practice on Friday while Kampf, who is out with an upper-body injury, skated on his own prior to the main session.
Berube said he expects McCabe to return prior to the end of the regular season. Toronto has four games remaining. -- Dave McCarthy

Edmonton Oilers
Mattias Ekholm left with an undisclosed injury against the San Jose Sharks on Friday, in his first game since missing seven straight and 13 of the 17, with an undisclosed injury.
Ekholm left the 4-2 win 6:41 into the first period, after playing 1:25 of ice time across two shifts.
The defenseman has 33 points (nine goals, 24 assists) in 64 games.
Forward Zach Hyman also left the game in the second period after playing 7:33 of ice time. There was no update on his status after the game. Hyman has 44 points (27 goals, 17 assists) in 73 games this season.
Goalie Stuart Skinner, who missed seven games with a head injury following a collision in the crease with Dallas Stars forward Mikko Rantanen on March 26, returned to back up Calvin Pickard on Friday.
Skinner is 24-18-4 with a 2.91 goals-against average and .894 save percentage in 49 games (48 starts).
Skinner will play one of the back-to-back games against the Winnipeg Jets on Sunday or the Los Angeles Kings on Monday.
Defenseman Jake Walman missed his second game with an undisclosed injury Friday, but is expected to return to the lineup either Sunday or Monday, Oilers coach Kris Knoblauch said.
The Oilers are third in the Pacific Division, two points behind the Los Angeles Kings and have played one more game. -- Gerry Moddejonge

Vancouver Canucks
Elias Pettersson won't play again this season for the Canucks because of an upper-body injury sustained during a 5-3 loss at the New York Rangers on March 22.
Pettersson had skated since but with Vancouver eliminated from the Stanley Cup Playoffs on Wednesday, coach Rick Tocchet said there was no point rushing the forward back.
"Probably going to shut [Pettersson] down," Tocchet said. "He's getting better, but at this point rather him just try to get back stronger."
Pettersson, who has missed nine games with this injury, was originally labeled day to day. Instead, he will finish this season, his first on an eight-year, $92.8 million contract (average annual value $11.6 million), with 45 points (15 goals, 30 assists) in 64 games.
"Originally I thought after a while maybe some pain but at this point it's progressing but not at the pace we want so why even play him?" Tocchet said. "That's kind of where we're at."
Forward Filip Chytil continues to make progress recovering from a concussion sustained on a hit into the boards on March 15 but also probably won't play again this season.
"He's putting some pretty good days together but why play him?" Tocchet said. "I'm not saying he's closer. I just like the way he's progressing, putting good days together."
Forward Nils Aman will miss the rest of this season after sustaining an upper-body injury on a hard collision into the boards during an April 4 practice. -- Kevin Woodley

Colorado Avalanche
Nathan MacKinnon and Cale Makar are among the Avalanche regulars who won't play during their two-game road trip to end the regular season in order to rest before the start of the Stanley Cup Playoffs.
MacKinnon, along with fellow forwards Jonathan Drouin and Ross Colton, and defensemen Makar and Josh Manson did not travel for games at the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday and at the Anaheim Ducks on Sunday.
"We got a lot of guys dealing with stuff," Avalanche coach Jared Bednar said Friday. "The training room's full, as you can imagine, this time of the year and the schedule that we've been playing. So yeah, we'll make some informed decisions on some guys, and we're obviously not going to be able to [rest everyone]."
MacKinnon leads the Avalanche in goals (32) and assists (84) and is tied with Nikita Kucherov of the Tampa Bay Lightning for first in the NHL with 116 points. His streak of 209 consecutive regular-season games played came to an end Thursday.
Colorado is locked into third place in the Central Division, and will play the Dallas Stars or Winnipeg Jets in the first round.
"There's so many guys dealing with little things that you can't take them all out," Bednar said. "It's just not possible. So we'll pick and choose some guys that we want to make sure are feeling the best they can feel come next weekend (start of playoffs)."
Avalanche captain Gabriel Landeskog was loaned to the Colorado Eagles of the American Hockey League on a conditioning assignment Wednesday and played for the team on Friday. Landeskog has been working toward a return since undergoing cartilage transplant surgery in his right knee May 10, 2023. He last played in Game 6 of the 2022 Stanley Cup Final. -- Ryan Boulding

Tampa Bay Lightning
Luke Glendening will be out indefinitely with an upper-body injury and may not be available for the rest of the regular season.
The forward has seven points (four goals, three assists), averaging 10:47 of ice time in 77 games, to go along with 105 hits and 58 blocked shots.
He has not missed a game due to injury this season, only missing one game due to the birth of his child.
The Lightning have three regular-season games remaining before the Stanley Cup Playoffs begin. They have qualified for the postseason. They are second in the Atlantic Division, two points behind the Toronto Maple Leafs and two ahead of the Florida Panthers.

Dallas Stars
Tyler Seguin is nearing a return to the lineup for the Dallas Stars.
The 33-year-old forward has missed the past 56 games after undergoing hip surgery on Dec. 5.
After several weeks of noncontact practices and morning skate participation, Seguin has started practices with contact this week.
"[He] is knocking on the door to come back," Dallas coach Pete DeBoer said prior to a 4-0 loss to the Winnipeg Jets on Thursday. "He's taking contact, he's taking full practices."
Seguin had 20 points (nine goals, 11 assists) in 19 games prior to the surgery.-- Taylor Baird
April-13-2025:


Tampa Bay Lightning
Oliver Bjorkstrand is week to week with a lower-body injury and unlikely to be available for the start of the Stanley Cup Playoffs.
The Lightning forward sustained the injury during a 4-3 overtime loss to the Detroit Red Wings on Friday.
Bjorkstrand was acquired from the Seattle Kraken prior to the NHL Trade Deadline for forward Michael Eyssimont, two conditional first-round picks (2026, 2027 NHL Draft) and a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
He has four goals and five assists in 18 games with the Lightning and 46 points (21 goals, 25 assists) this season.
“It's tough because he's really grown into his role with us, and hopefully we'll have him back for the playoffs at some point," Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper said.
The Lightning are second in the Atlantic Division, four points behind the Toronto Maple Leafs. Tampa Bay is tied with the Florida Panthers but holds the first tiebreaker with two more regulation wins (39/37).
Forward Conor Geekie was recalled from Syracuse of the American Hockey League on Sunday. The No. 11 pick by the Arizona Coyotes in the 2022 NHL Draft, he has 12 points (six goals, six assists) in 49 games with the Lightning this season.
Geekie has 20 points (11 goals, nine assists) in 24 AHL games.
'He's excelled down there," Cooper said. "The bottom line is when you start getting injuries, it's great to have somebody of his talent level to be able to bring back up." -- Corey Long

Edmonton Oilers
Stuart Skinner will start for the Oilers against the Winnipeg Jets on Sunday (7 p.m. ET; SNW, TSN3).
The goalie backed up Calvin Pickard for a 4-2 win against the San Jose Sharks on Friday. He missed seven games with a head injury following a collision in the crease with Dallas Stars forward Mikko Rantanen on March 26.
“He’s been our starting goalie through the time that I’ve been here and hasn’t had much time off, so I can’t say that I’ve seen him play well after a long stretch of being off because it hasn’t happened,” Edmonton coach Kris Knoblauch said after the morning skate. “But Stu is a tremendous goaltender. He’s given us a lot of good games and hopefully he can pick up where he left off.”
Skinner is 24-18-4 with a 2.91 goals-against average and .894 save percentage in 49 games (48 starts) this season.
The Oilers (46-28-5) are third in the Pacific Division, four points behind the Los Angeles Kings. The teams will face each other in the Western Conference First Round for a fourth straight season. -- Darrin Bauming

Washington Capitals
Alex Ovechkin sat out a 7-0 loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets on Saturday because of rest.
The forward has 70 points (42 goals, 28 assists) in 62 games this season and became the NHL's all-time leading goal-scorer on April 6 when he got goal No. 895 to pass Wayne Gretzky in a 4-1 loss at the New York Islanders.
Defenseman Jakob Chychrun also was a healthy scratch. He has an NHL career-high 20 goals and 47 points in 72 games this season.
Washington (50-20-9) has clinched the Metropolitan Division and No. 1 seed in the Eastern Conference and will have home-ice advantage through at least the Eastern Conference Final. They host the Blue Jackets on Sunday (6 p.m. ET; FDSNOH, MNMT) in the first of three regular-season games remaining.

Toronto Maple Leafs
Oliver Ekman-Larsson did not play for the Maple Leafs in a 1-0 overtime win against the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday because of an undisclosed injury.
The defenseman, who played a team-high 25:14 in a 4-3 overtime victory against the Lightning on Wednesday, did not practice Friday and is day to day.
Ekman-Larsson did not play another shift after 1:23 of overtime when he fell awkwardly while on a breakaway.
"He'll be evaluated, you never know," coach Craig Berube said.
The Maple Leafs can win the Atlantic if they defeat Carolina Hurricanes in any fashion Sunday (5 p.m. ET; FDSNSO, SNO) and the Lightning lose to the Sabres in any fashion, or if they get point and Tampa Bay loses in regulation. -- Dave McCarthy

Vancouver Canucks
Thatcher Demko will not play the final two games of the season for the Canucks because of an illness that also kept the goalie out of a 3-2 overtime loss to the Minnesota Wild on Saturday.
Vancouver coach Rick Tocchet updated Demko’s status after he did not practice Sunday, adding goalie Nikita Tolopilo could make his NHL debut after being called up from Abbotsford of the American Hockey League on an emergency basis Saturday.
“He's feeling okay, but he's not feeling that great. I'm not going to throw him in,” Tocchet said of Demko. “There's two games left. I don't think I'm going to play him. There's no reason to.”
It’s the fourth time this season Demko, who was a finalist for the Vezina Trophy as the top goalie in the NHL last season, has missed time because of injury or illness.
He missed training camp and the first 24 games while recovering from a knee injury he sustained during the first game of the 2024 Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 21, not making his season debut until Dec. 10.
Demko also left a 4-3 shootout win at the Seattle Kraken on Jan. 2 with back spasms, missing the next two games. He then sustained a lower-body injury in the first period against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Feb. 8 that kept him out for 15 games over six weeks before returning March 24 against the New Jersey Devils.
The 29-year-old is 10-8-3 with an .889 save percentage and 2.90 goals-against average in 23 games this season.
“He does feel great body-wise,” Tocchet said. “I think this is the first summer he's going to go in without having to do a surgery. I think it's all positive with Thatcher. He's at a good place mentally, he’s got a good team going for his training.”
Defenseman Derek Forbort will also miss the final two games after his orbital bone was fractured in a fight with Wild forward Yakov Trenin 4:12 into the third period on Saturday. Trenin received an aggressor misconduct for punching Forbort after he was already down on the ice.
“You don’t want a guy like that starting the summer like that,” Tocchet said of Forbort, who can become an unrestricted free agent on July 1. “He’s a big part of our team.”
Defenseman Tyler Myers, who has missed five games with an undisclosed injury, practiced with the Canucks on Sunday but is not expected to return against the San Jose Sharks on Monday, and the Canucks may have to call up another defenseman from the AHL.
Forward Filip Chytil skated with the team in a non-contact jersey on Sunday for the first time since sustaining a concussion in a March 15 game against the Chicago Blackhawks. Chytil won’t play again this season, but Tocchet said his return to the ice was encouraging given Chytil’s history of concussions.
“He says it’s different than last year, which is another positive,” Tocchet said. “He’s already in his summer training mode, he’s dialed in and that’s really good for us to see.” -- Kevin Woodley
April-14-2025:


Ottawa Senators
Brady Tkachuk will be ready for the start of the Stanley Cup Playoffs, coach Travis Green said Monday.
When asked if he believed Tkachuk would be on the ice when the playoffs start April 19, Green said, "I do."
Tkachuk, who leads the Senators with 29 goals and is tied for third with 55 points in 71 games, practiced with the team Monday for the first time since the forward sustained an upper-body injury on a hit from Pittsburgh Penguins defenseman Ryan Graves on March 30.
He wore a noncontact jersey and took line rushes alongside Tim Stutzle and Fabian Zetterlund. The Ottawa captain will miss his eighth consecutive game when Ottawa plays the Chicago Blackhawks on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; RDS, TSN5, CHSN) .
"He has to [practice]," Green said. "If you want to be on top of your game after you've been out ... he's no different than any other player, you've got to come back and get some practice time. He's skated on his own for a bit now and it's good to get him with the group. I thought he looked sharp. And I'm sure he'll skate again tomorrow."
It’s unclear whether Tkachuk will play in the Senators’ final regular-season game, against the Carolina Hurricanes on Thursday.
Ottawa (44-30-6) has clinched the first wild card in the Eastern Conference and will play the Toronto Maple Leafs (50-26-4) or the Tampa Bay Lightning (46-26-8) in the first round of the playoffs, which start April 19. -- Callum Fraser

Edmonton Oilers
Quinn Hutson signed a two-year, entry-level contract with the Oilers on Monday.
The 23-year-old forward, who was a college free agent, was then minus-1 in 14:27 of ice time in his NHL debut in a 5-0 loss to the Los Angeles Kings later that day. He is the older brother of Montreal Canadiens rookie defenseman Lane Hutson.
"I think it's just a great spot, great opportunity here," Quinn said. "I think there's a lot of opportunities to develop here; obviously, it's a great setup. I'm just excited to get started."
Quinn led Boston University this season with 50 points (23 goals, 27 assists) in 37 games, helping it reach the Frozen Four national championship game, a 6-2 loss to Western Michigan on Saturday.
He played three seasons at BU, getting 28 points (15 goals, 13 assists) in 39 games as a freshman and 36 points (18 goals, 18 assists) in 40 games last season.
Edmonton (47-29-5) will finish third in the Pacific Division with the loss to Los Angeles, which will have home-ice advantage in the Western Conference First Round.
Quinn and Lane’s younger brother, Washington Capitals prospect Cole Hutson, also played for BU this season. The 18-year-old freshman defenseman had 48 points (14 goals, 34 assists) in 39 games. He was selected by Washington in the second round (No. 43) of the 2024 NHL Draft.
Lane Hutson leads NHL rookies this season with 65 points (six goals, 59 assists) in 81 games.

Vancouver Canucks
Thatcher Demko will not play in Vancouver's final game of the season because of an illness that also kept the Canucks goalie out of a 3-2 overtime loss to the Minnesota Wild on Saturday.
Demko, who did not practice Sunday, also did not play in a 2-1 overtime win against the San Jose Sharks on Monday.
Vancouver (38-29-14) has been eliminated from playoff contention.
“He's feeling OK, but he's not feeling that great. I'm not going to throw him in,” coach Rick Tocchet said. “There's two games left. I don't think I'm going to play him. There's no reason to.”
It’s the fourth time this season Demko, who was a finalist for the Vezina Trophy as the top goalie in the NHL last season, has missed time because of injury or illness. He missed training camp and the first 24 games while recovering from a knee injury he sustained during the first game of the 2024 Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 21, not making his season debut until Dec. 10.
Demko also left a 4-3 shootout win at the Seattle Kraken on Jan. 2 because of back spasms and missed the next two games. He then sustained a lower-body injury during the first period of a 2-1 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Feb. 8 that kept him out for 15 games over six weeks before returning to defeat the New Jersey Devils 4-3 in a shootout March 24.
The 29-year-old was 10-8-3 with a 2.90 goals-against average and .889 save percentage in 23 games this season.
“He does feel great bodywise,” Tocchet said. “I think this is the first summer he's going to go in without having to do a surgery. I think it's all positive with Thatcher. He's at a good place mentally [and] he’s got a good team going for his training.”
Derek Forbort also did not play on Monday and will miss the regular-season finale after the defenseman’s orbital bone was fractured during a fight with Wild forward Yakov Trenin on Saturday. Trenin received an aggressor misconduct for punching Forbort after he was already down on the ice.
“You don’t want a guy like that starting the summer like that,” Tocchet said of Forbort, who can become an unrestricted free agent July 1. “He’s a big part of our team.”
Filip Chytil skated in a noncontact jersey Sunday for the first time since the center sustained a concussion in a game against the Chicago Blackhawks on March 15. Chytil won’t play again this season. -- Kevin Woodley

Minnesota Wild
Wild captain Jared Spurgeon could return to play the Anaheim Ducks at Xcel Energy Center on Tuesday (8 p.m. ET; FDSNWIX, FDSNNO, Victory+, KCOP-13).
The defenseman missed a 4-3 overtime win at the Vancouver Canucks on Saturday after taking a puck in the throat during a 4-2 loss to the Calgary Flames on Friday.
"'Spurge' is feeling a lot better, so we'll see," coach John Hynes said. "Maintenance day for him again today, and then we'll see where he's at."
Jake Middleton is also possible to play after missing four games with an upper-body injury sustained on a hit from New York Islanders center Bo Horvat during a 3-1 loss April 4. The defenseman took part in an optional practice Monday.
"We'll see where he's at after today, so a possibility for him as well," Hynes said.
The Wild (44-30-7) hold the first wild card in the West, one point ahead of the St. Louis Blues and three in front of the Flames, who have a game in hand. -- Jessi Pierce

Tampa Bay Lightning
Oliver Bjorkstrand is week to week because of a lower-body injury and unlikely to be available for the start of the Stanley Cup Playoffs.
The Lightning forward was injured during a 4-3 overtime loss to the Detroit Red Wings on Friday.
Bjorkstrand was acquired from the Seattle Kraken, along with forward Yanni Gourde, prior to the NHL Trade Deadline on March 7 for forward Michael Eyssimont, two conditional first-round picks (2026, 2027 NHL Draft) and a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft as part of a three-team deal also involving the Red Wings.
He has nine points (four goals, five assists) in 18 games with the Lightning and 46 points (21 goals, 25 assists) in 79 games this season.
“It's tough because he's really grown into his role with us, and hopefully we'll have him back for the playoffs at some point," Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper said.
The Lightning (46-26-8) are second in the Atlantic Division, four points behind the Toronto Maple Leafs. They clinched home-ice advantage in the Eastern Conference First Round with the Florida Panthers losing 5-3 to the New York Rangers on Monday.
Forward Conor Geekie was recalled from Syracuse of the American Hockey League on Sunday. The No. 11 pick by the Arizona Coyotes in the 2022 NHL Draft has 13 points (seven goals, six assists) in 50 games with the Lightning this season.
Geekie has 20 points (11 goals, nine assists) in 24 AHL games.
'He's excelled down there," Cooper said. "The bottom line is when you start getting injuries, it's great to have somebody of his talent level to be able to bring back up." -- Corey Long

Calgary Flames
Carter King signed a one-year, two-way contract with the Flames on Monday.
The 23-year-old forward and Calgary native was captain for the University of Denver this season and had 43 points (21 goals, 22 assists) in 44 games, helping his team qualify for the NCAA Frozen Four for the third time in four seasons.
The Flames (39-27-14) are 4-0-2 in their past six games and trail the St. Louis Blues by two points for the second wild card in the West. Calgary hosts the Vegas Golden Knights on Tuesday (9 p.m. ET; TVAS, SNW, SCRIPPS).
April-15-2025:


Winnipeg Jets
Nikolaj Ehlers is week to week for the Jets with a lower-body injury.
The forward was injured late in the second period of a 5-4 shootout win against the Chicago Blackhawks on Saturday and did not return for the third. Ehlers was skating down the left boards when he collided with linesperson James Tobias, with Ehlers' right skate blade catching Tobias' skate.
He previously missed nine games with a lower-body injury from Dec. 1-17.
"It's related to the first time," Jets coach Scott Arniel said Tuesday. "Obviously got reinjured again when he ran into the [linesperson]."
Ehlers has 63 points (24 goals, 39 assists) in 69 games this season, which is third on the Jets, behind forwards Kyle Connor (96 points) and Mark Scheifele (86).
Arniel also said forward Gabriel Vilardi, who has missed the past 10 games with an upper-body injury, is day to day. Vilardi has NHL career highs in goals (27), assists (34) and points (61) in 71 games this season.
The Jets (55-22-4) will close out their regular season against the Anaheim Ducks on Wednesday (7 p.m. ET; SN360, SNW, SNP, KCOP-13, Victory+). They have won the Presidents' Trophy as the top team during the regular season and will host the second wild card from the Western Conference in the first round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs, which begin Saturday.

Minnesota Wild
Jared Spurgeon and Jake Middleton returned against the Ducks at Xcel Energy Center on Tuesday.
Spurgeon, a defenseman and the Wild captain, missed a 3-2 overtime win at the Vancouver Canucks on Saturday after taking a puck in the throat during a 4-2 loss to the Calgary Flames on Friday.
“It was fine for the rest of the shift and then sort of when the whistle went I stood up and everything started to spin, and balance was sort of gone and stuff was starting to blur,” Spurgeon said. “So, obviously a little panic for a bit there, not really sure what's going on. I'm just happy with the way it's recovered.”
Middleton, also a defenseman, missed the previous four games with an upper-body injury he sustained on a hit from New York Islanders center Bo Horvat during a 3-1 loss April 4. He participated in an optional practice Monday.
The Wild (44-30-7) hold the first wild card in the West and can clinch a berth in the Stanley Cup Playoffs on Tuesday. They are one point ahead of the St. Louis Blues and three in front of the Flames, who have a game in hand.
“We know the position we're in,” Spurgeon said. “Last one of the regular season is a big one for us, so just play our game. The last game (Saturday), the third period I thought we played so aggressively and that's what led us to being able to tie the game and come back and win for some huge points. We’ve still got a big one here tonight.”
Defenseman Zeev Buium, who joined the team and practiced Monday after signing an entry-level contract, did not play. -- Jessi Pierce

Ottawa Senators
Brady Tkachuk will be ready for the start of the playoffs, Senators coach Travis Green said Monday.
When asked if he believed Tkachuk would be on the ice when the playoffs start April 19, Green said, "I do."
Tkachuk, the Ottawa captain, practiced Monday in a noncontact jersey for the first time since the forward sustained an upper-body injury on a hit from Pittsburgh Penguins defenseman Ryan Graves on March 30. He leads the Senators with 29 goals and is tied for third with 55 points in 71 games.
He took line rushes Monday alongside Tim Stutzle and Fabian Zetterlund, and wore a regular jersey Tuesday. However, he missed his eighth consecutive game when Ottawa hosted the Chicago Blackhawks later that night.
"He has to [practice]," Green said. "If you want to be on top of your game after you've been out ... he's no different than any other player, you've got to come back and get some practice time. He's skated on his own for a bit now and it's good to get him with the group. I thought he looked sharp. And I'm sure he'll skate again tomorrow."
It’s unclear whether Tkachuk will play the Senators’ regular-season finale against the Carolina Hurricanes on Thursday.
Ottawa (44-30-6) has clinched the first wild card in the Eastern Conference and will play the Toronto Maple Leafs or the Tampa Bay Lightning in the first round of the playoffs, which start Saturday. -- Callum Fraser

Toronto Maple Leafs
Oliver Ekman-Larsson is expected to be ready for Game 1 of the playoffs, Maple Leafs coach Craig Berube said Tuesday.
The defenseman, who has been skating on his own, has missed the past two games with an upper-body injury. He was injured in a 4-3 overtime win against the Lightning on Wednesday after falling awkwardly on a breakaway in overtime.
"Right now, I mean, I expect him to play, but you never know," Berube said. "He's tough. He'll play through things. And if he's not in the lineup, somebody else is going to have to step up. That's just the bottom line. That's part of the playoffs."
Ekman-Larsson has 29 points (four goals, 25 assists) and is plus-14 in 77 games.
The Maple Leafs, who played the Buffalo Sabres on Tuesday, will close out the regular season against the Detroit Red Wings on Thursday. The playoffs begin Saturday.
Defenseman Jake McCabe is uncertain to return during the regular season and could miss Game 1; he has missed the past five games with an upper-body injury. McCabe is averaging a team-high 21:31 of ice time and has 23 points (two goals, 23 assists) in 66 games.
"There's always a concern, right?" Berube said. "It's just a little ways away yet for me to make those kinds of decisions and things like that. I've got to see them up close a little bit more here and talk to these guys and see where they're at." -- Heather Engel

Buffalo Sabres
Owen Power will miss the final two games of the regular season with a lower-body injury.
The defenseman was injured late in the second period of a 3-2 shootout loss to the Florida Panthers on Saturday on a collision with teammate Mattias Samuelsson and Panthers forward Carter Verhaeghe.
“Don’t really have a time frame yet, but it looks to be [serious],” coach Lindy Ruff said. “We’ll have more information, a further follow-up today and the next couple days.”
Power, who has an NHL career-high 40 points (seven goals, 33 assists) in 79 games, had played every game this season before missing his first one Sunday, a 7-4 loss at the Tampa Bay Lightning. Ruff said had the timing been earlier in the season, Power would be “at least week to week right now, but that’s just me speculating. But he’d be out for some period of time.”
It’s unknown if Power, the No. 1 pick at the 2021 NHL Draft, will need surgery.
“I think it is unfortunate, really,” Ruff said. “I think as soon as we know really the extent and how long it’s going to be, you got to track a plan for him (for the summer).”
Buffalo also played without forward Beck Malenstyn against Toronto on Tuesday because of an undisclosed injury. -- Heather Engel
April-16-2025:


Dallas Stars
Tyler Seguin returned to the lineup against the Nashville Predators on Wednesday.
The forward has not played since Dec. 1 and missed the past 58 games. He had hip surgery Dec. 5 and was expected to be out 4-6 months.
Seguin had 20 points (nine goals, 11 assists) in 19 games prior to the surgery.
"We're making some lineup decisions that'll be tonight," Stars coach Pete DeBoer said. "We've got some game-time decisions. Seguin's in the mix. We've got still a little bit of flu going through some guys, so we've got some balls up in the air and some roster things we've got to deal with. We'll know more tonight."
Dallas has clinched second place in the Central Division and will play the Colorado Avalanche in the Western Conference First Round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs. DeBoer believes getting Seguin into a game before the playoffs begin Saturday could be beneficial.
"It'd be nice, I think," DeBoer said. "I don't think anyone wants to step in cold into a playoff game after being out the time he's been out. But it is only one game too. It's always nice to get those game-like reps and that feel if we can get him in." -- Robby Stanley

Pittsburgh Penguins
Kris Letang had surgery to close a patent foramen ovale (small hole in the heart), the Penguins said Wednesday.
The 37-year-old defenseman is expected to need 4-6 weeks to recover. He will not play in Pittsburgh's final regular-season game, against the Washington Capitals at PPG Paints Arena on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; ESPN, SNP, SNO, SNE).
A small hole in the wall of Letang’s heart was found after he had a stroke in January 2014. He missed five games after another stroke Nov. 28, 2022.
Letang played a season-low 17:21 in a 4-1 loss to the Boston Bruins on Sunday. He missed practice Tuesday because of a medical appointment, Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said.
In his 19th NHL season, Letang has 30 points (nine goals, 21 assists) and a Penguins-high 23:32 of ice time in 74 games.
Pittsburgh (33-36-12) will miss the Stanley Cup Playoffs for a third straight season after qualifying each of the previous 16.
Defenseman P.O Joseph, out because of an upper-body injury since March 1, practiced Tuesday for the first time in a regular jersey.
Defenseman Filip Kral was recalled from Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League to ensure the Penguins had enough players to fill a lineup Thursday, Sullivan said. -- Wes Crosby

New Jersey Devils
Dougie Hamilton returned against the Detroit Red Wings on Wednesday.
The defenseman missed the past 18 games because of a lower-body injury. Hamilton has been skating on his own the past three weeks and participated in warmups prior to a 1-0 loss to the New York Islanders on Sunday.
New Jersey (42-32-7) is third in the Metropolitan Division and will play the Carolina Hurricanes in the Eastern Conference First Round.
"He's worked hard," Devils coach Sheldon Keefe said. "I'd say he's a little bit ahead of schedule. I think ... 6-8 weeks was the projected time period and he's ahead of that. He's excited to go."
The 31-year-old left a 4-3 loss at Dallas on March 4 after getting tangled with Stars forward Mason Marchment behind the net in the first period.
Hamilton leads Devils defensemen in goals (nine) and is second in assists (31) and points (40) while averaging 19:48 of ice time in 63 games.

Washington Capitals
Nic Dowd signed a two-year, $6 million contract with the Capitals on Wednesday. The deal, which begins next season, has an average annual value of $3 million.
Dowd was eligible to become an unrestricted free agent after this season. The 34-year-old set NHL career highs in goals (14) goals and points (27) while averaging 15:10 in ice time and playing all 81 games so far for Washington this season.
"Nic has been an integral member of our team, both on the ice and in our leadership group, and we are excited to extend his contract for an additional two years," Capitals general manager Chris Patrick said. "During his time in Washington, Nic has proven to be a consistent and reliable two-way player who can be trusted in all situations. This signing solidifies our depth at the critical center position as we move forward."
In seven seasons since signing with the Capitals as a UFA on July 1, 2018, Dowd has 150 points (75 goals, 75 assists) in 450 games. Selected by the Los Angeles Kings in the seventh round (No. 198) of the 2009 NHL Draft, he has 176 points (84 goals, 92 assists) in 581 NHL regular-season games with Los Angeles, the Vancouver Canucks and Washington.
The Capitals, who play their regular-season finale at Pittsburgh on Thursday (7 p.m. ET; ESPN, SNP, SNO, SNE), will play either the Montreal Canadiens or Columbus Blue Jackets in the first round of the playoffs. -- Tom Gulitti

Edmonton Oilers
Leon Draisaitl will not play against the San Jose Sharks on Wednesday (10:30 p.m. ET; NBCSCA, SNW, SNO, SNE).
Oilers coach Kris Knoblauch said Draisaitl would miss his seventh straight game but expects him to be ready for the Stanley Cup playoffs.
"Leon is not going to play," Knoblauch said. "We believe that all the guys that we have on our injured reserve will be joining us in playoffs. Most of them for game one."
Draisaitl leads the Oilers in goals (52) and points (106).
Connor McDavid will return to the lineup after being rested during a Oilers 5-0 loss to the Los Angeles Kings on Monday.
"We were playing three games in four days. We were playing back-to-back with travel, just a lot more risk at that point," Knoblauch said. "We were just being a little more safe. We feel that we're in a better position [for him to] play." -- Max Miller

Carolina Hurricanes
Skyler Brind'Amour made his NHL debut with the Hurricanes against the Montreal Canadiens on Wednesday.
The 25-year-old forward is the son of Hurricanes coach Rod Brind'Amour.
"I saw him last night at the hotel and we talked a little bit," Skyler Brind'Amour said. "And then this morning it's been all coach speak so I'm trying to understand the systems. Obviously, in Chicago we play the same style so it's nothing too crazy but a couple of nuances that he put me through."
Brind'Amour has 23 points (16 goals, seven assists) in 67 games with Chicago this season.
"Obviously it's a special moment for Skyler and myself," Rod Brind'Amour said. "I mean I watched him all his life and how hard he's worked and so it's nice for him to get this opportunity. It's well deserved and we'll see what happens."
Carolina dressed each of the four players who were recalled from Chicago of the American Hockey League on Tuesday while resting seven regulars for their final regular-season game.
Defensemen Domenick Fensore made his NHL debut, with forward Bradly Nadeau and defenseman Riley Stillman also being inserted into the lineup.
Forwards Sebastian Aho, Seth Jarvis, Jordan Staal, Jordan Martinook and Jackson Blake and defensemen Jalen Chatfield and Jaccob Slavin did not take part in the morning skate and did not play. -- Sean Farrell

Winnipeg Jets
Nikolaj Ehlers is week to week for the Jets because of a lower-body injury.
The forward was injured late in the second period of a 5-4 shootout win against the Chicago Blackhawks on Saturday and did not return for the third. Ehlers was skating down the left boards when he collided with linesperson James Tobias, with Ehlers' right skate blade catching Tobias' skate.
He previously missed nine games because of a lower-body injury from Dec. 1-17.
"It's related to the first time," Jets coach Scott Arniel said Tuesday. "Obviously got reinjured again when he ran into the [linesperson]."
Ehlers has 63 points (24 goals, 39 assists) in 69 games this season, which is third on the Jets, behind forwards Kyle Connor (96 points) and Mark Scheifele (86).
Arniel also said forward Gabriel Vilardi, who has missed the past 10 games because of an upper-body injury, is day to day. Vilardi has NHL career highs in goals (27), assists (34) and points (61) in 71 games this season.
The Jets (55-22-4) won the Presidents' Trophy as the top team during the regular season and will face the St. Louis Blues in the first round of the playoffs, which begin Saturday.

Minnesota Wild
Jared Spurgeon and Jake Middleton returned to the lineup for a 3-2 overtime win against the Ducks at Xcel Energy Center on Tuesday.
Spurgeon, a defenseman and the Wild captain, missed a 3-2 overtime win at Vancouver on Saturday after taking a puck in the throat during a 4-2 loss to the Calgary Flames on Friday.
"It was fine for the rest of the shift and then sort of when the whistle went I stood up and everything started to spin, and balance was sort of gone and stuff was starting to blur," Spurgeon said. "So, obviously a little panic for a bit there, not really sure what's going on. I'm just happy with the way it's recovered."
Middleton, also a defenseman, missed the previous four games because of an upper-body injury sustained on a hit from New York Islanders center Bo Horvat during a 3-1 loss April 4.
The Wild (45-30-7) clinched the first wild card in the West with the win and will play the Vegas Golden Knights in the first round of the playoffs, which begin Saturday.
Defenseman Zeev Buium, who joined the Wild and practiced Monday after signing a three-year, entry-level contract Sunday, did not play. -- Jessi Pierce
April-17-2025:

Welcome to the NHL Buzz. Today is the last day of the NHL regular season, and NHL.com has you covered with all the latest news.

Los Angeles Kings
Quinton Byfield could play against the Calgary Flames on Thursday (9:30 p.m. ET; ESPN, SN1, SN).
The center sustained an upper-body injury during the Kings' 5-0 win at the Edmonton Oilers on Monday on a cross-check by Oilers defenseman Darnell Nurse, who received a one-game suspension after being assessed a major penalty and game misconduct.
"Starting to feel better, and hopefully get back in tonight and just move forward," said Byfield, who participated in the morning skate and will meet with the Kings' medical staff to determine if he can play.
Byfield, who is fourth on the team in points (54), goals (23) and assists (31), missed a 6-5 win at the Seattle Kraken on Tuesday.
"He's a warrior for us," defenseman Joel Edmundson said. "Unfortunately he had to miss that one game, but hopefully he'll be back."
Edmundson, who has 20 points (six goals, 14 assists) in 72 games, will return after missing five games because of an upper-body injury.
Los Angeles will host Edmonton in Game 1 of their Western Conference First Round series Monday (10 p.m. ET; ESPN2, SN, TVAS 2, FDSNW). -- Dan Greenspan

Toronto Maple Leafs
Jake McCabe, Oliver Ekman-Larsson and David Kampf did not play in the Maple Leafs' final regular-season game against the Detroit Red Wings on Thursday but are expected to be available for Game 1 of the Eastern Conference First Round against the Ottawa Senators.
"Fairly confident," coach Craig Berube said. "I think they're all in pretty good shape. I feel pretty good about it."
McCabe and Ekman-Larsson, each a defenseman, and Kampf, a forward, all took part in an optional morning skate. All three are out with an upper-body injury.
McCabe, who has 23 points (two goals, 21 assists) in 66 games, missed his seventh straight game and Ekman-Larsson, who has 29 points (four goals, 25 assists) in 77 games, missed his fourth straight game.
Kampf, who has 13 points (five goals, eight assists) in 59 games, missed his seventh straight game.
The Maple Leafs dressed the same 18 skaters from their 4-0 win against the Buffalo Sabres on Tuesday. -- Dave McCarthy

San Jose Sharks
Macklin Celebrini will play for Team Canada at the 2025 IIHF World Championship next month.
The center finished his rookie season with 25 goals and 38 assists, second among first-year players.
"With the Olympics coming up (next year), it's going to be a high-level tournament with a lot of NHL talent," Celebrini said. "A lot of other countries [are] bringing the best players that they are going to need for the Olympics. I can't wait. It's going to be some good hockey, and it's going to be a lot of fun."
Celebrini last played for Canada at the 2024 World Juniors, where he had four goals and four assists in eight games. The No. 1 pick in the 2024 NHL Draft said he views the Worlds as a potential audition for the Canada roster for the 2026 Milano Cortina Olympics.
Canada will be in Group A, the same as Sweden. Celebrini's Sharks teammates William Eklund and Alexander Wennberg will play for Sweden.
"We're going to have them in the group stage, so it's going to be fun to play against him," Wennberg said. "I've always played with him, [so I'm] excited to see how big of a pain he is on the ice." -- Max Miller

Winnipeg Jets
Nikolaj Ehlers is week to week for the Jets because of a lower-body injury.
The forward was injured late in the second period of a 5-4 shootout win against the Chicago Blackhawks on Saturday and did not return for the third. Ehlers was skating down the left boards when he collided with linesperson James Tobias, with Ehlers' right skate blade catching Tobias' skate.
He previously missed nine games because of a lower-body injury from Dec. 1-17.
"It's related to the first time," Winnipeg coach Scott Arniel said Tuesday. "Obviously [he] got reinjured again when he ran into the [linesperson]."
Ehlers had 63 points (24 goals, 39 assists) in 69 games this season, which was third on the Jets, behind forwards Kyle Connor (97 points) and Mark Scheifele (87).
Arniel also said forward Gabriel Vilardi, who has missed the past 11 games because of an upper-body injury, is day to day. Vilardi has NHL career highs in goals (27), assists (34) and points (61) in 71 games this season.
The Jets (56-22-4) won the Presidents' Trophy as the top team during the regular season and will face the St. Louis Blues in the first round of the playoffs. Game 1 is in Winnipeg on Saturday (6 p.m. ET; CBC, TVAS, SN, TNT, truTV, MAX, FDSNMW).
